9	Two people are seen moving around a kitchen quickly performing various tasks and sitting down .	how many people are seen moving around the kitchen quickly performing various tasks and sitting down ?	two
13	The dog turns around and goes back to the other room .	what turns around and goes back to the other room ?	dog
16	A little boy holding a yellow ball walks by .	the little boy holding what walks by ?	ball
16	A little boy holding a yellow ball walks by .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
22	The camel walks as the woman leans forward .	what walks as the woman leans forward ?	camel
23	And hand covers the lens as the harness is shown .	what does and hand cover ?	lens
25	The child sets the mop down and plays with her family member .	the child sets what down and plays with her family member ?	mop
28	The man mixes up various ingredients and begins laying plaster on the floor .	the man mixes up what and begins laying plaster on the floor ?	ingredients
31	Two lines of young men are walking side by side down a road .	how many lines of young men are walking side by side down a road ?	two
32	Then one man stands in a field holding a wooden object and begins twisting it .	then how many man stands in the field holding a wooden object and begins twisting it ?	one
33	He then bends down and grabs a ball .	he then bends down and grabs what ?	ball
34	After , the ball is placed on the ground and he picks it up and hits it as if he 's playing baseball .	what is after , placed on the ground and he picks it up and hits it as if he 's playing baseball ?	ball
35	The ball is thrown back and he its it again .	what is thrown back and he its it again ?	ball
37	There was a penalty and one players attempts to hit the ball into the goal from the side .	how many players attempts to hit the ball into the goal from the side ?	one
38	Lastly , the screen flashes to a black screen and the words The End are shown .	what does lastly , flash to the black screen and the words the end are shown ?	screen
38	Lastly , the screen flashes to a black screen and the words The End are shown .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
39	A woman wearing overalls is talking to the camera .	the woman wearing what is talking to the camera ?	overalls
44	A person in a yellow uniform is standing in front of a net blocking balls .	what is the color of the uniform ?	yellow
47	A camera pans over a snowy area and leads into a man standing on a snowboard and riding down a mountain .	what pans over the snowy area and leads into a man standing on a snowboard and riding down a mountain ?	camera
49	A playroom is seen followed by a young boy sliding down a slide and climbing back up again .	what is seen followed by the young boy sliding down a slide and climbing back up again ?	playroom
51	A man and woman are sitting on red couches with sports jerseys hanging on the wall and a blue screen on the wall behind them in the middle of them .	what is the color of the couches ?	red
51	A man and woman are sitting on red couches with sports jerseys hanging on the wall and a blue screen on the wall behind them in the middle of them .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
52	The woman picks up a clipboard next to her and smooths out the papers that are on top of it while smiling , crosses her legs and sits back .	the woman picks up what next to her and smooths out the papers that are on top of it while smiling , crosses her legs and sits back ?	clipboard
54	When the clips end the man and woman on the couch begin talking and she puts her clipboard down .	what do begin and she puts down ?	clipboard
57	The man then shares a beer with other people around him .	what does the man then share with other people around him ?	beer
58	Four kids are outside in the beach playing in the sand , two boys on the left and two girls on the right .	how many kids are outside in the beach playing in the sand , two boys on the left and two girls on the right ?	four
63	the leaves continue to be shown blowing around as well as a machine sitting off in the distance .	what continue to be shown blowing around as well as the machine sitting off in the distance ?	leaves
68	They continue working out in the room .	where do they continue working out . ?	room
72	A man is playing the bagpipes in front of people .	what is the man playing in front of people ?	bagpipes
77	The blackjack attendant places cards on the table .	what places cards on the table ?	attendant
78	Two men in padded sumo costumes are pulled along a tug rope on a ski slope .	how many men in padded sumo costumes are pulled along a tug rope on a ski slope ?	two
79	Two men in yellow padded sumo costumes do jumps on their snowboard on a downhill course .	how many men in yellow padded sumo costumes do jumps on their snowboard on a downhill course ?	two
79	Two men in yellow padded sumo costumes do jumps on their snowboard on a downhill course .	what is the color of the costumes ?	yellow
82	The two men give each other a high five .	how many men give each other a high five ?	two
89	He is drinking the broth from a bowl .	what is he drinking from a bowl ?	broth
92	He tries to sit on the ball but the ball rolls away .	what does he try but rolls away ?	ball
102	She pours the drink out into the glass while still speaking to the camera .	what does she pour out into the glass while still speaking to the camera ?	drink
103	Three people stand by the corner of a building .	how many people stand by the corner of a building ?	three
107	A person is holding a flute .	what is the person holding ?	flute
111	The screen shows the title of preparing a Chilean Hulte salad dish .	what shows the title of preparing a chilean hulte salad dish ?	screen
112	A person is mixing salad ingredients in a large bowl .	what is the person mixing in a large bowl ?	ingredients
112	A person is mixing salad ingredients in a large bowl .	where is the person mixing salad ingredients . ?	bowl
115	Two customers make a purchase and give money to the seller and give the camera a thumbs up .	two customers make a purchase and give what to the seller and give the camera a thumbs up ?	money
115	Two customers make a purchase and give money to the seller and give the camera a thumbs up .	how many customers make the purchase and give money to the seller and give the camera a thumbs up ?	two
120	Then the chef places the ingredients in a salad bowl .	where does then the chef place the ingredients . ?	bowl
121	The finished product is shown on screen , followed by a group of people sitting together and enjoying the salad .	what is shown on screen , followed by a group of people sitting together and enjoying the salad ?	product
124	They are all doing the same basic dance and having pictures taken of them .	what are they all doing the same basic dance and having taken of them ?	pictures
125	A murky river is shown next to a row of trees .	what is shown next to the row of trees ?	river
128	Three girls are on the beach talking .	how many girls are on the beach talking ?	three
131	The camera pans above lush and green terrain over what looks like a mountain range .	what pans above lush and green terrain over what looks like a mountain range ?	camera
142	They strain the juice and pour it into a jar .	they strain what and pour it into a jar ?	juice
144	A child scrubs out the kitchen sink using a brush .	what does the child scrub out using a brush ?	sink
146	The child uses the faucet nozzle to rinse out the sink .	what does the child use ?	nozzle
147	The boy returns the sink nozzle to the faucet and turns off the water .	the boy returns what to the faucet and turns off the water ?	nozzle
151	A lady dressed in all black however , seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time .	what is the color of the lady ?	black
153	A man is shown standing in front of a blue background as many harmonicas are shown and he starts playing them .	what is the color of the background ?	blue
157	He speaks some more and shows his harmonica again as the video goes to an end title screen that reads Howcast original '' .	he speaks and shows what again '' ?	harmonica
158	A boy wearing white shorts is standing in a room .	the boy wearing what is standing in a room ?	shorts
158	A boy wearing white shorts is standing in a room .	what is the color of the shorts ?	white
158	A boy wearing white shorts is standing in a room .	where is the boy wearing white shorts is standing . ?	room
167	The people hit the ball back and fourth while others watch on the side .	what did the people hit back and fourth while others watch on the side ?	ball
172	A man uses a large plastic blue bat .	what does the man use ?	bat
172	A man uses a large plastic blue bat .	what is the color of the bat ?	blue
178	The man swings a hammer .	what does the man swing ?	hammer
179	The man throws a weighted ball .	what does the man throw ?	ball
187	A dog wags his tail as he tries to help .	what wags his tail as he tries to help ?	dog
187	A dog wags his tail as he tries to help .	what did the dog wag ?	tail
191	A man is playing the bagpipes at the bottom of the stairs in the living room of a house , wearing a button up and dress pants , along with socks .	what is the man playing at the bottom of the stairs in the living room of a house , wearing a button up and dress pants , along with socks ?	bagpipes
194	People are working in a bike shop fixing a bike .	where are people working fixing a bike . ?	shop
195	They put the wheels back onto the bike .	what did they put back onto the bike ?	wheels
197	The bike is put together on the floor .	what is put together on the floor ?	bicycle
202	The man plays bongo drums while the woman helps occasionally .	what does the man play ?	drums
204	A person walks on the roof of a climbing equipment , then he goes down the wall and reach the floor and walk forward .	what does the person walk on the roof of a climbing equipment , then he goes down the wall and reach and walk forward ?	floor
206	A woman is seen holding two dogs on a leash and proceeds to unhook them and let them go .	how many dogs is the woman seen holding on a leash and proceeds to unhook them and let them go ?	two
210	Two men in work out clothes are standing up against the wall and they begin to talk about working out .	how many men in work out clothes are standing up against the wall ?	two
211	One man is then shown and he bends down and shows the proper way to lift the bar with weight on it .	how many man is then shown ?	one
212	A man is seen kneeling in a gym .	where is the man seen kneeling . ?	gym
215	A person is using a leaf blower to blow leaves into a pile .	what is the person using ?	blower
216	The leaves blow up onto a hedge .	what blow up onto the hedge ?	leaves
218	A group of people are sitting down at the top of a snow slide in a tube .	where are the group of people sitting down . ?	tube
219	The person holding the camera starts his journey and he is off down the slopes of snow .	the person holding what starts his journey and he is off down the slopes of snow ?	camera
220	As he reaches the bottom , several black mats are placed in front of him to help slow him down .	what are , placed in front of him to help slow him down ?	mats
220	As he reaches the bottom , several black mats are placed in front of him to help slow him down .	what is the color of the mats ?	black
230	The camera shows the violinist from various angles playing the popular song and not breaking concentration .	what shows the violinist from various angles playing the popular song and not breaking concentration ?	camera
231	The camera pans all around the player and shows him playing the complete song .	what pans all around the player and shows him playing the complete song ?	camera
232	A camera zooms in on a person riding in a tube .	what zooms in on the person riding in a tube ?	camera
235	A man train a boy kick box while two men watch sitting in the room .	the man train a boy kick box while how many men watch sitting in the room ?	two
261	We see the cloth hanging on the wall .	what do we see hanging on the wall ?	cloth
267	A black two door Audi A3 is shown and then the camera zooms in on the tires .	what is shown and then the camera zooms in on the tires ?	door
267	A black two door Audi A3 is shown and then the camera zooms in on the tires .	what is the black two door audi a3 shown and then zooms in on the tires ?	camera
269	Next , the truck is opened , and the person removes the spare tire and the jack .	what is next , opened , and the person removes the spare tire and the jack ?	truck
270	He then lifts the car and continues to loosen the bolts on the wheel of the car .	he then lifts what and continues to loosen the bolts on the wheel of the car ?	car
271	Once loose , the wheel is removed and the spare is put on and the same actions are performed in reverse .	what is once loose , removed and the spare is put on and the same actions are performed in reverse ?	wheel
272	Two girls stand between a girl in a hair salon stool and begin brushing her and parting her hair .	how many girls stand between the girl in a hair salon stool and begin brushing her and parting her hair ?	two
273	One woman braids her hair continuously to eventually create a french braid .	how many woman braids her hair continuously to eventually create a french braid ?	one
275	We see a colorful opening scene .	what do we see ?	scene
279	We see an an ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
280	A man wearing a striped shirt dances with a girl in a brown blouse at a street festival .	the man wearing what dances with a girl in a brown blouse at a street festival ?	shirt
280	A man wearing a striped shirt dances with a girl in a brown blouse at a street festival .	what is the color of the blouse ?	brown
283	The man is strumming one drum .	what is the man strumming ?	drum
283	The man is strumming one drum .	how many drum is the man strumming ?	one
284	The man strum the other drum while moving his leg .	what do the man strum while moving his leg ?	drum
285	The man play two drums at the same time .	how many drums do the man play at the same time ?	two
288	The lady put the violin on her lap and talked .	the lady put what on her lap and talked ?	violin
289	A man sits in a chair as he is getting his hair cut .	where does the man sit as he is getting his hair cut . ?	chair
290	A man in a black shirt moves a light around .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
301	She is holding a baton and twirling it in her hands .	what is she holding and twirling it in her hands ?	baton
304	A man in a black hat is hitting a ball on the grass with a club .	what is the man in a black hat hitting on the grass with a club ?	ball
304	A man in a black hat is hitting a ball on the grass with a club .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
322	She also uses some lime green nail polish and paints the nails to finish off the process and make them shiny .	what is the color of the polish ?	green
325	The man creates a giant omelette , finally flipping it onto a plate and handing it to a patron .	what does the man create , ?	omelette
326	An old man with gray hair , wearing red shirt and black pants is dribbling the ball in an indoor court , he dribbled the ball side by side , between his legs .	what is the color of the hair ?	gray
326	An old man with gray hair , wearing red shirt and black pants is dribbling the ball in an indoor court , he dribbled the ball side by side , between his legs .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
326	An old man with gray hair , wearing red shirt and black pants is dribbling the ball in an indoor court , he dribbled the ball side by side , between his legs .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
327	He shoot the ball into the ring , then start dribbling again to side to side and between his legs , and shoot the ball into the ring .	he shoot what into the ring , then start dribbling again to side to side and between his legs , and shoot the ball into the ring ?	ball
327	He shoot the ball into the ring , then start dribbling again to side to side and between his legs , and shoot the ball into the ring .	he shoot the ball into the ring , then start dribbling again , and shoot what into the ring ?	ball
330	A helicopter rides over the shoreline where the surfers are riding .	what rides over the shoreline where the surfers are riding ?	helicopter
334	The crowd cheers multiples surfing runs on .	how many multiples does the crowd surfing run on ?	cheers
338	We see a golden title on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
347	The two teams shake hands after the game .	how many teams shake hands after the game ?	two
348	The man walks towards a group of people dressed in black .	what is the color of the people ?	black
350	A man stands the camel up on it 's legs and walks around the area .	the man stands what up on it 's legs and walks around the area ?	camel
354	A person is seen in various shots riding around in a canoe and smiling off into the distance .	where is the person seen in various shots riding around and smiling off into the distance . ?	canoe
358	One man comes close to the camera man and near the crowd for a few moments .	how many man comes close to the camera man and near the crowd for a few moments ?	one
363	The person in black shirt is playing drums .	what is the person in black shirt playing ?	drums
363	The person in black shirt is playing drums .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
364	The camera zoomed in to the drums as the person continue to play .	what zoomed in to the drums as the person continue to play ?	camera
365	The camera shifted to the view looking down the drums .	what shifted to the view looking down the drums ?	camera
367	Then , another disk slides on the floor to stop inside the triangle .	what does then , slide on the floor to stop inside the triangle ?	disk
368	After , the person throw another disc that stops inside the triangle .	what do after , the person throw ?	disc
370	Paintballs are flying at men in front of a tent .	what are flying at men in front of a tent ?	paintballs
373	Paintballs come out of a man 's mouth .	what come out of the man 's mouth ?	paintballs
377	A man is playing cymbals under a bright light on a stage .	what is the man playing under a bright light on a stage ?	cymbals
384	Several people around her are watches and ca n't help but laugh .	several people around her are what and ca n't help but laugh ?	watches
385	The woman is laughing as well and finally hits the pinata for the children to grab .	the woman is laughing as well and finally hits what for the children ?	pinata
396	three man are standing in a gym talking to each other .	how many man are standing in the gym talking to each other ?	three
397	men opens the wooden door and enters in the gym and are watching the first men , and they panicked .	men opens what and enters in the gym and are watching the first men , and they panicked ?	door
401	She then mixes the ingredients together on a slice of bread and creates a sandwich while pouring chips out onto the side .	she then mixes what together on a slice of bread and creates a sandwich while pouring chips out onto the side ?	ingredients
401	She then mixes the ingredients together on a slice of bread and creates a sandwich while pouring chips out onto the side .	she then mixes the ingredients together on a slice of bread and creates what while pouring chips out onto the side ?	sandwich
402	She then presents the plate while speaking to the camera and holding up various liquids .	what does she then present ?	plate
403	We see two men walking and jumping on jump-stilts .	how many men do we see walking and jumping on jump-stilts ?	two
404	One man jumps down the road , the the other as a man photographs them .	how many man jumps down the road ?	one
406	Four bikes ride past the men .	what ride past the men ?	bicycles
406	Four bikes ride past the men .	how many bikes ride past the men ?	four
410	Men stand in the beach holding surfboards .	where do men stand . ?	surfboards
415	Two people are seen speaking to one another while standing on the docks as well as speak to the camera .	how many people are seen speaking to one another while standing on the docks as well as speak to the camera ?	two
416	The people enjoy themselves around the are by getting their hair cut , eating food , and the man preparing a boat .	what do the people enjoy themselves , and the man preparing ?	boat
421	A person is applying rods to braids .	what is the person applying to braids ?	rods
430	Cars are driving down the highway fairly quickly .	what are driving down the highway fairly quickly ?	cars
432	They go into a bar and throw a ball into a girls drink starting a beer pong war .	they go into a bar and throw what into a girls drink starting a beer pong war ?	ball
434	A young lady with a grey jacket on is standing in front of a sink lathering her hands .	what is the color of the jacket ?	gray
436	After that is done , she grabs a white towel , dries her hands and wipes her mouth .	, she grabs what , dries her hands and wipes her mouth ?	towel
436	After that is done , she grabs a white towel , dries her hands and wipes her mouth .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
442	She then puts eyeliner on followed by mascara and lip liner .	what does she then put on followed by mascara and lip liner ?	eyeliner
451	People continues skateboarding in the road .	where does people continue skateboarding . ?	road
458	People are playing cricket together outside .	what are people playing together outside ?	cricket
462	A man is rubbing sunscreen onto her legs .	what is the man rubbing onto her legs ?	sunscreen
467	man wearing a purple shirt is holding a gas pipe .	man wearing what is holding a gas pipe ?	shirt
467	man wearing a purple shirt is holding a gas pipe .	what is man wearing a purple shirt is holding ?	pipe
467	man wearing a purple shirt is holding a gas pipe .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
468	the man is using the pipe to light up the woodfire .	what is the man using ?	pipe
474	Various pictures are shown of shuffleboard history .	what are shown of shuffleboard history ?	pictures
483	A pair of hands is seen yielding a metal tool over a yellow walled tire lying on a flat surface .	what is the color of the tire ?	yellow
485	The hand then uses a metal , black , tool to insert a new valve into the tire .	what is the color of the tool ?	black
491	A man is sitting on a black mat in a gym .	what is the color of the mat ?	black
494	A camera pans around a shirtless man sitting in the snow followed by the man snowboarding and men riding up a hill .	what pans around the shirtless man sitting in the snow followed by the man snowboarding and men riding up a hill ?	camera
496	A caveman is seen walking a purple rock .	what is the color of the rock ?	purple
497	He runs into a big dog and the dog eats the caveman .	what does he run into a big dog and eats the caveman ?	dog
498	A God walks a poodle .	what does the god walk ?	poodle
499	A cowboy walks his dog and is shot outside a saloon .	the cowboy walks what and is shot outside a saloon ?	dog
501	A hippie dog lies down on the floor and seems to be hallucinating .	what lies down on the floor and seems to be hallucinating ?	dog
503	A man wearing a black clothes is sharpening the knife on a stone .	the man wearing what is sharpening the knife on a stone ?	clothes
503	A man wearing a black clothes is sharpening the knife on a stone .	what is the color of the clothes ?	black
504	The man beside him on blue long sleeves drawing something on the table with his finger .	what is the color of the sleeves ?	blue
506	The man in navy blue shirt point to the knife while the man sharpening the knife tries to sharpen it one hand .	the man in navy blue shirt point to the knife while the man sharpening the knife tries to sharpen it how many hand ?	one
506	The man in navy blue shirt point to the knife while the man sharpening the knife tries to sharpen it one hand .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
508	Throws the old and dirty paper towel and reach the roll of paper towel and clean the knife .	throws what and reach the roll of paper towel and clean the knife ?	towel
508	Throws the old and dirty paper towel and reach the roll of paper towel and clean the knife .	throws the old and dirty paper towel and reach the roll of paper towel and clean what ?	knife
509	A camera pans around a snowy area and transitions into several people in tubes down a hill .	what pans around the snowy area and transitions into several people in tubes down a hill ?	camera
510	The people laugh while riding down the hill when one person falls off and the camera pans around the people .	the people laugh while riding down the hill when how many person falls off and the camera pans around the people ?	one
511	The camera shows one more shot of the people all riding down the long hill together .	what shows one more shot of the people all riding down the long hill together ?	camera
511	The camera shows one more shot of the people all riding down the long hill together .	how many more shot does the camera show of the people all riding down the long hill together ?	one
513	He walks away from his stuff , and a fish pulls his pole into the water , disappearing with it .	what does he walk away from his stuff , and pulls his pole into the water , disappearing with it ?	fish
513	He walks away from his stuff , and a fish pulls his pole into the water , disappearing with it .	what does he walk away from his stuff , and a fish pulls into the water , ?	pole
518	Next she shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup .	next she shakes everything up and strains what into the cocktail cup ?	drink
520	He then mixes an egg and milk together and puts the sandwich into the mix .	he then mixes an egg and milk together and puts what into the mix ?	sandwich
528	A man in a red shirt is sitting at an exercise bike .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
530	There are other bikes next to him .	what are there next to him ?	bicycles
536	More ingredients are mixed afterwards that leads into more wiping down with the rag .	what are mixed afterwards that leads into more wiping down with the rag ?	ingredients
537	A girl is pushing two little boys on a backyard swing .	how many little boys is the girl pushing on a backyard swing ?	two
542	A girl wraps the rope around her saddle while others practice on placed saddles .	what does the girl wrap around her saddle ?	rope
546	A man swings his leg in the air creating letters and we see an opening screen .	what does the man swing his leg in the air creating letters and we see ?	screen
547	two men are in two different rooms performing Capoeira moves .	how many men are in two different rooms performing capoeira moves ?	two
550	We see the website on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
551	We see four screens with images of men doing Capoeira .	what do we see with images of men doing capoeira ?	screens
551	We see four screens with images of men doing Capoeira .	how many screens do we see with images of men doing capoeira ?	four
553	They wear braces so they make sure to scrub all around very well .	what do they wear ?	braces
556	A person sprays a sink and wipes it with a towel .	the person sprays what and wipes it with a towel ?	sink
558	They spray a toilet and wipe it with a toilet .	they spray what and wipe it with a toilet ?	toilet
560	There a young man wearing a red hat talking about a skateboarding event at Red Bull skate Arcade .	there the young man wearing what talking about a skateboarding event at red bull skate arcade ?	hat
560	There a young man wearing a red hat talking about a skateboarding event at Red Bull skate Arcade .	what is the color of the hat ?	red
569	The dog catches the Frisbee and brings it back to the trainer .	what catches the frisbee and brings it back to the trainer ?	dog
584	The boy then approached the bars and does a series of swings and hand stand in the air .	the boy then approached what and does a series of swings and hand stand in the air ?	bars
588	the man on the right serves and the man on the left hits it back but it hits the net .	what does the man on the right serve and the man on the left hits it back but it hits ?	net
592	We see the stilts the man is walking on .	what do we see ?	stilts
593	The camera becomes wobbly and blurry .	what becomes wobbly and blurry ?	camera
597	The video movies to the man putting up the wall paper by first measuring it out , lining up the pattern and putting it up on the wall .	what are the video movies to the man putting up by first measuring it out , lining up the pattern and putting it up on the wall ?	paper
598	The camera shows wall paper in a finished room , going over different rooms with different wall papers .	what shows wall paper in a finished room , going over different rooms with different wall papers ?	camera
598	The camera shows wall paper in a finished room , going over different rooms with different wall papers .	where does the camera show wall paper , going over different rooms with different wall papers . ?	room
600	Then it shows two tables that look like they have also been wall papered .	how many tables does then it show that look like they have also been wall papered ?	two
602	As they are in line , one girl is in the middle of a game of hop scotch , turns around , finishes and gets back in line .	how many girl are as they in line , is in the middle of a game of hop scotch , turns around , finishes and gets back in line ?	one
605	The dog is seen in several clips chasing after a frisbee .	what is seen in several clips chasing after a frisbee ?	dog
606	A man throws the frisbee to the dog in the yard who continues chasing after him .	what does the man throw to the dog in the yard who continues chasing after him ?	frisbee
611	A camera pans up to a person standing in a kitchen and then dancing on the floor .	what pans up to the person standing in a kitchen and then dancing on the floor ?	camera
618	Two kids are climbing a rock wall .	what are two kids climbing ?	wall
618	Two kids are climbing a rock wall .	how many kids are climbing the rock wall ?	two
629	A person solves a cube puzzle flipping the pieces around .	what does the person solve flipping the pieces around ?	puzzle
629	A person solves a cube puzzle flipping the pieces around .	the person solves a cube puzzle flipping what around ?	pieces
630	The person solves the puzzle and show a chronometer .	the person solves the puzzle and show what ?	chronometer
631	Two young children are seen riding on a camel past a group of people and a man leading them along .	how many young children are seen riding on the camel past a group of people and a man leading them along ?	two
633	Young children are seen jumping on a mat back and fourth while two older women watch them on the side .	young children are seen jumping on a mat back and fourth while how many older women watch them on the side ?	two
641	A person leads a horse .	what does the person lead ?	horse
643	The guy pats the horse and goes horseback riding .	the guy pats what and goes horseback riding ?	horse
644	People go horseback riding down a trail .	what do people go riding down a trail ?	horseback
647	A woman in a blue coat is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the coat ?	blue
650	The man mounts the pommel horse .	what does the man mount ?	horse
658	They hit the ball back and forth , trying to keep it from each other .	what did they hit back and forth , ?	ball
665	man is standing in front of a motorbike and puts a toilet lid in the black leathe seat .	man is standing in front of a motorbike and puts what in the black leathe seat ?	lid
665	man is standing in front of a motorbike and puts a toilet lid in the black leathe seat .	what is the color of the seat ?	black
666	the man is driving the motorbike thorugh the street and a dog is running next to him .	what is the man driving ?	motorcycle
667	the man opens the motorbike trunk and close it .	the man opens what and close it ?	trunk
678	The camera zooms in on the drink and fades to black to end the video .	what zooms in on the drink and fades to black to end the video ?	camera
678	The camera zooms in on the drink and fades to black to end the video .	what is the color of the drink ?	black
682	The girl continues to practice by herself in the studio .	where does the girl continue to practice . ?	studio
690	Two gymasts are performing in front of a crowd .	how many gymasts are performing in front of a crowd ?	two
693	The man dismounts , and puts one victorious arm up into the air .	the man dismounts , and puts how many victorious arm up into the air ?	one
694	A hand is holding a shower head close to a dog .	what is the hand holding to a dog ?	close
695	The dog moves around the bathtub as he tries to bite the water being splashed on him .	what moves around the bathtub as he tries to bite the water being splashed on him ?	dog
718	A car drives away from the camera .	what drives away from the camera ?	car
719	Two people talk to the camera .	how many people talk to the camera ?	two
720	A truck drives away from the camera .	what drives away from the camera ?	truck
722	She uses green paint to fill in a drawing of a plant .	what does she use ?	paint
722	She uses green paint to fill in a drawing of a plant .	what is the color of the paint ?	green
724	A white male is dressed outside in a Scotland uniform standing outside in the middle of a cemetery .	what is the color of the male ?	white
725	As he is standing , he plays the bag pipes with the American Flag hanging down from them .	what does , he play with the american flag hanging down from them ?	pipes
729	The coupe hold on and then jump off the side while the others stand and watch .	what hold on and then jump off the side while the others stand and watch ?	coupe
732	He is a blue belt being judged for his skills .	what is he being judged for his skills ?	belt
732	He is a blue belt being judged for his skills .	what is the color of the belt ?	blue
733	He bows gracefully before walking off and the judges throw up their flags .	what does he bow gracefully before walking off and the judges throw up ?	flags
736	A woman with blonde hair , a purple jacket and black gloves on is standing near a stable talking .	what is the color of the jacket ?	purple
736	A woman with blonde hair , a purple jacket and black gloves on is standing near a stable talking .	what is the color of the gloves ?	black
737	As she continues talking , her saddle is shown and she begins talking about the specifics of it .	what is , shown and she begins talking about the specifics of it ?	saddle
741	He finally blows smoke rings out of his mouth .	what did he finally blow out of his mouth ?	rings
750	We then see the title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
754	We see 2 title cards about starting fires for survival and the website is show before the end screens .	how many title cards do we see about starting fires for survival ?	two
763	The man ends with a walk along a rocky beach and carrying his skateboard on his right shoulder .	what does the man end with a walk along a rocky beach and carrying on his right shoulder ?	skateboard
768	Several women play pool at the table in revealing clothing .	what do several women play at the table in revealing clothing ?	pool
773	Several men are playing soccer in a gym .	where are several men playing soccer . ?	gym
793	Two men are sitting at a table .	how many men are sitting at the table ?	two
799	A man drives a mowing machine to cut the grass of a backyard .	what does the man drive ?	machine
803	Two young men are standing indoors , talking to the camera .	how many young men are standing indoors , talking to the camera ?	two
807	A person in blue pants is raking some fallen leaves from the ground .	what is the person in blue pants raking from the ground ?	leaves
807	A person in blue pants is raking some fallen leaves from the ground .	what is the color of the pants ?	blue
808	There is a black dog and a white dog jumping around the person raking the leaves .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
808	There is a black dog and a white dog jumping around the person raking the leaves .	what is the color of the dog ?	white
809	The white dog is trying to bite off the rake .	what is trying to bite off the rake ?	dog
809	The white dog is trying to bite off the rake .	what is the color of the dog ?	white
810	Both the dogs are playing around the man raking the leaves , trying to bite the rake .	what are playing around the man raking the leaves , trying to bite the rake ?	dogs
812	A butterfly is flying on the screen with words on slides .	what is flying on the screen with words on slides ?	butterfly
813	A person is mixing ingredients in a bowl .	where is the person mixing ingredients . ?	bowl
814	They spoon the dough onto a cookie sheet .	what do they spoon onto a cookie sheet ?	dough
815	Bakes cookies are shown stacked up on a plate .	what are shown stacked up on the plate ?	cookies
819	The person mixes various ingredients into a container of water .	what does the person mix into a container of water ?	ingredients
821	A person 's hand washes a grey cat in a white tub of water .	what is the color of the cat ?	gray
821	A person 's hand washes a grey cat in a white tub of water .	what is the color of the tub ?	white
822	A grey cat is sitting in a white tub of clear water , drenched in water .	what is sitting in the white tub of clear water , drenched in water ?	cat
822	A grey cat is sitting in a white tub of clear water , drenched in water .	what is the color of the cat ?	gray
822	A grey cat is sitting in a white tub of clear water , drenched in water .	what is the color of the tub ?	white
823	A hand with a tattoo appears and wipes the cat 's back with a red cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	red
824	The hand then wipes the cat 's neck and the back of its head with the red cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	red
825	The hand , finally , lets the red cloth fall into the water as the hand holds itself up to the cat 's nose .	what does the hand , finally , let into the water ?	fall
825	The hand , finally , lets the red cloth fall into the water as the hand holds itself up to the cat 's nose .	what is the color of the fall ?	red
833	Then , the chef puts the pasta in hot water , then pours oil in a pan .	where does then , the chef put the pasta in hot water , then pours oil . ?	pan
835	After , the chef adds the parmesan cheese on top the pasta and serves in a dish .	after , the chef adds what on top the pasta and serves in a dish ?	cheese
836	The chef put cheese and two green leaves on top the pasta in the dish .	where did the chef put cheese and two green leaves . ?	dish
837	A woman ballerina dressed in a pink skirt and white blouse is standing in pose with her back bent forward and hands on her sides on a stage .	what is the color of the blouse ?	white
838	A man in blue jeans and a white shirt walks in and strokes her back with a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the jeans ?	blue
838	A man in blue jeans and a white shirt walks in and strokes her back with a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
838	A man in blue jeans and a white shirt walks in and strokes her back with a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	yellow
845	The crowd applauds and the man in the white shirt and blue jeans lifts her up and walks off the stage .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
845	The crowd applauds and the man in the white shirt and blue jeans lifts her up and walks off the stage .	what is the color of the jeans ?	blue
853	A man in a red coat is outside on a snowboard .	what is the color of the coat ?	red
863	A black female is talking to the screen with long blonde curly hair and a black sweater .	what is the color of the female ?	black
863	A black female is talking to the screen with long blonde curly hair and a black sweater .	what is the color of the sweater ?	black
864	A blow dryer is shown and the lady then begins drying a girl 's hair .	what is blow shown and the lady then begins drying a girl 's hair ?	dryer
869	a lot of different lifts are stacked in the gym .	where are the lot of different lifts stacked . ?	gym
878	Several vehicles drive down a road behind the field .	what drive down the road behind the field ?	vehicles
879	Cows graze behind the road .	what graze behind the road ?	cows
882	The man picks up a steel sup and pours its contents of ice into a glass he holds in opposite hand .	the man picks up what and pours its contents of ice into a glass he holds in opposite hand ?	sup
885	The man picks up another glass with red juice inside and pours it into the glass with ice before setting back down .	what is the color of the inside ?	red
887	The man stops shaking and sepperates the two cups , setting them back on the counter .	the man stops and sepperates what , ?	cups
887	The man stops shaking and sepperates the two cups , setting them back on the counter .	the man stops shaking and sepperates how many cups , setting them back on the counter ?	two
893	An unseen person navigates several Amazon dot com pages on exercise equipment .	what does an unseen person navigate on exercise equipment ?	pages
898	A pinata hangs from a tree , as a group of girls stand in front of it .	what hangs from the tree , as a group of girls stand in front of it ?	pinata
900	She hits the pinata , then walks away .	what does she hit , then walks away ?	pinata
901	A woman in a pink shirt is riding a cycle bike .	what is the woman in a pink shirt riding ?	bicycle
909	He starts to blow his smoke in a container and makes some really cool circles i have never seen anything like it .	he starts and makes what ?	circles
912	The man leans on the tailgate of his van and shows storage cargo features inside .	the man leans on the tailgate of his van and shows storage what inside ?	features
913	The man assembles together poles .	what does the man assemble together ?	poles
914	The man sits in the drivers seat of the van and places the rod frame into a socket and twists it around .	the man sits in the drivers seat of the van and places what into a socket and twists it around ?	frame
915	The man adjusts the rod and reaches under the van to remove a spare tire .	the man adjusts what and reaches under the van to remove a spare tire ?	rod
916	The man removes the spare tire from its enclosure .	what does the man remove from its enclosure ?	tire
918	There are two teenage boys playing and solving the Rubic 's cube .	there are two teenage boys playing and solving what ?	cube
918	There are two teenage boys playing and solving the Rubic 's cube .	how many teenage boys are there playing and solving the rubic 's cube ?	two
921	They both finish almost at the same time and solve the Rubic 's cube .	they both finish almost at the same time and solve what ?	cube
922	They proudly show off their skills in the camera .	where do they proudly show off their skills . ?	camera
924	She shows the ingredients required for the drink .	what does she show required for the drink ?	ingredients
928	She uses a strainer to strain the drink into a cocktail glass and places the glass on the table .	she uses what and places the glass on the table ?	strainer
930	There 's a model whose face is completely lathered with shaving gel and he is using a blue razor to shave his face .	what does there 's a model and he is using ?	razor
930	There 's a model whose face is completely lathered with shaving gel and he is using a blue razor to shave his face .	what is the color of the razor ?	blue
932	He is also shaving his face with a blue razor .	what is the color of the razor ?	blue
946	The person is playing the drums .	what is the person playing ?	drums
950	A woman holds a yellow ball behind her neck .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
951	She turns around and launches the ball onto a field .	she turns around and launches what onto a field ?	ball
953	A man in a red shirt holds a ball behind his neck .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
954	He turns around and launches the ball on the field .	he turns around and launches what on the field ?	ball
957	She also turns around and launches the ball onto the field .	she also turns around and launches what onto the field ?	ball
960	She then throws the ball again .	what does she then throw again ?	ball
977	He then picks up the instrument and begins playing on stage .	he then picks up what and begins playing on stage ?	instrument
981	The outro goes to gray and then fade to black .	what is the color of the outro ?	black
985	A female news anchor introduces a story .	what introduces the story ?	anchor
995	The person puts a new tire on and screws it in place while taking off the jack and putting the hubcap back on .	the person puts what on and screws it in place while taking off the jack and putting the hubcap back on ?	tire
996	The opening credits are shown for a video about bowling .	what are shown for the video about bowling ?	credits
999	A man throws the ball and simultaneously throws himself down the alley as well .	the man throws what and simultaneously throws himself down the alley as well ?	ball
1006	Several young people , talk and laugh while standing around a table covered in beer cans and blue plastic cups .	what is the color of the cups ?	blue
1008	A small white balls is thrown across the table as the people attempt to throw the balls in the blue cups from across the table .	what is thrown across the table as the people attempt to throw the balls in the blue cups from across the table ?	balls
1008	A small white balls is thrown across the table as the people attempt to throw the balls in the blue cups from across the table .	what is the color of the balls ?	white
1008	A small white balls is thrown across the table as the people attempt to throw the balls in the blue cups from across the table .	what is the color of the cups ?	blue
1009	In the final moments of the clip a ball flies across the table and the men react in a triumphant way throwing their arms in the air in celebration .	what does in the final moments of the clip fly across the table and the men react in a triumphant way throwing their arms in the air in celebration ?	ball
1010	A group of young men poses and goofs around in front of a table full of red cups .	what is the color of the cups ?	red
1011	A young man in black puts two shot glasses down on the table .	what does the young man in black put shot down on the table ?	glasses
1011	A young man in black puts two shot glasses down on the table .	how many shot glasses does the young man in black put down on the table ?	two
1011	A young man in black puts two shot glasses down on the table .	what is the color of the man ?	black
1013	A young man in grey bounces a ball on the table and in to one of the cups and celebrates with the young man next to him .	the young man in grey bounces what on the table and in to one of the cups and celebrates with the young man next to him ?	ball
1014	A young man in black bounces a ball toward the cups but misses .	what is the color of the man ?	black
1016	The two men that bounced the balls at the cups clink the shot glasses together and then drink the shot .	the two men clink shot what together and then drink the shot ?	glasses
1016	The two men that bounced the balls at the cups clink the shot glasses together and then drink the shot .	how many men that bounced the balls at the cups clink the shot glasses together and then drink the shot ?	two
1017	A young man in black pats the back of the young man in grey .	what is the color of the man ?	black
1018	The young man in grey drinks from one of the red cups on the table while the young man in black pretends to punch him .	what is the color of the drinks ?	gray
1018	The young man in grey drinks from one of the red cups on the table while the young man in black pretends to punch him .	what is the color of the cups ?	red
1018	The young man in grey drinks from one of the red cups on the table while the young man in black pretends to punch him .	what is the color of the pretends ?	black
1020	The young man in grey and the young man in black fist bump .	what is the color of the man ?	gray
1020	The young man in grey and the young man in black fist bump .	what is the color of the bump ?	black
1022	The yellow team servies the ball and it is hit continually back and forth until the yellow team scores a point .	what does the yellow team servies and it is hit continually back and forth until the yellow team scores a point ?	ball
1022	The yellow team servies the ball and it is hit continually back and forth until the yellow team scores a point .	what is the color of the team ?	yellow
1022	The yellow team servies the ball and it is hit continually back and forth until the yellow team scores a point .	what is the color of the scores ?	yellow
1023	A player on the yellow team falls and the players on each team assist her .	what is the color of the team ?	yellow
1025	Two people proceed to pick her up with the help of a third and take her off the court and lay her down to the side to continue care .	how many people proceed to pick her up with the help of a third and take her off the court and lay her down to the side to continue care ?	two
1026	A man in a red shirt is working out an an exercise machine .	what is the man in a red shirt working out exercise ?	machine
1026	A man in a red shirt is working out an an exercise machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
1027	A woman in a purple shirt walks behind him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
1028	Two people are talking to each other behind him .	how many people are talking to each other behind him ?	two
1030	Two people are then seen walking up to the circle and lead into a wrestling match between the two .	how many people are then seen walking up to the circle and lead into a wrestling match between the two ?	two
1031	One man bows to the other and the winner walks away from the stage .	how many man bows to the other and the winner walks away from the stage ?	one
1032	A lady is blowing leaves off a roof .	what is the lady blowing off a roof ?	leaves
1034	The camera pans down and we see a small boy on the ground below .	what pans down and we see a small boy on the ground below ?	camera
1035	Two people are shown parasailing together across ocean water .	how many people are shown parasailing together across ocean water ?	two
1036	They move their sails around as they go .	what do they move around ?	sails
1037	Two people are seen riding on skis behind a boat with one person having a child on their shoulders .	how many people are seen riding on skis behind a boat with one person having a child on their shoulders ?	two
1042	We see fifteen nine scroll across the screen .	what do we see across the screen ?	scroll
1042	We see fifteen nine scroll across the screen .	how many scroll do we see across the screen ?	nine
1045	We see seventeen nine scroll across the screen .	what do we see across the screen ?	scroll
1045	We see seventeen nine scroll across the screen .	how many scroll do we see across the screen ?	nine
1047	A man in a toga skates on rollerblades in a parking lot .	where does the man skate on rollerblades in a parking lot . ?	toga
1048	A person holding a camera is standing to the side watching the man on rollerblades .	the person holding what is standing to the side watching the man on rollerblades ?	camera
1052	A scuba diver holds onto a rock as he throws a peace sign in the air .	what holds onto the rock as he throws a peace sign in the air ?	diver
1053	The man lets go of the rock and puts up two peace signs in the air .	the man lets go of the rock and puts up how many peace signs in the air ?	two
1054	The man fixes his snorkel and goggles .	the man fixes what and goggles ?	snorkel
1055	Blue lights light up a stage .	what is the color of the lights ?	blue
1056	A man 's silhouette is visible and we see the arena in blue light .	what is the color of the light ?	blue
1057	The man on stage plays lit in a red light .	what is the color of the light ?	red
1067	A man uses a tool to repair individual links of a bike chain .	what does the man use ?	tool
1068	The bike chain is fastened back together on the bike gears using a specialized tool .	what is fastened back together on the bike gears using a specialized tool ?	chain
1072	The man then sharpens the knife on a board on the table as well as on the sharpener .	what does the man then sharpen on a board on the table as well as on the sharpener ?	knife
1077	One of the weightlifters successfully lifts the weight bar high up and then drops it down .	one of the weightlifters successfully lifts what up and then drops it down ?	high
1093	Alexandra Raisman from Massachusetts is seen wearing purple leotards , getting ready to do gymnastics on the horse bar .	what is the color of the leotards ?	purple
1097	She does a final back flip and a front flip and then , gets off the horse bar .	what does she do a final back flip and a front flip and then , gets off ?	bar
1100	The people hit the drums continuously while the camera pans around .	what did the people hit continuously ?	drums
1105	The man is plastering the wall .	what is the man plastering ?	wall
1107	The man cover the wall with pink plaster until the whole wall is covered .	what do the man cover with pink plaster ?	wall
1108	Two people are seen standing in a large gymnasium speaking to one another and leads into them performing a jump roping routine .	how many people are seen standing in the large gymnasium speaking to one another and leads into them performing a jump roping routine ?	two
1111	The man then assembles a torch and begins burning a piece of metal in front of him .	the man then assembles what and begins burning a piece of metal in front of him ?	torch
1113	Two men are standing on the side of the court holding basketball .	how many men are standing on the side of the court holding basketball ?	two
1114	The men are giving interview , talking to the camera , while one man is talking the other man is listening , then vice versa .	the men are giving interview , talking to the camera , while how many man is talking the other man is listening , then vice versa ?	one
1116	As the woman moving the dolphins started to swim with her , the dolphins ' fins are visible as they swim up and down .	what are , fins visible as they swim up and down ?	dolphins
1117	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
1119	We see a title screen and see the lady buy her sunscreen and another title screen .	we see what and see the lady buy her sunscreen and another title screen ?	screen
1124	A woman in lingerie is sitting on a couch waving at the camera .	where is the woman sitting on a couch waving at the camera . ?	lingerie
1127	A person is solving a cube puzzle spinning the pieces to match the colors .	what is the person solving ?	puzzle
1128	When , the person match all the color , points the table and puts the cube puzzle on it .	when , the person match all the color , points the table and puts what on it ?	puzzle
1129	We see a GoPro opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
1133	We see the lady handing a beverage in a can to the cameraman .	where do we see the lady handing a beverage to the cameraman . ?	can
1137	The people crowd around the bull waving sticks and follow the bull around as he gets angry .	what are the people crowd around the bull waving sticks and follow around ?	bull
1138	Another bull is shown and the two fight while the people stand and cheer on the sides .	what is shown and the two fight while the people stand and cheer on the sides ?	bull
1140	The man moves electrical wire handing on the while to plaster around it .	what does the man move handing on the while to plaster around it ?	wire
1142	A man skips on a truck signed with white lines , when he arrives to the third line jumps high and lands in the sandbox .	what is the color of the lines ?	white
1145	They are holding paint guns as they run across the field .	what are they holding ?	guns
1150	A man picks up a ball and puts it behind his neck and throws it onto the field .	the man picks up what and puts it behind his neck and throws it onto the field ?	ball
1151	Another man in a blue shirt picks up a ball and puts it behind his ear and throws it onto the field .	another man in a blue shirt picks up what and puts it behind his ear and throws it onto the field ?	ball
1151	Another man in a blue shirt picks up a ball and puts it behind his ear and throws it onto the field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
1153	The man puts on a white t shirt and puts his arms in the air .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
1154	Another man launches a ball onto the field .	what does another man launch onto the field ?	ball
1156	The woman uses a single pick comb to separate strands of hair .	what does the woman use to separate strands of hair ?	comb
1157	The woman clips back sections of hair .	what back sections of hair ?	clips
1170	One guy kisses his girlfriend on the cheek after the dance is over .	how many guy kisses his girlfriend on the cheek after the dance is over ?	one
1173	Several clips are shown of people playing this game as well as celebrating with team mates .	what are shown of people playing this game as well as celebrating with team mates ?	clips
1178	Two people are holding a tape measure and measure the jump .	how many people are holding the tape measure and measure the jump ?	two
1183	He picks up rocks from around the tree .	what does he pick up from around the tree ?	rocks
1184	There is a white bucket in front of him of bark that he puts around the tree .	what is the color of the bucket ?	white
1185	Two girls are sitting on the porch of a house while shaving their legs .	how many girls are sitting on the porch of a house while shaving their legs ?	two
1199	A black screen with a white title appears .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
1199	A black screen with a white title appears .	what is the color of the title ?	white
1200	A cook is in front of a professional stove putting seasoning into a metal pan and warming a pan over a gas lit blue flame .	what is the color of the flame ?	blue
1204	He rolls the omelet back and forth in the pan .	what does he roll back and forth in the pan ?	omelet
1204	He rolls the omelet back and forth in the pan .	where does he roll the omelet . ?	pan
1205	End black screen and a blue word .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
1205	End black screen and a blue word .	what is the color of the word ?	blue
1210	He then puts the dough in a machine to make spaghetti and then puts them in a plate to present .	he then puts what in a machine and then puts them in a plate to present ?	dough
1214	A person in a red shirt is standing next to the horse .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
1215	A man in a black hat is next to the horse .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
1216	A male gymnast wearing a blue leotard is doing gymnastics on a horse bar .	the male gymnast wearing what is doing gymnastics on a horse bar ?	leotard
1216	A male gymnast wearing a blue leotard is doing gymnastics on a horse bar .	what is the color of the leotard ?	blue
1224	A man plays the violin while the final scene is filmed and everyone is dancing .	what does the man play and everyone is dancing ?	violin
1228	The camera cuts to four other competitors watching .	what cuts to four other competitors watching ?	camera
1229	The camera cuts to a man in white and blue celebrating while holding a flag against his black .	what cuts to the man in white and blue celebrating while holding a flag against his black ?	camera
1229	The camera cuts to a man in white and blue celebrating while holding a flag against his black .	what is the color of the flag ?	black
1233	She holds up her shoe and lights a match over the polish .	she holds up what and lights a match over the polish ?	shoe
1243	The man removes his shirt .	what does the man remove ?	shirt
1252	A man is dancing on a stage in a yellow shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
1255	A horse kicks a man in a red shirt .	what kicks the man in a red shirt ?	horse
1255	A horse kicks a man in a red shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
1256	A girl in a grey shirt gets thrown off a horse .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
1258	A horse tips over backward with a a person on it .	what tips over backward with the a person on it ?	horse
1260	A white horse misses a jump and the person falls off .	what misses the jump and the person falls off ?	horse
1260	A white horse misses a jump and the person falls off .	what is the color of the horse ?	white
1262	A horse gets his head stuck in a garbage can .	what gets his head stuck in a garbage can ?	horse
1269	The man walks the bars , stretches and stands there .	the man walks what , stretches and stands there ?	bars
1270	The man mounts the bars and begins to spin .	the man mounts what and begins to spin ?	bars
1273	A woman talks , then she holds the tube of a vacuum and points the nozzle .	the woman talks , then she holds the tube of a vacuum and points what ?	nozzle
1274	The woman vacuum dirt on a carpet , then she extends the tube while explaining .	what does the woman vacuum dirt on a carpet , then she extend while explaining ?	tube
1275	Then , the woman puts a small nozzle and vacuum a couch , then she explains how to remove the dust container .	then , the woman puts what and vacuum a couch , then she explains how to remove the dust container ?	nozzle
1275	Then , the woman puts a small nozzle and vacuum a couch , then she explains how to remove the dust container .	then , the woman puts a small nozzle and vacuum what , then she explains how to remove the dust container ?	couch
1277	two men are riding horses in a dusty field in mountains .	what are two men riding in a dusty field in mountains ?	horses
1277	two men are riding horses in a dusty field in mountains .	how many men are riding horses in a dusty field in mountains ?	two
1280	A man and a woman are standing in a bar .	where are the man and a woman standing . ?	bar
1284	The camera goes blurry and the scene ends .	what goes blurry and the scene ends ?	camera
1285	A bunch of females are shown playing a water polo match in an indoor pool .	where are the bunch of females shown playing a water polo match . ?	pool
1291	He grabs an ax sitting on the dirt .	what does he grab sitting on the dirt ?	ax
1293	The trunk falls and he picks up one of the halves .	what falls and he picks up one of the halves ?	trunk
1295	He stands the other trunk and cuts it in half .	he stands what and cuts it in half ?	trunk
1296	Two men are standing at the table in arm wrestling position .	how many men are standing at the table in arm wrestling position ?	two
1298	One man without glasses is bending on the side to with his weight .	how many man without glasses is bending on the side to with his weight ?	one
1300	Ladies are standing in a workout room .	where are ladies standing . ?	room
1306	2:43 A man is in the room in the back and bends down .	how many a man is in the room in the back and bends down ?	2:43
1309	Suddenly a horse with a man riding on him quickly starts running and there 's a calf roped to the horse who is running in front of them .	what is suddenly the horse with a man riding on him quickly starts and there 's roped to the horse who is running in front of them ?	calf
1310	The man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up .	the man lassos what , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up ?	calf
1310	The man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up .	the man lassos the calf , jumps off what , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up ?	horse
1310	The man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up .	the man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws what on its side and quickly ties it up ?	calf
1311	The man gets up , walks back to his horse , jumps back on and the horse slowly begins to walk as the calf is trying to stand up .	the man gets up , walks back to his horse , jumps back on and what slowly begins to walk as the calf is trying to stand up ?	horse
1317	We see a person draw on the pumpkin with a black marker .	what is the color of the marker ?	black
1318	We see the finished jack o lantern with a candle in it .	what do we see with a candle in it ?	lantern
1328	A male gymnast in a blue outfit applies chalk dust to his hands .	what is the color of the outfit ?	blue
1338	She throws the ball and again prepares for another throw .	she throws what and again prepares for another throw ?	ball
1340	She performs one last throw and spins herself around once again .	she performs how many last throw and spins herself around once again ?	one
1341	Cotton balls are being set on fire and put out in various ways .	what are being set on fire and put out in various ways ?	balls
1342	An ax is used to put out the fire .	what is used to put out the fire ?	ax
1344	A woman wash the head of a man and cuts his hair , then the woman stands next two man an touch the head of the young man .	how many man does the woman stand next an touch the head of the young man ?	two
1349	People walk in the hallways of a hospital , then a doctor reviews the injured leg of a man leaving green sparkles on the leg and a machine .	what is the color of the sparkles ?	green
1350	Then , the man makes a call and leaves green sparkles on the phone that it is passes to the hand of a nurse that grabs the phone .	what is the color of the sparkles ?	green
1351	After the nurse enters to visit a a sick man as well two doctors who carry green sparkles on their hands that leaves on the sick man .	after the nurse enters to visit a a sick man as well how many doctors who carry green sparkles on their hands that leaves on the sick man ?	two
1351	After the nurse enters to visit a a sick man as well two doctors who carry green sparkles on their hands that leaves on the sick man .	what is the color of the sparkles ?	green
1356	An athlete prepares to perform long jump in a stadium full of people , then a white male runs and jumps high to land in the sand .	what is the color of the male ?	white
1357	Also , three black males runs fast and jump high to perform long jump .	also , how many black males runs fast and jump high to perform long jump ?	three
1357	Also , three black males runs fast and jump high to perform long jump .	what is the color of the males ?	black
1358	Also , a white male perform long jump , as well two black men do long jumps .	what is the color of the male ?	white
1358	Also , a white male perform long jump , as well two black men do long jumps .	what is the color of the men ?	black
1360	A black male jumps high happy a runs celebrating his triumph .	what is the color of the male ?	black
1361	A screen appears with instructions how to attach an InStep bike trailer .	what appears with instructions how to attach an instep bike trailer ?	screen
1364	Two toddlers are sitting in a bike trailer , while the man attach the safety belts .	how many toddlers are sitting in the bike trailer , while the man attach the safety belts ?	two
1369	The same clip is replayed over and over at slower speeds to better understand the trick .	what is replayed over and over at slower speeds to better understand the trick ?	clip
1371	Two more tricks are demonstrated by the duo and finally showed at a slowed down pace .	how many more tricks are demonstrated by the duo and finally showed at a slowed down pace ?	two
1375	We see an opening screen on white .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
1387	The girl finishes the song and lowers the flute .	the girl finishes the song and lowers what ?	flute
1388	Two men plays foosball in an arena with two referees standing near by watching the fame .	how many men plays foosball in an arena with two referees standing near by watching the fame ?	two
1392	We see the man in black speaking with the people behind him before the men return to the game .	what is the color of the speaking ?	black
1393	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
1394	Two people climb a rock climbing wall at night in front of a narrow pool of water surrounding by a crowd of onlookers .	two people climb what climbing wall at night in front of a narrow pool of water surrounding by a crowd of onlookers ?	rock
1394	Two people climb a rock climbing wall at night in front of a narrow pool of water surrounding by a crowd of onlookers .	how many people climb the rock climbing wall at night in front of a narrow pool of water surrounding by a crowd of onlookers ?	two
1395	The two people climb slowly up the wall , when over midway up , the person on the left falls from the wall and into the water below .	how many people climb slowly up the wall , when over midway up ?	two
1396	In the same setting , but now during the daytime , a lone person wearing skis catapults through the air past the rock climbing wall and lands in the water below .	in the same setting , but now during the daytime , a lone person wearing what catapults through the air past the rock climbing wall and lands in the water below ?	skis
1399	A young man pulls a wheel out and shows the proper structure of a wheel .	the young man pulls what out and shows the proper structure of a wheel ?	wheel
1403	The sink is shown again by itself followed by water dripping down .	what is shown again by itself followed by water dripping down ?	sink
1404	We see a lady taking in a room and touching her hair .	where do we see a lady taking and touching her hair . ?	room
1408	The lady sections her hair and adds product .	the lady sections her hair and adds what ?	product
1417	They show a camp site with a tent .	what do they show with a tent ?	site
1418	They put a cloth into the bucket .	what did they put into the bucket ?	cloth
1419	There are two men playing table tennis in an indoor stadium .	how many men are there playing table tennis in an indoor stadium ?	two
1420	One of the players is wearing blue and the other player is in a red shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
1421	There is a person dressed in a black shirt seated near the players .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
1424	The player in the red shirt misses the ball and gives his opponent a winning point .	the player in the red shirt misses what and gives his opponent a winning point ?	ball
1424	The player in the red shirt misses the ball and gives his opponent a winning point .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
1425	The player in blue cheers loudly after his winning point and breaks into a dance .	what is the color of the cheers ?	blue
1428	The man dressed on black shows the score .	what is the color of the man ?	black
1435	As the camera walks , it was showing the well maintained hedges , at the center of two hedges is a narrow path leading to a wider field surrounded by more hedges .	, it was showing the well maintained what , at the center of two hedges is a narrow path leading to a wider field surrounded by more hedges ?	hedges
1436	On one side of the hedge is a man in black shirt , he is standing on a ladder , he is trimming the hedges .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
1438	Five products are aligned on a table , illustrating the products needed to shave .	what are aligned on the table , illustrating the products needed to shave ?	products
1438	Five products are aligned on a table , illustrating the products needed to shave .	how many products are aligned on the table , illustrating the products needed to shave ?	five
1439	A young white male walks into the bathroom , turns on the water and begins to rub his beard .	what is the color of the male ?	white
1441	Next comes the brush and he adds some white cream to it to lather up his hair .	what is the color of the cream ?	white
1443	For the finishing touches , lotion is added and the man is now dressed in a suit ready to go .	what is for the finishing touches , added and the man is now dressed in a suit ready to go ?	lotion
1456	a calm green grassy field is behind the man wearinf stilts .	what is the calm green grassy field behind the man ?	stilts
1457	man is wearing white sweater and stilts and is in a green grassy park .	what is the color of the park ?	green
1458	A blindfolded man wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a punching bag while many watch him on the sides .	the blindfolded man wearing boxing what is seen hitting a punching bag while many watch him on the sides ?	gloves
1468	A man is placing tiles on the floor .	what is the man placing on the floor ?	tiles
1472	A girl is giving a small dog a bath .	what is the girl giving a small dog ?	bath
1473	She has an orange bottle in her hand .	what is the color of the bottle ?	orange
1474	The outro screen appears and it 's exactly like the white intro screen .	what appears and it 's exactly like the white intro screen ?	screen
1474	The outro screen appears and it 's exactly like the white intro screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
1475	There are people throwing balls to each other in the pool .	there are people throwing what to each other in the pool ?	balls
1478	people are in sidewalk watching the girl walks .	where are people watching the girl walks . ?	sidewalk
1479	woman is in a restaurant wearing a bikini and two aiter are watching her .	how many aiter are watching her ?	two
1481	A little girl is putting makeup on her face .	what is the little girl putting on her face ?	makeup
1495	More pictures are shown of trucks parked as well as logos .	what are shown of trucks parked as well as logos ?	pictures
1498	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
1499	Tools sit on a table and we see a person unpack a bike and assemble it .	what sit on the table and we see a person unpack a bike and assemble it ?	tools
1503	We then see the finished bike .	what do we then see ?	bicycle
1507	Also people rides motorcycles on an unpaved flat surface .	what did also people rid on an unpaved flat surface ?	motorcycles
1509	Then the little girl jumps , flip and dives in the swimming pool .	where does then the little girl jump , flip and dives . ?	pool
1510	People are in the swimming pool .	where are people . ?	pool
1518	One man adds water into a container while another watches .	how many man adds water into a container while another watches ?	one
1519	The first man pours the cement mix into the container .	what does the first man pour into the container ?	mix
1522	Opening credits show the description of the video .	what show the description of the video ?	credits
1526	There 's a man in a white shirt standing in an open field doing a tutorial for Expert Village on how to play lacrosse .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
1532	Eventually all the bumper cars come to a complete stop and the ride is over .	eventually what come to a complete stop and the ride is over ?	cars
1533	Ingredients are sitting on a wooden block .	what are sitting on the wooden block ?	ingredients
1537	Two women in gym exercise pants ride on stationary bikes in a gym together .	how many women in gym exercise pants ride on stationary bikes in a gym together ?	two
1547	She is demonstrating the dumbbells that she will be using .	what is she demonstrating ?	dumbbells
1548	She then demonstrates the exercise bike and continues to bike along with some other women at the gym .	she then demonstrates exercise what and continues to bike along with some other women at the gym ?	bicycle
1553	The man lets go , and grabs her jacket again .	the man lets , and grabs what again ?	jacket
1555	The man lefts go and grabs the jacket again .	the man lefts go and grabs what again ?	jacket
1560	He flips the clothes over and irons the other side .	he flips what over and irons the other side ?	clothes
1561	A boy in an orange shirt is standing in a room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
1561	A boy in an orange shirt is standing in a room .	where is the boy in an orange shirt standing . ?	room
1563	The punching bag moves in the air .	what moves in the air ?	bag
1564	A circle is formed of several children who are talking and banging each other in the head with foam mallets .	what is formed of several children who are talking and banging each other in the head with foam mallets ?	circle
1571	Two people get inside of the ring and begin fighting .	how many people get inside of the ring and begin fighting ?	two
1572	The two people grab each other 's necks and try to knock their opponent down to the ground .	how many people grab each other 's necks and try to knock their opponent down to the ground ?	two
1573	The camera captures a close up of an older woman putting makeup on and smacking her lips to the camera .	what captures the close up of an older woman putting makeup on and smacking her lips to the camera ?	camera
1574	She then puts mascara on as well as more lipstick and nods her head back and fourth smiling .	she then puts mascara on as well as what and nods her head back and fourth smiling ?	lipstick
1575	A man wearing a white hat is demonstrating how to make a Caribbean drink .	the man wearing what is demonstrating how to make a caribbean drink ?	hat
1575	A man wearing a white hat is demonstrating how to make a Caribbean drink .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
1576	He shows a bowl filled with citrus fruits .	what does he show filled with citrus fruits ?	bowl
1579	He then empties the juice a large cocktail bowl .	what does he then empty ?	juice
1580	He adds rum to the juice along with some vanilla extract .	what does he add ?	rum
1581	He also mixes in sugar and rum and whisks the drink .	he also mixes in sugar and rum and whisks what ?	drink
1585	The girl then hits the ball all around the yard while the camera follows .	what does the girl then hit all around the yard ?	ball
1590	Several people riding bulls are throw to the ground while other people distract the bulls that jumps and kicks .	several people riding what are throw to the ground while other people distract the bulls that jumps and kicks ?	bulls
1591	Two very large sumos are in an elevated circle doing leg warm ups and squatting while another man in the middle dressed in Japanese garb referees .	how many very large sumos are in an elevated circle doing leg warm ups and squatting while another man in the middle dressed in japanese garb referees ?	two
1595	She pours the bowl into a bucket on the ground .	what does she pour into a bucket on the ground ?	bowl
1597	She moves the bucket up to the front of the classroom and dumps it out .	she moves what up to the front of the classroom and dumps it out ?	bucket
1599	The man then demonstrates several moves with the tennis racket and hitting the ball to another .	what does the man then demonstrate several moves with the tennis racket and hitting to another ?	ball
1600	The two continuously hit the ball back and fourth to one another .	the two continuously hit what back and fourth to one another ?	ball
1601	A woman is sitting down wearing green sunglasses .	what is the color of the sunglasses ?	green
1603	She is riding in a car .	where is she riding . ?	car
1613	The man with the mallet and the man with the red hat run back and forth .	what is the color of the hat ?	red
1614	A man with a blue shirt runs toward home plate .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
1623	The man and the girl add bulbs to the tree .	what do the man and the girl add to the tree ?	bulbs
1624	The lady goes up and own the stairs .	the lady goes up and own what ?	stairs
1625	The lady adds ornaments to the tree .	what does the lady add to the tree ?	ornaments
1626	The man stands on a ladder and adds ornaments .	the man stands on a ladder and adds what ?	ornaments
1634	The lady raises her foot and shows off her sock .	the lady raises her foot and shows off what ?	sock
1638	Two people are seen doing a ballet dance on stage followed by a woman doing a dance while others watch on the side .	how many people are seen doing the ballet dance on stage followed by a woman doing a dance while others watch on the side ?	two
1640	A black dog walks on a lawn .	what walks on the lawn ?	dog
1640	A black dog walks on a lawn .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
1643	A white ball rolls to a parked car .	what rolls to the parked car ?	ball
1643	A white ball rolls to a parked car .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
1645	She then shows off various cleaning tools an rubs them along a chair .	what does she then show off cleaning an rubs them along a chair ?	tools
1646	She brings the chair inside and pours paint into a bucket and paints along the side .	she brings what inside and pours paint into a bucket and paints along the side ?	chair
1646	She brings the chair inside and pours paint into a bucket and paints along the side .	she brings the chair inside and pours what into a bucket and paints along the side ?	paint
1647	She shows off the chair outside again while speaking to the camera .	what does she show off outside again ?	chair
1649	A clip begins and it features people running and the words on the screen say they are novices who are training to run a marathon in Tel Aviv , Israel .	what begins and it features people running and the words on the screen say they are novices who are training to run a marathon in tel aviv , israel ?	clip
1651	The last clip is the view from the start of a marathon and hundreds of people start running as they leave the start line .	what is the view from the start of a marathon and hundreds of people start running as they leave the start line ?	clip
1653	she opens her mirror cabinet and takes her lipstick out .	she opens what and takes her lipstick out ?	cabinet
1655	Then she uses the same lipstick and dabs it on her cheeks .	then she uses what and dabs it on her cheeks ?	lipstick
1658	A toddler is holding a leaf blower .	what is the toddler holding ?	blower
1662	More clips are shown of people riding around the water in a kayak .	what are shown of people riding around the water in a kayak ?	clips
1667	He lassos and ropes a calf .	what does he lasso and ropes ?	calf
1668	He then jumps down and ties the calf .	he then jumps down and ties what ?	calf
1678	Then he starts playing the piano and she plays the clarinet along with the piano , when she 's done everyone claps for her .	what does then he start and she plays along with the piano , when she 's done everyone claps for her ?	clarinet
1680	The man pushes the machine along some tall grass while the camera follows his movements .	what does the man push along some tall grass ?	machine
1682	The white rabbit is in the cage .	what is in the cage ?	rabbit
1682	The white rabbit is in the cage .	what is the color of the rabbit ?	white
1682	The white rabbit is in the cage .	where is the white rabbit . ?	cage
1683	The rabbit is cleaning its hands by licking it .	what is cleaning its hands by licking it ?	rabbit
1684	The rabbit cleaned his back and then wend down to the first floor of his cage .	what cleaned his back and then wend down to the first floor of his cage ?	rabbit
1687	Two teams play soccer in an indoor soccer court , the team wearing white t-shirt wins the competition .	how many teams play soccer in an indoor soccer court , the team wearing white t-shirt wins the competition ?	two
1687	Two teams play soccer in an indoor soccer court , the team wearing white t-shirt wins the competition .	what is the color of the wins ?	white
1689	Other teams plays soccer , a player with white uniform receives a ball and score .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
1690	Two teams play soccer , and the player with the yellow uniform scores .	how many teams play soccer , and the player with the yellow uniform scores ?	two
1690	Two teams play soccer , and the player with the yellow uniform scores .	what is the color of the scores ?	yellow
1691	Two team of girls compete , a girl with red uniform scores and the team wins .	how many team of girls compete ?	two
1691	Two team of girls compete , a girl with red uniform scores and the team wins .	what is the color of the scores ?	red
1692	Then , a player with a white uniform scores with a spectacular movement .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
1693	A special effect intro appears and a blue word appears in the middle of the screen and say 's `` Howcast '' .	what is the color of the word ?	blue
1703	Two men do maneuvers on a canoe pivoting the canoe helping with the paddlers .	how many men do maneuvers on a canoe pivoting the canoe helping with the paddlers ?	two
1705	After , the men slides the canoe forward using the oars to advance .	what does after , the men slide ?	canoe
1713	He continues painting around the area while the camera pans around his movements .	what does he continue around the area ?	painting
1716	She then holds up a contact lens and puts one in her eye .	she then holds up contact what and puts one in her eye ?	lens
1723	The cars bump into each other as they drive around .	what bump into each other as they drive around ?	cars
1733	The girl removes the ankle braces from the horse .	what does the girl remove from the horse ?	braces
1734	The girl wraps up the braces together an puts them away .	what does the girl wrap up ?	braces
1735	A horse sticks his head out from a stable and a man watches .	what sticks his head out from a stable and a man watches ?	horse
1737	The different throws show different block types .	what do the different throws show ?	types
1740	A small dog is seen wearing an outfit and walking on two legs while people stand around him and watch .	what is seen wearing an outfit and walking on two legs while people stand around him and watch ?	dog
1741	The dog continues walking around and looking around as people watch .	what continues walking around and looking around as people watch ?	dog
1747	The woman is now sitting in a green floating donut , still holding the mic , and still talking .	what is the color of the donut ?	green
1748	A white screen appears appears with a maroon and white logo , then it changes to another white screen that has a blue website in the middle of it .	what appears appears with a maroon and white logo , then it changes to another white screen that has a blue website in the middle of it ?	screen
1748	A white screen appears appears with a maroon and white logo , then it changes to another white screen that has a blue website in the middle of it .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
1748	A white screen appears appears with a maroon and white logo , then it changes to another white screen that has a blue website in the middle of it .	what is the color of the logo ?	white
1748	A white screen appears appears with a maroon and white logo , then it changes to another white screen that has a blue website in the middle of it .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
1748	A white screen appears appears with a maroon and white logo , then it changes to another white screen that has a blue website in the middle of it .	what is the color of the website ?	blue
1749	A gymnast wearing a blue outfit climes onto the a balance beam and performs a hand stand with a split in a competition in front of a huge American flag .	what is the color of the outfit ?	blue
1756	A person skis quickly down a snow covered hill .	what quickly down the snow covered hill ?	skis
1756	A person skis quickly down a snow covered hill .	the person skis quickly down a snow covered what ?	hill
1760	Two men are shown sitting in the boat , before cutting back to the turbulent water skiing .	how many men are shown sitting in the boat , before cutting back to the turbulent water skiing ?	two
1760	Two men are shown sitting in the boat , before cutting back to the turbulent water skiing .	where are two men shown sitting , before cutting back to the turbulent water skiing . ?	boat
1763	A group of fish swim around in the ocean floor .	where do the group of fish swim around . ?	floor
1764	A long yellow fish passes the camera .	what passes the camera ?	fish
1764	A long yellow fish passes the camera .	what does the long yellow fish pass ?	camera
1764	A long yellow fish passes the camera .	what is the color of the fish ?	yellow
1767	The scuba divers dive , looking at the fish and waving at the camera .	what divers dive , looking at the fish and waving at the camera ?	scuba
1767	The scuba divers dive , looking at the fish and waving at the camera .	what did the scuba divers , ?	dive
1773	The Sri Lanka team is represented by the blue uniform .	what is the color of the uniform ?	blue
1774	The batsman scores four runs as the bowler throws an overhand ball .	what does the batsman scores four runs as the bowler throw ?	ball
1774	The batsman scores four runs as the bowler throws an overhand ball .	how many runs does the batsman scores as the bowler throw an overhand ball ?	four
1776	The stadium is filled with spectators cheering for the cricketers .	what is filled with spectators cheering for the cricketers ?	stadium
1777	The match goes on full swing as the batsmen score four runs .	the match goes on full swing as the batsmen score how many runs ?	four
1779	A camera is held by someone under water and swimming in the ocean .	what is held by someone under water and swimming in the ocean ?	camera
1780	It pans to several shots of men playing soccer on a beach and kick the ball around .	it pans to several shots of men and kick what around ?	ball
1781	The camera pans over the ball followed by several more shots of the man playing .	what pans over the ball followed by several more shots of the man playing ?	camera
1782	A woman and a man practice kick box in a gym where also other people train , then he woman talks .	what do the woman and a man practice kick in a gym ?	box
1782	A woman and a man practice kick box in a gym where also other people train , then he woman talks .	where do the woman and a man practice kick box where also other people train , then he woman talks . ?	gym
1783	A cars run in a city with a soldier holding a weapon , a family in the street , people walking and car sit o the curve .	what run in the city with a soldier holding a weapon , a family in the street , people walking and car sit o the curve ?	cars
1783	A cars run in a city with a soldier holding a weapon , a family in the street , people walking and car sit o the curve .	where do the cars run in a city with a soldier holding a weapon , a family sit o the curve . ?	car
1790	They start by making smoothies and read ingredients from coconut sugar .	they start by making smoothies and read what from coconut sugar ?	ingredients
1792	A man and a woman are drinking coffee outside next to a camper .	what are the man and a woman drinking outside next to a camper ?	coffee
1793	The man is playing guitar .	what is the man playing ?	guitar
1803	The person turns around walks out of view .	what around walks out of view ?	turns
1807	Two young men are shown running back and fourth down a court hitting a tennis ball .	how many young men are shown running back and fourth down the court hitting a tennis ball ?	two
1809	One pauses and hits the ball on his racket and again throws it for the boys to play .	one pauses and hits what on his racket and again throws it for the boys to play ?	ball
1811	A woman talks to the camera while bathing a baby in the bathtub .	where does the woman talk to the camera while bathing a baby . ?	bathtub
1814	One man is explaining to another man how to use a rowing machine .	how many man is explaining to another man how to use a rowing machine ?	one
1820	A man in a blue shirt claps .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
1821	This baby hits the ball and falls down .	this baby hits what and falls down ?	ball
1822	Then he gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again .	then he gets back up and grabs what ?	stick
1823	Next he falls again and gets back up while holding the stick and he grabs the ball hitting it really far .	next he falls again and gets back up while holding the stick and he grabs what hitting it really far ?	ball
1830	More , less successful dives are shown near the end of the clip before the scene fades to black .	what is the color of the scene ?	black
1834	People are riding bicycles around a dirt track .	what are people riding around a dirt track ?	bicycles
1835	Two men crash into each other and fall down .	how many men crash into each other and fall down ?	two
1842	She opens a cigarette case and smokes a cigarette while she talks .	she opens what and smokes a cigarette while she talks ?	case
1842	She opens a cigarette case and smokes a cigarette while she talks .	she opens a cigarette case and smokes what ?	cigarette
1846	A woman wearing light blue tank top and black shorts is exercising on an elliptical .	what is the color of the tank ?	blue
1848	She then finishes her exercise routine , gets off the equipment and takes a drink of water from a blue water bottle .	she then finishes her exercise routine , gets off what and takes a drink of water from a blue water bottle ?	equipment
1848	She then finishes her exercise routine , gets off the equipment and takes a drink of water from a blue water bottle .	what is the color of the bottle ?	blue
1850	We see two opening title screens .	what do we see ?	screens
1850	We see two opening title screens .	how many opening title screens do we see ?	two
1853	the man adds three shots to the glass and shakes it .	the man adds how many shots to the glass and shakes it ?	three
1854	The man puts a strainer on the glass and pours the ice out of the martini glass .	the man puts what on the glass and pours the ice out of the martini glass ?	strainer
1855	The man pours the lime green drink in the martini glass and adds a cherry and straw .	the man pours what in the martini glass and adds a cherry and straw ?	drink
1855	The man pours the lime green drink in the martini glass and adds a cherry and straw .	what is the color of the drink ?	green
1856	We see the closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
1857	An elderly man is setting up his camera and then goes off to get on his riding mower .	an elderly man is setting up what and then goes off to get on his riding mower ?	camera
1864	She applies a plethora of ornaments and lights , and the tree is shown several different states of decoration .	what does she apply a plethora of ornaments and lights , and is shown several different states of decoration ?	tree
1865	a little boy is riding inline skates down a driveway .	what is the little boy riding down a driveway ?	skates
1871	The man in sandals hit the black ball and then it is once again the woman 's turn .	what did the man in sandals hit and then it is once again the woman 's turn ?	ball
1871	The man in sandals hit the black ball and then it is once again the woman 's turn .	what is the color of the ball ?	black
1879	A bike company is showing off their bikes and how to fix them .	what is showing off their bikes and how to fix them ?	company
1879	A bike company is showing off their bikes and how to fix them .	the bike company is showing off what and how to fix them ?	bicycles
1882	A person with gloves then shows off some tools and paste .	the person with gloves then shows off what and paste ?	tools
1885	The ending screen shows the bike company 's logo again .	what shows the bike company 's logo again ?	screen
1885	The ending screen shows the bike company 's logo again .	what does the ending screen show logo again ?	company
1886	A person in Blue pants attemps to pile drive a guy in a pink suit .	what is the color of the pants ?	blue
1889	One person crashes into another and shows a person speaking to the camera .	how many person crashes into another and shows a person speaking to the camera ?	one
1890	More clips are shown of the boats together and logos being shown .	what are shown of the boats together and logos being shown ?	clips
1894	There are five ladies playing shuffleboard in an indoor shuffleboard court .	how many ladies are there playing shuffleboard in an indoor shuffleboard court ?	five
1895	There are three women in green and two women dressed in cream colored shirts playing against each other .	how many women are there in green and two women dressed in cream colored shirts playing against each other ?	three
1896	A lady from the green team begins to aim the stick to hit the puck while another team member helps her rearrange the pucks .	what is the color of the team ?	green
1900	Then another player from the green team comes forward to play .	what is the color of the team ?	green
1901	A man is wearing an apron and standing in his kitchen .	what is the man wearing and standing in his kitchen ?	apron
1901	A man is wearing an apron and standing in his kitchen .	where is the man wearing an apron and standing . ?	kitchen
1903	A white bowl is filled with sugar , eggs , and peanut butter , then blended .	what is filled with sugar , eggs , and peanut butter , then blended ?	bowl
1903	A white bowl is filled with sugar , eggs , and peanut butter , then blended .	what is the color of the bowl ?	white
1907	She holds up a hair curler and puts it in her hair .	she holds up what and puts it in her hair ?	curler
1911	Two men are sailing on the blue water , with their white boat with white flags , then they avoided the buoys on the water .	how many men are sailing on the blue water , with their white boat with white flags ?	two
1911	Two men are sailing on the blue water , with their white boat with white flags , then they avoided the buoys on the water .	what is the color of the water ?	blue
1911	Two men are sailing on the blue water , with their white boat with white flags , then they avoided the buoys on the water .	what is the color of the boat ?	white
1911	Two men are sailing on the blue water , with their white boat with white flags , then they avoided the buoys on the water .	what is the color of the flags ?	white
1912	A plan written on a white paper with black pen , and then the plan is put into action , when the white boat sail on the water and turn around .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
1912	A plan written on a white paper with black pen , and then the plan is put into action , when the white boat sail on the water and turn around .	what is the color of the pen ?	black
1912	A plan written on a white paper with black pen , and then the plan is put into action , when the white boat sail on the water and turn around .	what is the color of the boat ?	white
1921	A camera pans around a snowy roof and leads into a man pushing snow off of a roof and onto the ground below .	what pans around the snowy roof and leads into a man pushing snow off of a roof and onto the ground below ?	camera
1924	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
1928	A large dog walks through the room .	what walks through the room ?	dog
1930	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
1934	A black screen is visible and white words begin to appear .	what is visible and white words begin to appear ?	screen
1934	A black screen is visible and white words begin to appear .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
1934	A black screen is visible and white words begin to appear .	what is the color of the words ?	white
1936	The boys form a circle and begin leaning to the left in a lounge position to exercise .	the boys form what and begin leaning to the left in a lounge position to exercise ?	circle
1937	When they are finished , they begin pulling tug of war and the man on the left side with black suit wins .	what is the color of the wins ?	black
1943	A man in blue enters the room .	what does the man in blue enter ?	room
1946	There are three young men in a house .	how many young men are there in a house ?	three
1946	There are three young men in a house .	where are three young men . ?	house
1948	And there are two other men who are staring at him while he eats .	how many other men are and there who are staring at him while he eats ?	two
1952	He slices some ham and makes two toasts in a toaster .	he slices what and makes two toasts in a toaster ?	ham
1952	He slices some ham and makes two toasts in a toaster .	he slices some ham and makes how many toasts in a toaster ?	two
1953	Then he puts mayonnaise on the bread and tops it with the meat , lettuce and tomato .	then he puts what on the bread and tops it with the meat , lettuce and tomato ?	mayonnaise
1955	Then he offers the sandwich plate to the man seated on the couch eating the Doritos .	what does then he offer to the man seated on the couch eating the doritos ?	plate
1957	A person retrieves an instrument from a closet .	what does the person retrieve from a closet ?	instrument
1961	The man finishes the song and lowers the instrument .	the man finishes the song and lowers what ?	instrument
1962	Two little girls take pack a suitcase and take a trip to New York City .	how many little girls take pack the suitcase and take a trip to new york city ?	two
1963	Two little girls stand in a room dressed in costumes that later morph into ballerina outfits .	how many little girls stand in the room dressed in costumes that later morph into ballerina outfits ?	two
1964	The two girls begin to dance together while singing or speaking into the camera .	how many girls begin to dance together while singing or speaking into the camera ?	two
1965	The trip ends and the two girls run into a building and then sing together on the edge of a water fountain before running off .	how many girls run into the building and then sing together on the edge of a water fountain before running off ?	two
1971	Two men hunt and shoot a buffalo in a sandy , desert like setting .	how many men hunt and shoot the buffalo in a sandy , desert like setting ?	two
1972	A room filled with stuffed and hunted animals displays in a room with many of them mounted on walls .	what filled with stuffed and hunted animals displays in a room with many of them mounted on walls ?	room
1973	Two brown buffalos are standing next to each other on a sandy ground in extremely windy weather .	what are standing next to each other on a sandy ground in extremely windy weather ?	buffalos
1973	Two brown buffalos are standing next to each other on a sandy ground in extremely windy weather .	how many brown buffalos are standing next to each other on a sandy ground in extremely windy weather ?	two
1973	Two brown buffalos are standing next to each other on a sandy ground in extremely windy weather .	what is the color of the buffalos ?	brown
1974	Two men watch the two buffalos from a distance with weapons mounted aiming to shoot as a camera man stands behind them filming the incident .	how many men watch the two buffalos from a distance with weapons mounted aiming to shoot as a camera man stands behind them filming the incident ?	two
1975	One of the buffalos is shot by an yellow tipped weapon while walking away .	what is the color of the while ?	yellow
1978	A lake is seen with the view of a city skyline across the way .	what is seen with the view of a city skyline across the way ?	lake
1982	A spade gardening tool is used to break up ice .	what is used to break up ice ?	tool
1984	Two people are seen passing a ball back and fourth in a pool and leads into one speaking to the camera .	how many people are seen passing the ball back and fourth in a pool and leads into one speaking to the camera ?	two
1986	A young woman uses hair products on and blow dries her hair straight with a dryer that has a comb attached to the end of it .	what does the young woman use on and blow dries her hair straight with a dryer that has a comb attached to the end of it ?	products
1991	A black intro screen with white words appear and it notes the location , the people , and the cake they are going to make .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
1991	A black intro screen with white words appear and it notes the location , the people , and the cake they are going to make .	what is the color of the words ?	white
1994	The credits then begin to scroll from bottom to top on a black screen with white letters .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
1994	The credits then begin to scroll from bottom to top on a black screen with white letters .	what is the color of the letters ?	white
2002	Then , the woman adds syrup in the glass using a measure cup .	what does then , the woman add in the glass using a measure cup ?	syrup
2003	After , the woman add liquid to the glass , then pours the it in a black cup .	what is the color of the cup ?	black
2003	After , the woman add liquid to the glass , then pours the it in a black cup .	where do after , the woman add liquid to the glass , then pours the it . ?	cup
2005	Two men are doing martial arts with others around them watching .	how many men are doing martial arts with others around them watching ?	two
2020	Three boys in a grass covered back yard take turns playing a game of cricket on the lawn .	how many boys in a grass covered back yard take turns playing a game of cricket on the lawn ?	three
2025	He walks along the track after being finished .	what does he walk along after being finished ?	track
2028	Three men wearing snowboards get out a ski lift , and a man tie his shoe .	three men wearing what get out a ski lift , and a man tie his shoe ?	snowboards
2028	Three men wearing snowboards get out a ski lift , and a man tie his shoe .	what are three men wearing snowboards get out a ski lift , and a man tie ?	shoe
2028	Three men wearing snowboards get out a ski lift , and a man tie his shoe .	how many men is wearing snowboards get out a ski lift ?	three
2029	Then , the men ski down a hill covered with snow .	then , the men ski down what covered with snow ?	hill
2031	A man plays the bagpipes on stage while wearing a Scottish skirt .	what does the man play on stage ?	bagpipes
2032	Then , the man ends playing and holds the bagpipes on his left arm .	then , the man ends playing and holds what on his left arm ?	bagpipes
2034	The camera pans out to give a full view of her cutting the grass .	what pans out to give the full view of her cutting the grass ?	camera
2036	The camera goes back to a close up of the grass and the video ends .	what goes back to the close up of the grass and the video ends ?	camera
2037	A camera pans around several wooded areas and leads into a boy holding a leaf blower and smiling to the camera .	what pans around several wooded areas and leads into a boy holding a leaf blower and smiling to the camera ?	camera
2038	The camera pans to an older man and then back to the boys blowing leaves .	what pans to an older man and then back to the boys blowing leaves ?	camera
2039	A man in green trunks throws a man in red trunks in a wrestling ring .	what is the color of the trunks ?	green
2039	A man in green trunks throws a man in red trunks in a wrestling ring .	what is the color of the trunks ?	red
2040	The man in green trunks rolls out of the ring .	what is the color of the trunks ?	green
2041	The man in green trunks spears the other man .	what is the color of the trunks ?	green
2042	The man in green trunks power bombs the other man .	what is the color of the trunks ?	green
2043	The man in green trunks pins the other man and wins the match .	what is the color of the trunks ?	green
2046	First a screen is shown , showing what song the man will be playing using the guitar .	what is first shown , showing what song the man will be playing using the guitar ?	screen
2053	After , the man plyas the harmonica .	what does after , the man plyas ?	harmonica
2056	One side pulls the others down and the rest of the team cheer while the camera pans around .	how many side pulls the others down ?	one
2057	The video shows two countries represented by blue and green uniforms playing the game of cricket professionally .	how many countries does the video show represented by blue and green uniforms playing the game of cricket professionally ?	two
2059	The next scene shows a team of cricketers wearing white uniforms getting ready to play as they gather in a circle with their captain .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	white
2064	An intro screen of clouds appear and the blue words across it say `` HOOKAH TRICK MONTAGE HD '' .	what is the color of the words ?	blue
2065	When the clips are done a black screen appears and blue letters appear and it say 's `` Thanks for watching '' .	what appears and blue letters appear and it say 's `` thanks for watching '' ?	screen
2065	When the clips are done a black screen appears and blue letters appear and it say 's `` Thanks for watching '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
2065	When the clips are done a black screen appears and blue letters appear and it say 's `` Thanks for watching '' .	what is the color of the letters ?	blue
2066	A boy is in a bumper car , spinning around by himself .	where is the boy , spinning around by himself . ?	car
2067	He moves back and forward in his car .	where does he move . ?	car
2077	They then sand the floors .	what does they then sand ?	floors
2078	We see the title on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
2091	The boy almost drops the axe .	what does the boy almost drop ?	axe
2096	A man in a blue polo speaks to the camera .	what is the color of the polo ?	blue
2101	The first tire is taken off and replaced , but nothing else is done .	what is taken off and replaced , but nothing else is done ?	tire
2103	Two men are playing a game of darts .	how many men are playing the game of darts ?	two
2104	We see the camera operator .	what do we see ?	operator
2105	We see a man up close in the camera .	where do we see a man . ?	camera
2111	Two dodgeball teams play against each other in an interior gym surrounded by onlookers in bleachers .	how many dodgeball teams play against each other in an interior gym surrounded by onlookers in bleachers ?	two
2116	The camera pans to two tubers who are waiting to go down themselves .	what pans to two tubers who are waiting to go down themselves ?	camera
2117	The next two people ride down the slide .	how many people ride down the slide ?	two
2124	Finally , a ball is thrown correctly and the man congratulates him .	what is finally , thrown correctly and the man congratulates him ?	ball
2125	People are working out in a room .	where are people working out . ?	room
2126	They are stepping up and down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
2129	A woman is standing in front of him and flies the kite after .	the woman is standing in front of him and flies what after ?	kite
2130	The kite is shown in the sky .	what is shown in the sky ?	kite
2139	We see the white title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2139	We see the white title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
2142	The bartender puts two cards on the bar .	how many cards does the bartender put on the bar ?	two
2143	They push their cards and drink beer , then pull cards and drink beer .	they push their cards and drink what , then pull cards and drink beer ?	beer
2143	They push their cards and drink beer , then pull cards and drink beer .	they push their cards and drink beer , then pull cards and drink what ?	beer
2144	The bartender spits the beer back in the glass .	what does the bartender spit back in the glass ?	beer
2146	We see the end title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2149	They are remodeling the floor from carpet to wood floors .	what are they remodeling from carpet to wood floors ?	floor
2150	Once the floor is done they bring back all the furniture .	what do they bring back ?	furniture
2153	There 's a group of rafters wearing yellow vests going on an adventure .	what is the color of the vests ?	yellow
2154	They are rowing the raft through the river as the turbulent waves gush towards their raft .	what are they rowing through the river ?	raft
2156	The rafters stay afloat despite the turbulent and agitated waves of the river .	what stay afloat despite the turbulent and agitated waves of the river ?	rafters
2158	The rafters continue their journey through the turbulent waters of the river .	what continue their journey through the turbulent waters of the river ?	rafters
2159	There 's a person bungee jumping from an elevated crane into the river .	what does there 's jumping from an elevated crane into the river ?	bungee
2162	As she continues cutting , two young girls walk in the kitchen and begin watching her and grabbing dishes .	how many young girls does as she continue cutting , walk in the kitchen and begin watching her and grabbing dishes ?	two
2162	As she continues cutting , two young girls walk in the kitchen and begin watching her and grabbing dishes .	where does as she continue cutting , two young girls walk and begin watching her and grabbing dishes . ?	kitchen
2167	Bottles are shown containing sunscreen and people putting it on .	what are shown containing sunscreen and people putting it on ?	bottles
2169	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2174	The man talks to the camera and the man leans left one more time .	how many more time does the man talks to the camera and the man lean left ?	one
2175	We see the closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2178	The man picks up lotion which he applies to his neck .	what does the man pick up ?	lotion
2180	The man uses his razor to trim his face and beard .	the man uses what and beard ?	razor
2181	The man picks up a package and applies a product to his face .	the man picks up a package and applies what to his face ?	product
2182	The man uses a towel to wipe down his face .	what does the man use ?	towel
2184	A large ice glacier is shown in the water .	what is shown in the water ?	glacier
2185	A boat is pulling a person on skis behind the boat .	what is pulling the person on skis behind the boat ?	boat
2188	They are standing inside of an office space and playing the flute .	what are they standing inside of an office space and playing ?	flute
2192	A man in a red shirt is standing next to an exercise machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
2202	The person with black apron spray a white foam on the shoes .	what did the person with black apron spray on the shoes ?	foam
2202	The person with black apron spray a white foam on the shoes .	what is the color of the apron ?	black
2202	The person with black apron spray a white foam on the shoes .	what is the color of the foam ?	white
2203	The person brush the shoes with white foam on it .	what is the color of the foam ?	white
2207	Several pictures of different individual are shown white water rafting as an intro for a video .	what is the color of the water ?	white
2212	Three kids are making a sand castle on the beach .	what are three kids making on the beach ?	castle
2212	Three kids are making a sand castle on the beach .	how many kids are making the sand castle on the beach ?	three
2217	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2219	The man spits in a cup .	where does the man spit . ?	cup
2221	We see a closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
2222	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2225	The man walks to and turns off the camera .	the man walks to and turns off what ?	camera
2226	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2228	A man picks up a brown boot and brushes it .	the man picks up what and brushes it ?	boot
2228	A man picks up a brown boot and brushes it .	what is the color of the boot ?	brown
2230	A man rubs the products of a black tube on the boot 's sole edge .	what is the color of the tube ?	black
2232	A man in a black shirt is standing outside talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
2249	The boys spin and flip their sticks constantly and continue performing their drumming routine .	the boys spin and flip what constantly and continue performing their drumming routine ?	sticks
2252	Two cats are seen laying on a bed facing one another .	what are seen laying on the bed facing one another ?	cats
2252	Two cats are seen laying on a bed facing one another .	how many cats are seen laying on the bed facing one another ?	two
2253	One cat then begins to lick the other .	what then begins to lick the other ?	cat
2253	One cat then begins to lick the other .	how many cat then begins to lick the other ?	one
2254	The first cat then stops and the other licks afterwards .	what then stops and the other licks afterwards ?	cat
2254	The first cat then stops and the other licks afterwards .	the first cat then stops and what afterwards ?	licks
2259	The man then performs an impressive dive and is followed by several clips of other people diving .	the man then performs what and is followed by several clips of other people diving ?	dive
2262	An athlete performs long jump in the sand box .	where does an athlete perform long jump . ?	box
2264	There men have chairs and are sitting int he subway way making some music .	there men have what and are sitting int he subway way making some music ?	chairs
2265	One of them is playing guitar and two of them are playing the violin .	what is one of them playing and two of them are playing the violin ?	guitar
2265	One of them is playing guitar and two of them are playing the violin .	what is one of them playing guitar and two of them are playing ?	violin
2270	A man in a white jacket watches him perform .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
2273	Two men are seen speaking to the camera followed by several clips of people hitting a ball .	how many men are seen speaking to the camera followed by several clips of people hitting a ball ?	two
2277	A green boat with black and white accents on it is gliding on the water .	what is the color of the boat ?	green
2279	A man is now standing on a waterboard that the blue shoes are attached to and he 's holding a blue rope attached to a triangular handle .	what is the color of the shoes ?	blue
2279	A man is now standing on a waterboard that the blue shoes are attached to and he 's holding a blue rope attached to a triangular handle .	what is the color of the rope ?	blue
2280	White words on a black screen show up and read Zucky Wakeboarding 2015 summer and then fades away .	white words on a black screen show up and read zucky wakeboarding how many summer and then fades away ?	2015
2280	White words on a black screen show up and read Zucky Wakeboarding 2015 summer and then fades away .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
2281	The video ends with white words and numbers on a black screen that read - END - editor : 05 .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
2283	Another man takes a cloth and begins cleaning his black leather shoes with a cloth to make it shiny .	what is the color of the shoes ?	black
2286	Two jars of liquid appear .	how many jars of liquid appear ?	two
2288	The woman prepares the liquid with herbs and sugar in a bowl .	where does the woman prepare the liquid with herbs and sugar . ?	bowl
2291	The woman mixes the concoction .	what does the woman mix ?	concoction
2292	The woman drinks the liquid in a jar .	where does the woman drink the liquid . ?	jar
2297	One last woman speaks to the camera and the girl cheers and smiles again .	how many last woman speaks to the camera and the girl cheers and smiles again ?	one
2299	The camera then shows a lady skating across the ice .	what then shows the lady skating across the ice ?	camera
2300	Then the camera focuses back onto the curling game showing a lady about to shoot .	what does then focus back onto the curling game showing a lady about to shoot ?	camera
2308	A woman stands in a red dress .	what is the color of the dress ?	red
2320	In the building , there are multiple pool tables and a man begins instructing them on what to do .	what are in the building , there and a man begins instructing them on what to do ?	tables
2325	Many females , some in blue shirts and some in white shirts , run around on a field playing a game .	what is the color of the shirts ?	blue
2325	Many females , some in blue shirts and some in white shirts , run around on a field playing a game .	what is the color of the shirts ?	white
2327	Two referees runs about and down the field with the players .	how many referees runs about and down the field with the players ?	two
2331	A man in a blue sweatshirt walks on the sideline .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	blue
2333	She hits the yellow ball but it does not move very far at all .	what does she hit but it does not move very far at all ?	ball
2333	She hits the yellow ball but it does not move very far at all .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
2336	There is an indoor gym where two contestants are fencing with each other .	there is an indoor gym where how many contestants are fencing with each other ?	two
2337	There is a person dressed in black who is their referee .	what is the color of the person ?	black
2339	Two men dressed in fencing gear continue to fence in the gym .	how many men dressed in fencing gear continue to fence in the gym ?	two
2340	A woman rides a camel holding a rode with her right hand while a man pulls the camel .	what does the woman rid holding a rode with her right hand while a man pulls the camel ?	camel
2342	Two men laugh and bow there heads watching work get done .	how many men laugh and bow there heads watching work get done ?	two
2352	He also shoots a wiffle ball on the table , and a marble .	what does he also shoot on the table , and a marble ?	ball
2353	Two men are fighting inside a wrestling ring .	how many men are fighting inside the wrestling ring ?	two
2356	Two people wearing scuba gear are sitting at the edge of a boat with their backs to the water .	two people wearing what are sitting at the edge of a boat with their backs to the water ?	gear
2356	Two people wearing scuba gear are sitting at the edge of a boat with their backs to the water .	how many people is wearing scuba gear are sitting at the edge of a boat with their backs to the water ?	two
2359	A man in a red life vest demonstrates how to paddle in a canoe through gestures and through talking to the camera from a canoe in a body of water .	what is the color of the vest ?	red
2359	A man in a red life vest demonstrates how to paddle in a canoe through gestures and through talking to the camera from a canoe in a body of water .	where does the man demonstrate how to paddle in a canoe through gestures and through talking to the camera from a canoe in a body of water . ?	vest
2360	A man in a red canoe is paddling with one oar in a small body of water while talking to the camera .	what is the color of the canoe ?	red
2360	A man in a red canoe is paddling with one oar in a small body of water while talking to the camera .	where is the man paddling with one oar in a small body of water while talking to the camera . ?	canoe
2362	A young kid is smoking a cigarette .	what is the young kid smoking ?	cigarette
2363	The kid flip the cigarette and tried to put the other end of the cigarette to his mouth .	the kid flip what and tried to put the other end of the cigarette to his mouth ?	cigarette
2367	She then uses a spoon to drink the water as well as a straw and nodding her head waving .	what does she then use ?	spoon
2374	Girls are playing dodge ball outside with only one ball .	what are girls playing outside with only one ball ?	ball
2377	Two old bagpipe players play towards each other .	how many old bagpipe players play towards each other ?	two
2378	One bagpipe player turns .	how many bagpipe player turns ?	one
2385	We see the vacuum attachment product and see the product in action .	we see what and see the product in action ?	product
2390	We see the attachment product again .	what do we see again ?	product
2392	The title screen returns to end the video .	what returns to end the video ?	screen
2396	A black bull is taunted with a dummy hanging on a rope as the bull lunges at the dummy .	what is taunted with the dummy hanging on a rope as the bull lunges at the dummy ?	bull
2396	A black bull is taunted with a dummy hanging on a rope as the bull lunges at the dummy .	what is the color of the bull ?	black
2397	A man with a green and white umbrella taunts a black bull on a rope while onlookers also taunt the bull from the side on a wall .	what does the man with a green and white umbrella taunt on a rope ?	bull
2397	A man with a green and white umbrella taunts a black bull on a rope while onlookers also taunt the bull from the side on a wall .	what is the color of the bull ?	black
2398	The black bull lunges at another dummy and the dummy get caught on the bulls horn as the bull runs off after other taunting targets .	what is the color of the lunges ?	black
2401	A group of girls are gathered in a room .	where are the group of girls gathered . ?	room
2407	A man in a white shirt walks along side the pool .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
2408	A woman holding a dog is standing on a dock .	the woman holding what is standing on a dock ?	dog
2422	He shakes the drink together and then pours the mixture into shot glasses .	he shakes what together and then pours the mixture into shot glasses ?	drink
2423	Finally he puts another liquor into the glasses .	what does finally he put into the glasses ?	liquor
2430	A blonde woman in a green sweater is talking .	what is the color of the sweater ?	green
2431	She shows off a plate filled with pasta salad and vegetables .	what does she show off filled with pasta salad and vegetables ?	plate
2436	As they continue rafting , a clear bucket with a black circle with several lines is shown on each raft and the people walk by putting out cigarettes on it .	what is the color of the circle ?	black
2438	People whom are wearing helmets , are paddling a inflated boat down a rocky body of water .	what are people , paddling down a rocky body of water ?	boat
2440	The people stop paddling , and the boat is still .	what do the people stop , and is still ?	boat
2441	A child uses a mop to wash the floor of a home .	what does the child use ?	mop
2444	A person washes and peels a potato .	what does the person wash and peels ?	potato
2446	The person then dices the potato .	what does the person then dice ?	potato
2447	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
2450	The girl does a flip , throws her baton and catches it while on the ground .	the girl does a flip , throws what and catches it while on the ground ?	baton
2452	The girl does a split and lays her baton on the ground .	the girl does a split and lays what on the ground ?	baton
2459	Two people are seen playing a set of bongo drums while singing and looking to the camera .	how many people are seen playing the set of bongo drums while singing and looking to the camera ?	two
2461	A black car pulls int o the newly shoveled driveway and the people continue to shovel snow onto the road outside of their driveway .	what pulls int o the newly shoveled driveway and the people continue to shovel snow onto the road outside of their driveway ?	car
2461	A black car pulls int o the newly shoveled driveway and the people continue to shovel snow onto the road outside of their driveway .	what is the color of the car ?	black
2462	There 's a woman with short brown hair doing makeup tutorial .	what is the color of the hair ?	brown
2468	She takes a pair of eyelash curlers and curls her lashes and then applies some mascara with a brush .	she takes a pair of eyelash curlers and curls her lashes and then applies what with a brush ?	mascara
2470	Then she removes her headband and straightens her hair to finish off her look .	then she removes what and straightens her hair to finish off her look ?	headband
2478	Olympic triple jumps are shown in a stadium .	where are olympic triple jumps shown . ?	stadium
2482	The man then brings out tools and tightens them along the bike and is shown peddling the bike with his hands and showing off the finished bike .	the man then brings out what and tightens them along the bike and is shown peddling the bike with his hands and showing off the finished bike ?	tools
2485	A boy walk in the room from the left doorway holding a red stuffed animal sits down at the table then put animal away .	what is the color of the animal ?	red
2489	Two teams are playing a tug of war , while the referee is at the center and on the side are people taking pictures .	two teams are people taking what ?	pictures
2489	Two teams are playing a tug of war , while the referee is at the center and on the side are people taking pictures .	how many teams are playing a tug of war , while the referee is at the center and on the side are people taking pictures ?	two
2490	There 's a little boy wearing a red Elmo shirt standing on a step stool in the kitchen with his grandmother .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
2491	They are juicing a lemon on an electric juicer that is placed on the kitchen counter near the sink .	what are they juicing on an electric juicer that is placed on the kitchen counter near the sink ?	lemon
2495	A person starts the mower and it smokes .	what does the person start and it smokes ?	mower
2497	We see the mower from the point of view of the mower .	what do we see from the point of view of the mower ?	mower
2503	A man plays bongos in an animated fashion while a woman next to him plays the keyboard and a man behind him plays guitar .	what does the man play in an animated fashion ?	bongos
2505	The man playing the bongos knocks one of them over at which point the man next to him sets the bongo upright again .	the man playing what knocks one of them over at which point the man next to him sets the bongo upright again ?	bongos
2514	She pours several ingredients into a shaker and shakes it .	she pours what into a shaker and shakes it ?	ingredients
2516	A dog is put into a bath tub .	what is put into the bath tub ?	dog
2518	She rubs shampoo on the dogs fur .	what did she rub on the dogs fur ?	shampoo
2519	She dries the dog off with a towel .	what does she dry off with a towel ?	dog
2520	A woman wearing pajamas is talking and standing on a star decorated stage .	the woman wearing what is talking and standing on a star decorated stage ?	pajamas
2521	She demonstrates several dance steps as she speaks .	what does she demonstrate ?	steps
2523	There is a team of boys dressed in blue uniforms playing soccer against another team of boys dressed in blue striped uniforms in an indoor gym .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	blue
2523	There is a team of boys dressed in blue uniforms playing soccer against another team of boys dressed in blue striped uniforms in an indoor gym .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	blue
2526	There is also another game of soccer between a team dressed in red and a team dressed inn blue .	what is there also another game of soccer between a team dressed in red and a team dressed ?	blue
2527	The first set of teams continue playing the game as the solid blue team scores a goal .	what is the color of the scores ?	blue
2533	Two people are seen riding around horses and leads into more people riding horses and walking around .	how many people are seen riding around horses and leads into more people riding horses and walking around ?	two
2535	The camera interviews a man speaking to others while holding the horses .	what interviews the man speaking to others while holding the horses ?	camera
2542	A camera pans over several landscapes located in the desert as well as the night sky moving around .	what pans over several landscapes located in the desert as well as the night sky moving around ?	camera
2543	The sun rises and more shots of landscapes are shown as well as animals in the area .	what rises and more shots of landscapes are shown as well as animals in the area ?	sun
2549	The man continues sharpening the blade and then uses other boards to sharpen the knife .	the man continues and then uses what ?	boards
2554	A camera picks up several candid environment shots picking up lines of palm trees , and a vast cityscape filled with buildings and some foliage .	what picks up several candid environment shots picking up lines of palm trees , and a vast cityscape filled with buildings and some foliage ?	camera
2561	The woman then pours the lemon juice into a bottle of water .	what does the woman then pour into a bottle of water ?	juice
2563	A dog walks around the man working and ends by the camera facing the ground .	what walks around the man working and ends by the camera facing the ground ?	dog
2564	There two teams of men playing the game of tug of war in a gym .	how many teams are there of men playing the game of tug of war in a gym ?	two
2567	The opposing team pulls harder and the team in the white ends up falling down and losing .	what is the color of the team ?	white
2569	A kid in a yellow shirt is standing next to him watching .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
2570	A boy in a blue shirt is pushing another bike behind him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
2572	The man gives another cone , then the man takes of the cone and gives back to the man .	what does the man give , then the man takes of the cone and gives back to the man ?	cone
2574	Finally , the man gives the cone to the man while a crowd watch .	what does finally , the man give to the man ?	cone
2581	A skillet is on a stove with ingredients on the counter alongside it .	what is on the stove with ingredients on the counter alongside it ?	skillet
2582	Someone puts onions in the skillet and beats eggs and other ingredients into a bowl before adding them to the skillet too .	someone puts what in the skillet and beats eggs and other ingredients into a bowl before adding them to the skillet too ?	onions
2583	He flips the eggs , making an omelette .	what does he flip , ?	eggs
2584	He flips the omelette gently onto a plate for serving .	what does he flip gently onto a plate for serving ?	omelette
2585	A white cat is sleeping on terra cotta tiles .	what is sleeping on terra cotta tiles ?	cat
2585	A white cat is sleeping on terra cotta tiles .	what is the color of the cat ?	white
2589	The camera pans around the beach and back to the people playing with one another passing the ball around .	what pans around the beach and back to the people playing with one another passing the ball around ?	camera
2590	A man kneels down on a blue mat and raises a bar above his head .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
2592	A woman is sitting in a chair .	where is the woman sitting . ?	chair
2602	She blows out all of the smoke that she inhaled , she is laying in bed by herself relaxing .	where did she blow out all of the smoke she inhaled , she is laying . ?	bed
2618	Two men are shown performing an arm wrestling match with many watching on the sidelines and a ref calling who the winner is .	how many men are shown performing an arm wrestling match with many watching on the sidelines and a ref calling who the winner is ?	two
2624	A woman grooms an angry poodle who is collared and tethered to a pole attached to a black grooming table .	what does the woman groom ?	poodle
2624	A woman grooms an angry poodle who is collared and tethered to a pole attached to a black grooming table .	what is the color of the table ?	black
2625	A brown poodle is being combed by a woman in a yellow walled room on a black grooming table .	what is being combed by the woman in a yellow walled room on a black grooming table ?	poodle
2625	A brown poodle is being combed by a woman in a yellow walled room on a black grooming table .	what is the color of the poodle ?	brown
2625	A brown poodle is being combed by a woman in a yellow walled room on a black grooming table .	what is the color of the room ?	yellow
2625	A brown poodle is being combed by a woman in a yellow walled room on a black grooming table .	what is the color of the table ?	black
2626	The woman holds out a pink plastic toy which the dog begins to bite , snap and grab at while the woman combs the poodles fur .	the woman holds out what , snap and grab at while the woman combs the poodles fur ?	toy
2627	The poodle continues to snap at the pink toy and also at the woman 's hand and the comb .	what continues to snap at the pink toy and also at the woman 's hand and the comb ?	poodle
2628	A gymnast mounts a low beam in a gym .	where does the gymnast mount a low beam . ?	gym
2638	A lady stands and talks in a gym .	where does the lady stand and talks . ?	gym
2647	The individual sets aside the shovel and walks towards the camera .	the individual sets aside what and walks towards the camera ?	shovel
2648	The camera once again shows the individual shoveling .	what once again shows the individual shoveling ?	camera
2649	a man in a grey warm up suit practices shot put behind a net .	what is the color of the practices ?	gray
2650	Another man in a green sweatshirt practices a shot put throw in a field behind a net gate .	what is the color of the practices ?	green
2657	He shows a close up of the leaf blower and explains the specifics of it , primes the machine , sets the camera down and starts it .	he shows a close up of the leaf blower and explains the specifics of it , primes what , sets the camera down and starts it ?	machine
2657	He shows a close up of the leaf blower and explains the specifics of it , primes the machine , sets the camera down and starts it .	he shows a close up of the leaf blower and explains the specifics of it , primes the machine , sets what down and starts it ?	camera
2658	He picks up the camera and gets a close up of the leaf blower again .	he picks up what and gets a close up of the leaf blower again ?	camera
2659	He now blows the leaves off of the roof of his shed .	what did he now blow off of the roof of his shed ?	leaves
2664	He then plays a harmonica moving his hands around while pausing to speak to the camera and ends up speaking and pointing .	he then plays what moving his hands around while pausing to speak to the camera and ends up speaking and pointing ?	harmonica
2665	A man is seen standing beside a bull and holding up a red flag .	what is the color of the flag ?	red
2666	The bull is then shown attacking several men in many clips .	what is then shown attacking several men in many clips ?	bull
2678	Then , the man sail the boat holding a rope and lay down on the border of the boat .	then , the man sail what and lay down on the border of the boat ?	boat
2679	The man falls in the water , then he gets up in the boat and continues sailing on his back .	where does the man fall in the water , then he gets up and continues sailing on his back . ?	boat
2682	He finally gets off the stairs and joins the others who are on the wooden diving board .	he finally gets off what and joins the others who are on the wooden diving board ?	stairs
2685	Various title screens are shown and eventually the same picture of the coffee cup appears while soft music plays in the background .	what are shown and eventually the same picture of the coffee cup appears while soft music plays in the background ?	screens
2693	A guy uses a hula hoop as a jump rope .	what does the guy use as a jump rope ?	hoop
2696	Two adults run in a wooden , hollow cylinder .	how many adults run in the wooden , hollow cylinder ?	two
2697	An individual back flips off a boat .	what does an individual back flip off ?	boat
2699	People jump off an inflated boat .	what do people jump off ?	boat
2705	The teen gets out the swimming pool and throws chair to the man .	the teen gets out swimming what and throws chair to the man ?	pool
2705	The teen gets out the swimming pool and throws chair to the man .	the teen gets out the swimming pool and throws what to the man ?	chair
2717	We see the vast ocean water around us .	what do we see around us ?	water
2720	A bull runs out on the field .	what runs out on the field ?	bull
2721	A bull rams a wall where the matador is standing .	what rams the wall where the matador is standing ?	bull
2721	A bull rams a wall where the matador is standing .	what does the bull ram ?	wall
2722	The matador teases the bull with a red cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	red
2723	We see the ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2727	A person is putting salad into a clear bowl .	what is the person putting into a clear bowl ?	salad
2728	They grab an orange pepper from a pile .	what do they grab from a pile ?	pepper
2728	They grab an orange pepper from a pile .	what is the color of the pepper ?	orange
2729	They chop the pepper in half .	they chop what in half ?	pepper
2733	The man lick an ice in the shop , then he pretends to lick an ice cream in a picture .	where do the man lick an ice , then he pretends to lick an ice cream in a picture . ?	shop
2735	The camera pans out into another man standing on the court and two basketballs shown .	what pans out into another man standing on the court and two basketballs shown ?	camera
2742	People are shown water skiing in the clear blue waters .	what is the color of the waters ?	blue
2744	One group of people are seen swimming while hundreds of people cheer and many people look to the camera and smile .	how many group of people are seen swimming while hundreds of people cheer and many people look to the camera and smile ?	one
2747	An orange cat stands on a couch and sniffs the cushions .	what stands on the couch and sniffs the cushions ?	cat
2747	An orange cat stands on a couch and sniffs the cushions .	an orange cat stands on a couch and sniffs what ?	cushions
2747	An orange cat stands on a couch and sniffs the cushions .	what is the color of the cat ?	orange
2748	A woman sits down on the couch and puts the orange cat in her lap and begins to clip the front and back paws of the cat .	the woman sits down on the couch and puts what in her lap and begins to clip the front and back paws of the cat ?	cat
2748	A woman sits down on the couch and puts the orange cat in her lap and begins to clip the front and back paws of the cat .	what is the color of the cat ?	orange
2749	Various pictures are shown of people close up in an area as well as people riding around on a camel .	what are shown of people close up in an area as well as people riding around on a camel ?	pictures
2751	In the end the camels are seen wandering around one another and a picture of everyone standing together .	what are in the end seen wandering around one another and a picture of everyone standing together ?	camels
2753	He then performs a game of black jack while moving the cards and dice around while still speaking to the camera .	what is the color of the while ?	black
2756	After , the woman shows a container , then gabs the steam machine and shows while talking .	, then gabs what and shows while talking ?	machine
2757	A person is spray painting bars that are taped together different colors .	what is the person ?	bars
2760	He places a speed control tool on the handlebar of the bike .	what does he place on the handlebar of the bike ?	tool
2763	The camera pans closely around the guitar while the man continues to speak .	what pans closely around the guitar while the man continues to speak ?	camera
2767	Several more clips are shown of people riding around on horses as well as pictures inbetween and more close ups of horses .	what are shown of people riding around on horses as well as pictures inbetween and more close ups of horses ?	clips
2777	The camera shows him doing various moves and interviewing the camera .	what shows him doing various moves and interviewing the camera ?	camera
2778	Another man rides a wakeboard doing and tricks and eventually falls .	another man rides what doing and tricks and eventually falls ?	wakeboard
2779	Several other clips are shown of people kayaking doing several stunts while the camera records .	what are shown of people kayaking doing several stunts while the camera records ?	clips
2780	A man is cutting an onion with a knife on a cutting board .	what is the man cutting with a knife on a cutting board ?	onion
2782	The man sharpens his knives using an electric tool .	what does the man sharpen ?	knives
2790	Three winners are crowned at the end in a ceremony .	how many winners are crowned at the end in a ceremony ?	three
2800	When they are done they stop by a red railing , the worker taps the camel on the face while the rider get off .	what did , the worker tap on the face ?	camel
2800	When they are done they stop by a red railing , the worker taps the camel on the face while the rider get off .	what is the color of the railing ?	red
2802	A person is playing the piano .	what is the person playing ?	piano
2803	The piano turns and a woman is standing behind it .	what turns and the woman is standing behind it ?	piano
2804	We see a dark opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2810	Two men take a bow .	how many men take the bow ?	two
2814	A close up of a blue hookah is shown bottom to top .	what is the color of the hookah ?	blue
2815	The bowl is shown , then the hookah is filled with water by gloves .	what is shown , then the hookah is filled with water by gloves ?	bowl
2815	The bowl is shown , then the hookah is filled with water by gloves .	what is the bowl shown , then is filled with water by gloves ?	hookah
2816	The hose is attached to the hookah .	what is attached to the hookah ?	hose
2820	The man juices 2 fruit then puts sugar in in two glasses .	what 2 fruit then puts sugar in in two glasses ?	juices
2820	The man juices 2 fruit then puts sugar in in two glasses .	what does the man juices 2 fruit then put in in two glasses ?	sugar
2820	The man juices 2 fruit then puts sugar in in two glasses .	how many fruit does the man juices then put sugar in in two glasses ?	two
2821	The man then cuts and juices four more fruit .	what does the man then cut and juices ?	fruit
2821	The man then cuts and juices four more fruit .	how many more fruit does the man then cut and juices ?	four
2822	The man adds more sugar to the glasses and ice water from the bucket under the fruit .	what does the man add to the glasses and ice water from the bucket under the fruit ?	sugar
2827	A boy is sitting in a salon chair and talking .	where is the boy sitting and talking . ?	chair
2830	man is interviewing some people who is watching two women in bikini wrestling , the woman wins and start jumping .	man is interviewing some people who is watching how many women in bikini wrestling ?	two
2831	two women in bikini are standing with a dwarf and he is winning the fight while the interviewer is talking to people in the audience .	how many women in bikini are standing with a dwarf ?	two
2838	Two people start playing a game of ping pong .	how many people start playing the game of ping pong ?	two
2839	two men are sitting on round tables talking in microphones .	how many men are sitting on round tables talking in microphones ?	two
2851	A person is slicing a potato .	what is the person slicing ?	potato
2852	They stack up the potato slices and start chopping them into tiny pieces .	they stack up what and start chopping them into tiny pieces ?	slices
2853	He sets the pieces on a plate sitting in a sink .	what does he set on a plate sitting in a sink ?	pieces
2855	He empties the plates into a pot .	what does he empty into a pot ?	plates
2856	He stirs everything in the pot together .	where does he stir everything together . ?	pot
2859	A man in a blue shirt and shorts lifts a large weight over his head .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
2864	men taking off their glasses and shave the half of their faces while a woman is putting some makeup on them , doing their eyebrows and putting some eyeliner and lashes .	men taking off what and shave the half of their faces while a woman is putting some makeup on them , doing their eyebrows and putting some eyeliner and lashes ?	glasses
2868	A simulated screen showing a volleyball court shows while he speaks .	what is showing a volleyball court shows while he speaks ?	screen
2877	Three men are seen sitting behind a set of bongo drums playing quickly while several camera flashes are shown .	how many men are seen sitting behind the set of bongo drums playing quickly while several camera flashes are shown ?	three
2882	A teen plays violin in a room .	where does the teen play violin . ?	room
2883	The teen holds the violin with the left hand moving the fingers and playing with the bow .	what does the teen hold with the left hand moving the fingers and playing with the bow ?	violin
2892	After the fighting continues another man shows up in the room and escorts the man in the suit out .	where does after the fighting continue another man shows up and escorts the man in the suit out . ?	room
2893	People shovels the snow using a wheeled snow shovel .	people shovels the snow using what ?	shovel
2894	Then , a man demonstrates how to shovel the snow , the he uses a bag .	what does then , , the he use ?	bag
2895	A woman is holding a cat onto a table .	what is the woman holding onto a table ?	cat
2897	She finishes and pets the cat .	what does she finish and pets ?	cat
2900	A little girl is doing more houses next to the castle .	what is the little girl doing next to the castle ?	houses
2901	The man digs a hole in the center while the boy help extend the castle .	what does the man dig in the center ?	hole
2903	A city is zoom in a map , then a girl performs water sky in a river pulled by a boat while flipping in the air .	what is the city zoom in a map , then a girl performs in a river pulled by a boat while flipping in the air ?	sky
2903	A city is zoom in a map , then a girl performs water sky in a river pulled by a boat while flipping in the air .	where is the city zoom , then a girl performs water sky in a river pulled by a boat while flipping in the air . ?	map
2904	A road is leading to a water ski station , then a woman slides on ramps in the water holding a water ski rope .	what is leading to the water ski station , then a woman slides on ramps in the water holding a water ski rope ?	road
2906	Then the girl change clothes and stand on a truck holding prizes .	then the girl change what and stand on a truck holding prizes ?	clothes
2910	We see a opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2911	We see a man holding a vacuum and using the vacuum to hold two bowling balls .	we see a man holding a vacuum and using the vacuum to hold how many bowling balls ?	two
2914	We see the man empty the canister and put the vacuum in a closet .	where do we see the man empty the canister and put the vacuum . ?	closet
2915	There are two young boys , one dressed in a red shirt and the other in a striped shirt at a bowling alley .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
2916	The boy in the red shirt bowls with a large green ball and hits a strike .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
2916	The boy in the red shirt bowls with a large green ball and hits a strike .	what is the color of the ball ?	green
2919	She picks up a microphone and starts singing .	she picks up what and starts singing ?	microphone
2924	Young people carry inflatable boats and get in the water .	young people carry what and get in the water ?	boats
2927	There are several men playing Foos ball in an indoor room that has wooden panels .	there are several men playing what in an indoor room that has wooden panels ?	ball
2931	She boils pasta in a pot , draining it .	where does she boil pasta , draining it . ?	pot
2936	The lady rinses her dishes and puts them on a shelf .	the lady rinses what and puts them on a shelf ?	dishes
2939	We then see the closing credits screen .	what do we then see closing ?	screen
2940	A man wearing a black shirts with a graphic design is seated near a table with liquor bottles and a shaker .	the man wearing what with a graphic design is seated near a table with liquor bottles and a shaker ?	shirts
2940	A man wearing a black shirts with a graphic design is seated near a table with liquor bottles and a shaker .	what is the color of the shirts ?	black
2942	He picks up the liquor bottles that he will be using for the drinks .	what does he pick up ?	bottles
2943	He uses the jigger to measure and then pour the necessary ingredients into the shaker .	what does he use ?	jigger
2946	Then he shakes beverage vigorously and pours into a conical glass .	then he shakes what vigorously and pours into a conical glass ?	beverage
2947	He then tops the drink with whipped cream from a can and puts a cherry on the top .	he then tops the drink with whipped cream from a can and puts what on the top ?	cherry
2956	After , the woman puts the mix in a greased baking pan and make a syrup with orange juice in a pot .	pan and make what with orange juice in a pot ?	syrup
2956	After , the woman puts the mix in a greased baking pan and make a syrup with orange juice in a pot .	what is the color of the juice ?	orange
2957	Next , she put the baking cake on a dish and put syrup on top .	what did next , she put on a dish and put syrup on top ?	cake
2958	An elderly man is standing in a small room and is plastering a ceiling where he starts in the middle of the room .	an elderly man is standing in a small room and is plastering what ?	ceiling
2961	A man with a orange shirt and black hat with glasses are outside standing in front of a green tree .	what is the color of the tree ?	green
2964	A man standing or sitting behind a chopping board with vegetables on it equips a forearm-mounted knife .	what is the man standing or sitting behind a chopping board with vegetables on it equips ?	knife
2967	The man removes the knife and manipulates the containers of ingredients around him .	the man removes what and manipulates the containers of ingredients around him ?	knife
2968	The man re-equips the knife and resumes chopping .	the man re-equips what and resumes chopping ?	knife
2969	The man removes the knife and manipulates the ingredients around him again .	the man removes what and manipulates the ingredients around him again ?	knife
2969	The man removes the knife and manipulates the ingredients around him again .	the man removes the knife and manipulates what around him again ?	ingredients
2970	The man re-equips the knife and resumes chopping again .	the man re-equips what and resumes chopping again ?	knife
2971	The man removes the knife and cleans up his work area .	the man removes what and cleans up his work area ?	knife
2973	She is surrounded by two men in yellow shirts .	what is the color of the shirts ?	yellow
2980	The young man rides his skateboard down hills around a beach town .	what did the young man rid around a beach town ?	hills
2983	A group of people are swimming in a large indoor pool .	where are the group of people swimming . ?	pool
2991	He stands up and walks out the door .	he stands up and walks out what ?	door
2993	They open the fridge and get a beer .	they open what and get a beer ?	fridge
2993	They open the fridge and get a beer .	they open the fridge and get what ?	beer
2998	The person continuously adjusts the bike and pans the camera all around it in the end .	the person continuously adjusts what and pans the camera all around it in the end ?	bicycle
2998	The person continuously adjusts the bike and pans the camera all around it in the end .	the person continuously adjusts the bike and pans what all around it in the end ?	camera
3006	The camera pans all around the roof while the man is seen sitting and still speaking .	what pans all around the roof while the man is seen sitting and still speaking ?	camera
3007	The camera pans all around the roof and shows the man still sitting .	what pans all around the roof and shows the man still sitting ?	camera
3010	A few other teammates also perform the act , then we see the final scoreboard .	the few other teammates also perform the act , then we see what ?	scoreboard
3015	The baby takes a blue bulb off the tree .	what is the color of the bulb ?	blue
3018	The child drops the blue bulb and goes for another .	the child drops what and goes for another ?	bulb
3018	The child drops the blue bulb and goes for another .	what is the color of the bulb ?	blue
3019	The child adds another blue bulb to the tree .	what does the child add to the tree ?	bulb
3019	The child adds another blue bulb to the tree .	what is the color of the bulb ?	blue
3020	The camera pans up to show the tree and then shows the stockings .	what pans up to show the tree and then shows the stockings ?	camera
3020	The camera pans up to show the tree and then shows the stockings .	the camera pans up and then shows what ?	stockings
3023	The kids are wearing helmet as they threw the ball and other side of the kids dodge the ball .	what are the kids wearing ?	helmet
3024	Two adult people went up to the trampoline to watch the kids .	how many adult people went up to the trampoline to watch the kids ?	two
3029	He peddles the bike and shows the tire spinning again , ending with him tightening the tire and spinning it once more .	he peddles what and shows the tire spinning again , ending with him tightening the tire and spinning it once more ?	bicycle
3030	Sandwiches are displayed in a slideshow .	what are displayed in the slideshow ?	sandwiches
3031	A person spreads mustard sauce on slices of bread , then the person put on top Swiss cheese , jam , sauerkraut and a slice of bread on top .	what does the person spread on slices of bread , then the person put on top swiss cheese , jam , sauerkraut and a slice of bread on top ?	sauce
3033	A white middle aged man is standing in a crowd of people playing a saxophone .	what is the color of the middle ?	white
3034	Then the camera pans back out and the crowd begins clapping for the audience .	what does then pan back out and the crowd begins clapping for the audience ?	camera
3035	There 's a woman in a white shirt in an indoor tennis court hitting balls across the court .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
3036	She bounces the ball on the ground and then serves the ball across the net .	she bounces what on the ground and then serves the ball across the net ?	ball
3036	She bounces the ball on the ground and then serves the ball across the net .	she bounces the ball on the ground and then serves what across the net ?	ball
3039	A woman shows a dish with vegetables and display the calories , the ingredients and the preparation of a dish .	the woman shows what with vegetables and display the calories , the ingredients and the preparation of a dish ?	dish
3040	Then , the woman puts vegetables on a bowl , then she fry a leave and put it in the bowl .	where does then , the woman put vegetables on a bowl , then she fry a leave and put it . ?	bowl
3041	Then , the woman mix the vegetables and serves it on a dish .	then , the woman mix what and serves it on a dish ?	vegetables
3042	Two women attempt to wash two dogs .	how many women attempt to wash two dogs ?	two
3043	They get in the tub with the dogs and do shampoo , soap , and then rinse the dogs .	they get in the tub with the dogs and do shampoo , soap , and then rinse what ?	dogs
3044	They dry the dogs and the dogs are much happier .	they dry what and the dogs are much happier ?	dogs
3044	They dry the dogs and the dogs are much happier .	they dry the dogs and what are much happier ?	dogs
3046	The man jumps off the bridge to the river below .	what does the man jump off to the river below ?	bridge
3048	A woman wearing green with red hair is scrubbing some clothes vigorously .	what is the woman wearing green with red hair is scrubbing vigorously ?	clothes
3048	A woman wearing green with red hair is scrubbing some clothes vigorously .	what is the color of the hair ?	red
3051	She squeezes it out and then put the cloth into a bucket of soapy water .	she squeezes it out and then put what into a bucket of soapy water ?	cloth
3063	The child serves the ball , and the boy helps stands next her watching .	what does the child serve , and the boy helps stands next her watching ?	ball
3068	There 's a man in a green shirt talking and being interviewed by another man dressed in a black jacket and gray pants .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
3068	There 's a man in a green shirt talking and being interviewed by another man dressed in a black jacket and gray pants .	what is the color of the jacket ?	black
3068	There 's a man in a green shirt talking and being interviewed by another man dressed in a black jacket and gray pants .	what is the color of the pants ?	gray
3074	The man in green talks about a newspaper article related to the soccer as clips from the soccer game are shown .	what is the color of the talks ?	green
3077	Several more clips are shown of women running down the track and jumping into the pit .	what are shown of women running down the track and jumping into the pit ?	clips
3080	More clips are shown of people walking away and playing the game .	what are shown of people walking away and playing the game ?	clips
3082	A person rides a dirt bike over a hill or dirt pile with help from an incline structure .	what did the person rid over a hill or dirt pile with help from an incline structure ?	bicycle
3084	Two guys sit on their dirt bike and discuss .	how many guys sit on their dirt bike and discuss ?	two
3085	One guy uses his rear tire to cause dirt to spray .	what does one guy use ?	tire
3085	One guy uses his rear tire to cause dirt to spray .	how many guy uses his rear tire to cause dirt to spray ?	one
3087	A black book called Windmills is on the screen .	what is the color of the book ?	black
3088	The camera zooms into a dancer .	what zooms into the dancer ?	camera
3095	The screen goes to another shot of the same move but faster this time .	what goes to another shot of the same move but faster this time ?	screen
3097	The screen ends with a VincaniTV promo .	what ends with the vincanitv promo ?	screen
3104	The woman in red applies various makeups to the seated woman , explaining the process as she goes .	what does the woman in red apply to the seated woman , ?	makeups
3106	A man drinks coffee and then plays guitar indoor .	the man drinks what and then plays guitar indoor ?	coffee
3106	A man drinks coffee and then plays guitar indoor .	the man drinks coffee and then plays what ?	guitar
3108	Then , the man hols a cup of coffee and a guitar in the street .	where does then , the man hols a cup of coffee and a guitar . ?	street
3109	After , the man plays guitar indoor on front an audience .	what does after , the man play on front an audience ?	guitar
3111	A small group of people are seen riding in a raft down a rough river .	where are the small group of people seen riding . ?	raft
3117	He holds up his belt while speaking to the camera and begins climbing up the wall .	he holds up what to the camera and begins climbing up the wall ?	speaking
3119	A crowd of people watch as two bulls fight each other in a competition .	how many bulls do the crowd of people watch as fight each other in a competition ?	two
3120	The camera pans over to show many people in the crowd watching the show .	what pans over to show many people in the crowd watching the show ?	camera
3123	The bulls begin to chase each other around the field .	what begin to chase each other around the field ?	bulls
3127	There 's a news reporter dressed in a pink floral dress and a white jacket giving an update on sports news .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
3133	She uses a pole to vault over a high beam .	what does she use ?	pole
3146	A man in a red shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
3159	The man grabs the hose and takes a hit from the hookah .	the man grabs what and takes a hit from the hookah ?	hose
3161	The man bounces the ball and hits it with his racket .	the man bounces what and hits it with his racket ?	ball
3162	The man bounces the ball and hits it across the court .	the man bounces what and hits it across the court ?	ball
3163	The man then bounces and hits one more ball .	what does the man then bounce and hits ?	ball
3163	The man then bounces and hits one more ball .	how many more ball does the man then bounce and hits ?	one
3179	He moves the harmonica side ways as he continues playing till he comes to an end .	what does he move ?	ways
3181	A group of people on a blue water raft paddle against a violent stream/body of water .	what is the color of the paddle ?	blue
3183	A person navigates the rocky waves in a large water raft .	where does the person navigate the rocky waves . ?	raft
3184	The rafters and kayakers continue to fight the force of the water as the scene face to a positivity mantra and then to black .	what is the color of the mantra ?	black
3192	Two men high five on the field .	how many men high five on the field ?	two
3196	They are doing the steps rhythmically to the beats of a song that is played in the fitness center .	what are they doing rhythmically to the beats of a song that is played in the fitness center ?	steps
3200	A person is seen bending down over a bucket filled with water and washing clothes in the bucket .	where is the person seen bending down over a bucket filled with water and washing clothes . ?	bucket
3202	A camera pans between a person and the cameraman and leads into a man sitting in front of a drum set .	what pans between the person and the cameraman and leads into a man sitting in front of a drum set ?	camera
3203	The man then plays the drums continuously and another man walks in and sings and dances .	what does the man then play continuously and another man walks in and sings and dances ?	drums
3216	A woman with short hair and a white tank top is sitting in her bathroom talking about a cyclist who is going to shave his legs .	what is the color of the top ?	white
3222	Windsurfer turns his sail around in a 360 .	what does windsurfer turn around in a 360 ?	sail
3225	Windsurfer spins his sail around quickly .	what does windsurfer spin around quickly ?	sail
3232	He uses a leveler and cutter and completes the room with grout before walking out .	he uses a leveler and cutter and completes what with grout before walking out ?	room
3233	Cars drive by a sign by the road .	what drive by the sign by the road ?	cars
3237	A bus is shown parked outside the building .	what is shown parked outside the building ?	bus
3244	Two men are seen playing rock paper scissors with one another and hitting the person who loses .	how many men are seen playing rock paper scissors with one another and hitting the person who loses ?	two
3251	A persons hand is playing rock paper scissors with a robot .	what is the persons hand playing with a robot ?	scissors
3252	A man in a white shirt is talking to the woman .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
3255	A 2011 dance competition in Israel is shown with a woman in gold belly dancing solo with neon lights behind her .	how many dance competition in israel is shown with a woman in gold belly dancing solo with neon lights behind her ?	2011
3272	A blue page with white writing explains that the video is about how to wrap a present .	what is the color of the page ?	blue
3272	A blue page with white writing explains that the video is about how to wrap a present .	what is the color of the writing ?	white
3278	Men are acting silly in a bathroom .	where are men acting silly . ?	bathroom
3279	One man shows off his legs to the camera .	how many man shows off his legs to the camera ?	one
3280	Two men are dancing and shaving their legs near the sink .	how many men are dancing and shaving their legs near the sink ?	two
3283	He throws a frisbee , and the dog catches it .	what does he throw , and the dog catches it ?	frisbee
3283	He throws a frisbee , and the dog catches it .	what does he throw a frisbee , and catches it ?	dog
3287	She swings the ax again and looks back smiling to the camera .	she swings what again and looks back smiling to the camera ?	ax
3288	A person is using a mop to mop the floor .	what is the person using ?	mop
3289	A small dog is chasing the mop .	what is chasing the mop ?	dog
3289	A small dog is chasing the mop .	what is the small dog chasing ?	mop
3292	They put the tray into an oven .	what did they put into an oven ?	tray
3294	They wash off the mat in the sink .	where do they wash off the mat . ?	sink
3297	She puts the paper in water and lays then on her white nails , she peels the paper off and the letters stick .	what is the color of the nails ?	white
3302	We see the white ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
3302	We see the white ending screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
3308	Two men in white shirts run next to the person sliding .	how many men in white shirts run next to the person sliding ?	two
3308	Two men in white shirts run next to the person sliding .	what is the color of the shirts ?	white
3310	The person then paints a large tree while still moving around quickly on the painting .	what does the person then paint while still moving around quickly on the painting ?	tree
3316	The man turns off the machine and looks around the front while pointing to the top of the machine .	the man turns off what and looks around the front while pointing to the top of the machine ?	machine
3319	The lady sails a boat .	what does the lady sail ?	boat
3321	People rides horses on an unpaved road passing for the woods and on front the ocean .	what does people rid on an unpaved road passing for the woods and on front the ocean ?	horses
3322	People arrive to a place and gets off the horse and then continue riding passing woods , river , the ocean and beautiful landscapes .	people arrive to a place and gets off what and then continue riding passing woods , river , the ocean and beautiful landscapes ?	horse
3325	There is a large swimming team swimming and throwing the ball around to their team mates , scoring .	there is a large swimming team swimming and throwing what around to their team mates , scoring ?	ball
3328	A silver sink is shown and a black hose with a scrubber on the bottom of it begins cleaning the sink with steam coming out of it .	what is shown and the black hose with a scrubber on the bottom of it begins cleaning the sink with steam coming out of it ?	sink
3328	A silver sink is shown and a black hose with a scrubber on the bottom of it begins cleaning the sink with steam coming out of it .	what is the color of the hose ?	black
3329	Once completed , the person then takes a white rag and goes into the sink and washes away the moisture from the steam .	what is the color of the rag ?	white
3331	We see a boat with a man on it .	what do we see with a man on it ?	boat
3334	We see the boat with people in it .	what do we see with people in it ?	boat
3335	The man pulls out the ladder and climbs on the boat then we see a boat take off , and in a show room .	the man pulls out what and climbs on the boat then we see a boat take off , and in a show room ?	ladder
3337	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
3345	The stadium bleachers are not filled with sufficient spectators due to security reasons .	what are not filled with sufficient spectators due to security reasons ?	bleachers
3349	A person 's shadow moves over the surface of a white trailer .	what is the color of the trailer ?	white
3350	A person rides a dirt bike .	what does the person rid ?	bicycle
3353	A person lifts a dirt bike and places on a stool .	the person lifts what and places on a stool ?	bicycle
3355	A helicopter hovers over the race track .	what hovers over the race track ?	helicopter
3359	The camera shows the ball hitting the table and landing into the cup on the other side .	what shows the ball hitting the table and landing into the cup on the other side ?	camera
3361	There 's a man wearing a black athletic suit in a shot put field practicing shot put .	there 's a man wearing what in a shot put field practicing shot put ?	suit
3361	There 's a man wearing a black athletic suit in a shot put field practicing shot put .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
3363	Then he spins around and throws the ball far ahead .	then he spins around and throws what far ahead ?	ball
3370	A man digs his heel into the base of a tree to push away the mulch .	what does the man dig into the base of a tree to push away the mulch ?	heel
3375	She is using the needles to make the scarf .	what is she using ?	needles
3381	The camera then moves closer to the board and zooms in on the location of where the darts are thrown .	what then moves closer to the board and zooms in on the location of where the darts are thrown ?	camera
3383	A room is filled with people riding exercise bikes .	what is filled with people riding exercise bikes ?	room
3385	Two men are seen holding each other 's hands and moving one to the other side arm wrestling .	how many men are seen holding each other 's hands and moving one to the other side arm wrestling ?	two
3387	A young man plays violin while wearing headsets .	what does the young man play while wearing headsets ?	violin
3391	The bar is finally let down and the boys begin racing throughout the track that 's covered in hills as people stand throughout it to watch them .	what is finally let down and the boys begin racing throughout the track that 's covered in hills as people stand throughout it to watch them ?	bar
3392	A bike is being shown in the narrow walkway .	what is being shown in the narrow walkway ?	bicycle
3392	A bike is being shown in the narrow walkway .	where is the bike being shown . ?	walkway
3395	He grips the the rope super tight with his feet while he walks across .	what did he grip tight with his feet ?	super
3398	A man in red goggles is standing in the snow .	what is the color of the goggles ?	red
3401	He puts some ice cubes in a talll glass and then adds some Pimms in it .	he puts what in a talll glass and then adds some pimms in it ?	cubes
3402	He slices some lemons and puts the lemons along with a cherry on a toothpick .	he slices what and puts the lemons along with a cherry on a toothpick ?	lemons
3402	He slices some lemons and puts the lemons along with a cherry on a toothpick .	he slices some lemons and puts what along with a cherry on a toothpick ?	lemons
3404	In a sped up mode an elderly man walks to the front of a house and grabs a blue snow plow .	in the sped up mode an elderly man walks to the front of a house and grabs what ?	plow
3404	In a sped up mode an elderly man walks to the front of a house and grabs a blue snow plow .	what is the color of the plow ?	blue
3406	The man then moves the camera view and plows the snow in a different area that is fenced in .	the man then moves what and plows the snow in a different area that is fenced in ?	view
3407	The man grabs the camera , points to the plow and then pans to the different areas of the yard .	the man grabs what , points to the plow and then pans to the different areas of the yard ?	camera
3409	The man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open .	the man goes back outside , shows what and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open ?	dog
3409	The man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open .	the man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts what down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open ?	dog
3409	The man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open .	the man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and what runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open ?	dog
3410	A woman talks in a kitchen , then she shows a brush .	where does the woman talks , then she show a brush . ?	kitchen
3411	The woman opens the faucet and washes a dish with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining .	the woman opens what and washes a dish with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining ?	faucet
3411	The woman opens the faucet and washes a dish with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining .	the woman opens the faucet and washes what with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining ?	dish
3417	A man in white shirt and white shorts is holding a croquet bat , he is bending over and swing the bat slowly in the air before hitting the blue ball .	what is the man in white shirt and white shorts holding , he is bending over and swing the bat slowly in the air before hitting the blue ball ?	bat
3417	A man in white shirt and white shorts is holding a croquet bat , he is bending over and swing the bat slowly in the air before hitting the blue ball .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
3417	A man in white shirt and white shorts is holding a croquet bat , he is bending over and swing the bat slowly in the air before hitting the blue ball .	what is the color of the shorts ?	white
3417	A man in white shirt and white shorts is holding a croquet bat , he is bending over and swing the bat slowly in the air before hitting the blue ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
3418	The ball went flying passing the ball in a small rectangular holes , and hit the ground .	what went flying passing the ball in a small rectangular holes , and hit the ground ?	ball
3419	We see the opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
3423	We then see the ending screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
3424	A woman holds a dog and take to the bathroom to take a bath in a bathtub while rubbing the body with soap .	the woman holds what and take to the bathroom to take a bath in a bathtub while rubbing the body with soap ?	dog
3425	The dog waits until the woman grab a towel to dry the body of the dog .	what waits until the woman grab a towel to dry the body of the dog ?	dog
3426	The dog looks angry and show his teeth .	what looks angry and show his teeth ?	dog
3427	Then , woman give a kiss to then dog .	what do then , woman give a kiss to then ?	dog
3428	Four little girls , dressed in white dresses with red sashes , stand in a line , on a stage and play the violin together .	four little girls , dressed in white dresses with red sashes , stand in a line , on a stage and play what together ?	violin
3428	Four little girls , dressed in white dresses with red sashes , stand in a line , on a stage and play the violin together .	what is the color of the dresses ?	white
3428	Four little girls , dressed in white dresses with red sashes , stand in a line , on a stage and play the violin together .	what is the color of the sashes ?	red
3429	Four little girls begin to play violin on a stage on a stage with a pink backdrop .	how many little girls begin to play violin on a stage on a stage with a pink backdrop ?	four
3431	He climbed the blue-green ladder to trim the top of the hedge , he moved the ladder to do the middle top of the hedge .	what did he climb , he moved the ladder to do the middle top of the hedge ?	ladder
3433	Several kitchens are shown in the backdrop as a Around the House Menards logo flashes in the middle of the screen .	what are shown in the backdrop as a around the house menards logo flashes in the middle of the screen ?	kitchens
3433	Several kitchens are shown in the backdrop as a Around the House Menards logo flashes in the middle of the screen .	where are several kitchens shown . ?	backdrop
3434	After , a man in blue polo is shown pasting tile on the back of the kitchen walls to renovate the home .	what is the color of the polo ?	blue
3441	The car is shown off again in the end all clean .	what is shown off again in the end all clean ?	car
3442	A man is standing up playing bagpipes .	what is the man standing up ?	bagpipes
3444	We see two people in a studio .	how many people do we see in a studio ?	two
3444	We see two people in a studio .	where do we see two people . ?	studio
3446	The man then interviews a man in a black jacket .	what is the color of the jacket ?	black
3447	We see the bowling pin throw a green bowling ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	green
3448	The newscaster then throws a blue ball down the lane and another ball at the bowling pin mascot who falls over .	what does the newscaster then throw down the lane and another ball at the bowling pin mascot who falls over ?	ball
3448	The newscaster then throws a blue ball down the lane and another ball at the bowling pin mascot who falls over .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
3449	We then see a split screen with the pin running behind the newscaster and the people in the studio in the upper left corner .	what do we then see split with the pin running behind the newscaster and the people in the studio in the upper left corner ?	screen
3450	The pin throws a ball at the newscaster , and we return to the studio .	what throws the ball at the newscaster , and we return to the studio ?	pin
3453	Then man goes on the diving board , rubs his hands together , then jumps off the diving board 4 times and does various flips before he lands in the water .	then man goes on the diving board , rubs his hands together , then jumps off the diving board how many times and does various flips before he lands in the water ?	four
3455	Another bull is seen running off into the distance and chasing a person .	what is seen running off into the distance and chasing a person ?	bull
3459	Two people scrub the ice in front of the curling ball .	how many people scrub the ice in front of the curling ball ?	two
3462	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
3465	The names are shown in a blue bar above .	what is the color of the bar ?	blue
3465	The names are shown in a blue bar above .	where are the names shown . ?	bar
3466	We see a man holding a selfie stick as he boards down the hill .	we see a man holding what as he boards down the hill ?	stick
3472	A woman in red shirt laughs .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
3473	A Caucasian man wearing a red helmet is sitting in a boat in the water talking to water .	the caucasian man wearing what is sitting in a boat in the water talking to water ?	helmet
3473	A Caucasian man wearing a red helmet is sitting in a boat in the water talking to water .	what is the color of the helmet ?	red
3474	The rocky water is shown and then the man comes down kayaking throughout the white waters .	what is the color of the waters ?	white
3478	The player in shirt is running with player in red shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
3479	The two players began walking .	how many players began walking ?	two
3480	A white screen appears and special affects reveal the words `` Howcast original '' .	what appears and special affects reveal the words `` howcast original '' ?	screen
3480	A white screen appears and special affects reveal the words `` Howcast original '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
3481	The outro appears and it 's the white screen in the intro that include the words `` Howcast original '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
3485	A man in a red shirt watches him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
3489	She stirs the ingredients with some tongs .	what does she stir with some tongs ?	ingredients
3490	She pours some tomatoes , zucchini and red onions into the mixing bowl .	what is the color of the onions ?	red
3491	She cuts up some cilantro .	what does she cut up ?	cilantro
3492	She throws the cilantro into the mixing bowl .	what does she throw into the mixing bowl ?	cilantro
3493	She mixes the vegetables in the mixing bowl with the tongs .	what does she mix in the mixing bowl with the tongs ?	vegetables
3495	She shows off the salad .	what does she show off ?	salad
3496	A person in red jacket is standing at the side of the lane .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
3497	Two people are sliding down the lane covered in snow .	what are two people sliding down covered in snow ?	lane
3497	Two people are sliding down the lane covered in snow .	how many people are sliding down the lane covered in snow ?	two
3498	The woman in the tube is going further down the lane as she wave her arms .	where is the woman going further down the lane as she wave her arms . ?	tube
3500	The woman climbed on the camel , and the camel stood up .	what did the woman climb on the camel , and stood up ?	camel
3501	The camel walk around and stopped as the woman pull the leash and the camel sat down and the woman got off the camel .	what walk around and stopped as the woman pull the leash and the camel sat down and the woman got off the camel ?	camel
3502	A grey car is parked on a driveway , then a person washes the rims of the car .	what is parked on the driveway , then a person washes the rims of the car ?	car
3502	A grey car is parked on a driveway , then a person washes the rims of the car .	what is the color of the car ?	gray
3503	After , the person spreads soap on the car with a bottle joint to a hose , after he brushes the front light of the car .	what does after , the person spread on the car with a bottle joint to a hose , ?	soap
3505	Next , the person rinses and dries the car .	what does next , the person rinse and dries ?	car
3506	A person is seen holding a tennis racket on a field and hits the ball across the field .	the person is seen and hits what across the field ?	ball
3519	A person does a black flip into the water off the diving board .	what is the color of the flip ?	black
3520	A large Christmas tree is sitting in a room .	what is sitting in the room ?	tree
3520	A large Christmas tree is sitting in a room .	where is the large christmas tree sitting . ?	room
3522	A dog is walking around the Christmas tree .	what is walking around the christmas tree ?	dog
3524	woman is putting sugar in a pan with water and heat it , put water and lemon juice and mixing all the ingredients in a jar .	what is woman putting in a pan with water and heat it , put water and lemon juice and mixing all the ingredients in a jar ?	sugar
3524	woman is putting sugar in a pan with water and heat it , put water and lemon juice and mixing all the ingredients in a jar .	where is woman putting sugar in a pan with water and heat it , put water and lemon juice and mixing all the ingredients . ?	jar
3527	A man in a black jacket is watching them play .	what is the color of the jacket ?	black
3534	The camels slowly raise themselves up and begin walking around with the tourists on their backs .	what slowly raise themselves up and begin walking around with the tourists on their backs ?	camels
3536	The camels walk slowly through the dry and muddy grasslands .	what walk slowly through the dry and muddy grasslands ?	camels
3538	A martini glass is being filled with vodka .	what is being filled with vodka ?	glass
3549	The person sprays down the stainless steel sink with detergent in a spray bottle .	where did the person spray down the stainless steel sink . ?	bottle
3551	The faucet is turned on and is used to rinse out the sink .	what is turned on and is used to rinse out the sink ?	faucet
3557	Some of the players are avoiding the ball , so they continue to run around .	what are some of the players avoiding , so they continue to run around ?	ball
3559	The players kicked the ball to the next person on the opposite side of the court .	what did the players kick to the next person on the opposite side of the court ?	ball
3563	The dog moves his leg a bit as the woman continues brushing and looks back to watch her brush .	what moves his leg a bit as the woman continues brushing and looks back to watch her brush ?	dog
3570	The lady puts a hair ties around the two braids .	what does the lady put around the two braids ?	ties
3580	The canoe keeps floating while various bird are shown sitting in the water as well as the trees .	what keeps floating while various bird are shown sitting in the water as well as the trees ?	canoe
3581	A young man is sitting down in a room talking to three other people serving as news anchors .	where is the young man sitting down talking to three other people serving as news anchors . ?	room
3583	After , the four people begin talking again about the former president and his attire .	how many people do after , begin talking again about the former president and his attire ?	four
3584	A backyard seen appears with several people outside .	what seen appears with several people outside ?	backyard
3585	The people are playing a game of croquette , taking turns with the bat and hitting the balls .	what are the people playing a game of croquette , taking with the bat and hitting the balls ?	turns
3585	The people are playing a game of croquette , taking turns with the bat and hitting the balls .	what are the people playing a game of croquette , taking turns with the bat and hitting ?	balls
3587	People are standing in a swimming pool .	where are people standing . ?	pool
3590	People begin playing water polo in the swimming pool .	where do people begin playing water polo . ?	pool
3591	A lemon sits on a cutting board .	what sits on the cutting board ?	lemon
3592	Someone chops the lemon and squeezes it into a glass .	someone chops what and squeezes it into a glass ?	lemon
3594	They then add sugar to the mix .	what do they then add to the mix ?	sugar
3596	The camera continues to watch the person work as he uses the tool to create sparks on the wall .	what continues to watch the person work as he uses the tool to create sparks on the wall ?	camera
3599	A baby calf is seen running around a sand pit when a man riding a horse and swinging a rope begins to chase him .	what is seen running around the sand pit when a man riding a horse and swinging a rope begins to chase him ?	calf
3603	A woman is holding a camera taking a picture .	what is the woman holding ?	camera
3604	A woman in a blue shirt poses with a man for a picture .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
3608	Several people are watching a man in a white hat on a tennis court .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
3609	The man in the white hat is holding his hand up .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
3610	The ball is served and it goes outside the court .	what is served and it goes outside the court ?	ball
3611	The ball is thrown to the man in the white hat .	what is thrown to the man in the white hat ?	ball
3611	The ball is thrown to the man in the white hat .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
3612	The man in the white hat prepares to serve the ball .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
3617	Two men are running on the baseball field .	how many men are running on the baseball field ?	two
3618	A ball appears and falls to the ground at home plate and a man kicks it .	what appears and falls to the ground at home plate and a man kicks it ?	ball
3619	Another man on the field catches the ball .	what does another man on the field catch ?	ball
3628	The camera pans a residence 's yard .	what pans the residence 's yard ?	camera
3629	A man wearing a white hoodie and black warm ups with white stripes is mowing the yard with a push lawn mower .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	white
3629	A man wearing a white hoodie and black warm ups with white stripes is mowing the yard with a push lawn mower .	what is the color of the ups ?	black
3629	A man wearing a white hoodie and black warm ups with white stripes is mowing the yard with a push lawn mower .	what is the color of the stripes ?	white
3630	The camera captures a rain storm starting and raining over the yard while the man continues to mow the yard .	what captures the rain storm starting and raining over the yard while the man continues to mow the yard ?	camera
3637	The man pours a drink into several glasses on the table .	what does the man pour into several glasses on the table ?	drink
3639	She pours a blue bottle into the drink .	what does she pour into the drink ?	bottle
3639	She pours a blue bottle into the drink .	what is the color of the bottle ?	blue
3640	She pours the drink into smaller glasses on the table .	what does she pour into smaller glasses on the table ?	drink
3641	man wearing a black vest is alone on a ring wrestling with another man who is kneeling on the floor .	man wearing what is alone on a ring wrestling with another man who is kneeling on the floor ?	vest
3641	man wearing a black vest is alone on a ring wrestling with another man who is kneeling on the floor .	what is the color of the vest ?	black
3642	two other men gets in the ring and are wresting the man in the center .	how many other men gets in the ring and are wresting the man in the center ?	two
3644	three journalists are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring .	how many journalists are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring ?	three
3648	She decorates the gift with ribbons and attachments to embellish it .	what does she decorate with ribbons and attachments ?	gift
3649	Several other gift wrapping ideas are then shown on the one after the other .	what are then shown on the one after the other ?	ideas
3651	A camera pans down a long list and leads into a group of men and one speaking to them all .	what pans down the long list and leads into a group of men and one speaking to them all ?	camera
3652	Two men shake hands and begin rolling paint along a long paper .	how many men shake hands and begin rolling paint along a long paper ?	two
3655	A woman is sitting outside her home and washing her clothes in a tub filled with water and soap .	what is the woman sitting outside her home and washing in a tub filled with water and soap ?	clothes
3656	She removes the clothes from the tub and then soaks them in another tub filled with water .	she removes what from the tub and then soaks them in another tub filled with water ?	clothes
3657	She puts the water hose into the water tub .	what does she put into the water tub ?	hose
3658	She adds more clothes in the soapy water and continues washing the clothes .	she adds what in the soapy water and continues washing the clothes ?	clothes
3660	young man is in the middle of stage and its spreading white cram on his hands and walks making deep beraths .	what is the color of the cram ?	white
3661	man is ready to lifting weight in middle of a white stage and people behind jim is clapping .	what is the color of the stage ?	white
3663	A person then grades some cheese into a bowl and breaks open the pasta .	the person then grades what into a bowl and breaks open the pasta ?	cheese
3663	A person then grades some cheese into a bowl and breaks open the pasta .	the person then grades some cheese into a bowl and breaks open what ?	pasta
3664	They put the pasta into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts all the ingredients into one pan together .	they put what into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts all the ingredients into one pan together ?	pasta
3664	They put the pasta into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts all the ingredients into one pan together .	they put the pasta into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts what into one pan together ?	ingredients
3666	A woman in a purple bodysuit and wearing a bib on her back approaches a wooden balance beam in front of a large audience who is cheering her on .	what is the color of the bodysuit ?	purple
3667	The woman jumps on the the balance beam and a man quickly grabs the ramp she used to jump onto the balance beam and removes it from the area .	what does the woman jumps on the the balance beam and a man quickly grab ?	ramp
3670	two twins dressed in the same way and with the same hairstyle are in a room talking to the camera .	how many twins dressed in the same way and with the same hairstyle are in a room talking to the camera ?	two
3672	Man in front holds a brushteeth and put some toothpaste and clean his teeth , then the guy introduces the toothbrush into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it .	man in front holds a brushteeth and put what and clean his teeth , then the guy introduces the toothbrush into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it ?	toothpaste
3672	Man in front holds a brushteeth and put some toothpaste and clean his teeth , then the guy introduces the toothbrush into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it .	man in front holds a brushteeth and put some toothpaste and clean his teeth , then the guy introduces what into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it ?	toothbrush
3675	A person in a blue shirt falls down throwing the baseball .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
3685	She turns the pants back the right way and continues ironing them .	she turns what back the right way and continues ironing them ?	pants
3687	A man pivots a canoe helping with an oar .	what does the man pivot helping with an oar ?	canoe
3688	A dog holding a cup in its mouth jumps up on a couch .	what is holding a cup in its mouth jumps up on a couch ?	dog
3689	The dog proceeds to eat something in the cup .	what proceeds to eat something in the cup ?	dog
3689	The dog proceeds to eat something in the cup .	where does the dog proceed to eat something . ?	cup
3696	A man in a red shirt is playing a drum set .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
3697	A man in a blue shirt is sitting down talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
3708	The lady turns the blow dryer off and talks to the camera while she adjusts her hair .	the lady turns blow what off and talks to the camera while she adjusts her hair ?	dryer
3711	Team mates come out waving a white flag .	what is the color of the flag ?	white
3715	the man lassos a cow and throws it to the ground .	the man lassos what and throws it to the ground ?	cow
3716	the man then hog ties the cow .	what does the man then hog tie ?	cow
3717	The man gets back on his horse and we pan up and see the scoreboard .	what does the man get back on his horse and we pan up and see ?	scoreboard
3718	Two little kids are eating an ice cream cone at mcdonalds .	what are two little kids eating at mcdonalds ?	cone
3718	Two little kids are eating an ice cream cone at mcdonalds .	how many little kids are eating an ice cream cone at mcdonalds ?	two
3725	Two men are rollerblading on a sidewalk of a quiet street .	how many men are rollerblading on the sidewalk of a quiet street ?	two
3728	One man jumps over a chained sidewalk while rollerblading .	how many man jumps over the chained sidewalk while rollerblading ?	one
3733	Some of them are climbing stairs with their roller blades .	what are some of them climbing with their roller blades ?	stairs
3736	One man leaps over a wall while rollerblading .	how many man leaps over the wall while rollerblading ?	one
3737	One person dives straight into water as he comes rollerblading at high speed .	how many person dives straight into water as he comes rollerblading at high speed ?	one
3739	Two boys jump into an S shaped structure while rollerblading .	how many boys jump into an s shaped structure while rollerblading ?	two
3740	Two people are doing figure eights on a bridge as they roller blade .	how many people are doing figure eights on a bridge as they roller blade ?	two
3741	One person goes steadily while rollerblading .	how many person goes steadily while rollerblading ?	one
3744	Then she adds moisturizer to her hair and ties a ponytail holder onto her hair .	then she adds moisturizer to her hair and ties what onto her hair ?	holder
3764	Two women are in a room standing behind a table and one holds up a teddy bear .	what are two women in a room standing behind a table and one holds up ?	bear
3764	Two women are in a room standing behind a table and one holds up a teddy bear .	how many women are in the room standing behind a table ?	two
3765	The two the help each other , and begin by taking out a roll of wrapping paper .	how many the help each other , and begin by taking out a roll of wrapping paper ?	two
3766	After , the young girl begins to cut , fold , and tape the paper and places the bear inside .	after , the young girl begins and places what inside ?	bear
3767	Finally , the task is complete and she holds the finished product up on the table .	what is finally , the task complete and she holds up on the table ?	product
3771	The white water polo team huddles together .	what is the color of the team ?	white
3772	The game begins and blue scores while deep in the white defense to tie the game .	what is the color of the scores ?	blue
3772	The game begins and blue scores while deep in the white defense to tie the game .	what is the color of the defense ?	white
3774	Blue moves in and after a couple of passes ties the game back up .	what is the color of the moves ?	blue
3776	A scramble for the ball results in white gaining a 2-on-1 advantage and a goal .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
3786	The man uses two squeegees to clean two windows at the same time .	what does the man use ?	squeegees
3786	The man uses two squeegees to clean two windows at the same time .	how many squeegees does the man use to clean two windows at the same time ?	two
3787	The man finishes and puts his tools in his tool belt .	what does the man finish and puts in his tool belt ?	tools
3787	The man finishes and puts his tools in his tool belt .	where does the man finish and puts his tools . ?	belt
3789	A camera is seen moving closer to a playground and shows a woman going down a slide .	what is seen moving closer to the playground and shows a woman going down a slide ?	camera
3792	Two people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into them passing a ball on sticks to one another .	how many people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into them passing a ball on sticks to one another ?	two
3795	A yellow volleyball is thrown between people in a pool .	what is the color of the volleyball ?	yellow
3796	A person makes a goal with the yellow volleyball in a white net .	what is the color of the volleyball ?	yellow
3796	A person makes a goal with the yellow volleyball in a white net .	what is the color of the net ?	white
3797	The ball is thrown to the other side of the pool where another goal is met in a white net on the opposite side of the pool .	what is thrown to the other side of the pool where another goal is met in a white net on the opposite side of the pool ?	ball
3797	The ball is thrown to the other side of the pool where another goal is met in a white net on the opposite side of the pool .	what is the color of the net ?	white
3798	There 's a person wearing pink gloves doing a tutorial on how to clean a white kitchen sink .	there 's a person wearing what ?	gloves
3798	There 's a person wearing pink gloves doing a tutorial on how to clean a white kitchen sink .	what is the color of the sink ?	white
3799	The person sprays some white cleaning powder in the sink and then sprays some Clorox bleach on it .	what is the color of the powder ?	white
3805	The man is holding a paintbrush .	what is the man holding ?	paintbrush
3806	The man dips the paintbrush into a bucket of paint and starts painting the fence .	the man dips what into a bucket of paint and starts painting the fence ?	paintbrush
3809	A woman standing in front of the white sing , turned on the faucet , got some liquid soap and wash her hand .	the woman standing in front of the white sing , turned on the faucet , got what and wash her hand ?	soap
3809	A woman standing in front of the white sing , turned on the faucet , got some liquid soap and wash her hand .	what is the color of the sing ?	white
3810	She turned around and get some hand napkins from the wall , wiped her hands and threw the paper in the trash basket .	she turned around and get what from the wall , wiped her hands and threw the paper in the trash basket ?	napkins
3813	She then proceeds to mix the wet ingredients in a glass bowl .	where does she then proceed to mix the wet ingredients . ?	bowl
3820	Several clips are shown of robots fighting one another as well as the inside and outside of a building .	what are shown of robots fighting one another as well as the inside and outside of a building ?	clips
3821	More robots are shown close up as well as people adjusting the robots and setting them down to fight .	what are shown close up as well as people adjusting the robots and setting them down to fight ?	robots
3823	A leaf blower machine blows a large pile of leaves around a parking lot .	what blows the large pile of leaves around a parking lot ?	machine
3824	The machine continues moving through the lot and flowing the leaves into a large pile .	what continues moving through the lot and flowing the leaves into a large pile ?	machine
3827	We see chickens running around the background .	what do we see running around the background ?	chickens
3837	They lay the cat down on their lap .	what did they lay down on their lap ?	cat
3845	A man serves a tennis ball with a racket while he talks .	what does the man serve with a racket ?	ball
3846	The man bounces a ball and shows how to move the body , then he serves a ball .	the man bounces what and shows how to move the body , then he serves a ball ?	ball
3846	The man bounces a ball and shows how to move the body , then he serves a ball .	the man bounces a ball and shows , then he serves what ?	ball
3848	We see the opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
3853	We see two teams of men playing soccer indoors .	how many teams do we see of men playing soccer indoors ?	two
3854	Two men collide and fall to the ground .	how many men collide and fall to the ground ?	two
3855	Three men high five and hug each other .	how many men high five and hug each other ?	three
3857	Two sets of people n the crowd are interviewed .	how many sets of people n the crowd are interviewed ?	two
3859	We see three men stand and pose for a photo and a man is interviewed before we return to the game .	we see how many men stand and pose for a photo ?	three
3861	They are driving in a car down a street .	where are they driving . ?	car
3865	More clips are shown of them wakeboarding as well as riding in the boat and jumping into the water .	what are shown of them wakeboarding as well as riding in the boat and jumping into the water ?	clips
3869	She gets her pole and starts running with it and jumps onto the cushion .	she gets what and starts running with it and jumps onto the cushion ?	pole
3870	Then , other women follow suit doing the same after her scoring differently .	what do then , other women follow doing the same after her scoring differently ?	suit
3886	A man throws a ball onto a field .	what does the man throw onto a field ?	ball
3889	A man is standing in a living room .	where is the man standing . ?	room
3892	A group of people , float in a line , down a narrow stream of water in donut shaped , black inflatable rafts .	what is the color of the inflatable ?	black
3893	One woman gets stuck on a rock in the raft and shimmies herself loose .	how many woman gets stuck on the rock in the raft and shimmies herself loose ?	one
3894	man is holding a impact drill pulling out a car wheel .	what is man holding ?	drill
3896	car is in street next to a mountain .	what is in street next to a mountain ?	car
3896	car is in street next to a mountain .	where is car . ?	street
3899	Two men places hooks on the guy .	how many men places hooks on the guy ?	two
3900	A man release a rope .	what do the man release ?	rope
3902	A toy dog is walking on the floor .	what is walking on the floor ?	dog
3904	Someone picks the dog up and puts it back down .	someone picks what up and puts it back down ?	dog
3911	We see ladies dealing cards on purple tables in a casino with no customers .	what is the color of the tables ?	purple
3924	A man in a red shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
3925	Two men skateboarding at an indoor skate park along side each other .	how many men skateboarding at an indoor skate park along side each other ?	two
3927	One of them tries again and again and the other gets a stick out of his bag and extends it towards the rail .	what does one of them try again and again and the other gets out of his bag and extends it towards the rail ?	stick
3928	Then , another male comes and joins in , they play rock paper scissors and get back on board .	then , , they play what and get back on board ?	scissors
3929	We see a basketball title screen .	what do we see basketball ?	screen
3934	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
3935	We see an animated opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
3940	We see the man skate across a bench then put on sunglasses .	what do we see across a bench then put on sunglasses ?	skate
3942	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
3943	two girl teams play field hockey with hockey sticks and a small ball .	how many girl teams play field hockey with hockey sticks and a small ball ?	two
3945	We see a man dive into a pool in slow motion .	what do we see into a pool in slow motion ?	dive
3952	The sun peeks from behind the clouds and lights the scene up .	what peeks from behind the clouds and lights the scene up ?	sun
3956	The man stops and empties his bag again .	the man stops and empties what again ?	bag
3957	The man empties his bag and puts it back on the mower and walks away .	the man empties what and puts it back on the mower and walks away ?	bag
3965	The man interviews the camera and leads into another dancer performing steps .	the man interviews what and leads into another dancer performing steps ?	camera
3970	He then places two pieces of fruit on top , and eats them off with his mouth .	he then places how many pieces of fruit on top , and eats them off with his mouth ?	two
3971	Descriptive text is shown against a red movie curtain backdrop .	what is the color of the backdrop ?	red
3982	someone open the curtains and is a man that is inside and runs from the bathroom with a mask on his face .	someone open what and is a man that is inside and runs from the bathroom with a mask on his face ?	curtains
3986	A red and blue triple-A logo is pictured on a white screen and then the screen flashes to a big snow truck .	what is the red and blue triple-a logo pictured on a white screen and then flashes to a big snow truck ?	screen
3986	A red and blue triple-A logo is pictured on a white screen and then the screen flashes to a big snow truck .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
3990	A man wearing a white shirt and a camouflage print hat and ear and lip piercings is demonstrating how to do permanent tattoos .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
3992	Then he places a stencil on the client 's arm to lay down the outline of the tattoo .	what does then he place on the client 's arm to lay down the outline of the tattoo ?	stencil
3997	A little baby is outside holding a stick attempting to hit the pinata with it .	what is the little baby outside holding attempting to hit the pinata with it ?	stick
4004	A man is outside in a soccer field putting his equipment in a book bag .	what is the man outside in a soccer field putting in a book bag ?	equipment
4004	A man is outside in a soccer field putting his equipment in a book bag .	where is the man outside in a soccer field putting his equipment . ?	bag
4012	The boy in the hat kicks the ball back to the field hockey player and another player is seen .	what does the boy in the hat kick back to the field hockey player and another player is seen ?	ball
4013	The two field hockey players are seen running around and hitting the field hockey ball with their sticks .	how many field hockey players are seen running around and hitting the field hockey ball with their sticks ?	two
4016	The disc travels down the court before stopping , as do further discs .	what travels down the court before stopping , as do further discs ?	disc
4019	Two of the passengers are seated on folding chairs and they 're playing drums on bongos .	what are two of the passengers seated on folding chairs and they 're playing on bongos ?	drums
4023	After they stop playing , one person applauds them .	how many person do after they stop playing , applauds them ?	one
4024	Three men exhibit hammer throws in an outdoor Olympic event surrounded by onlookers on the field and in bleachers .	what does three men throw in an outdoor olympic event surrounded by onlookers on the field and in bleachers ?	hammer
4024	Three men exhibit hammer throws in an outdoor Olympic event surrounded by onlookers on the field and in bleachers .	how many men exhibit hammer throws in an outdoor olympic event surrounded by onlookers on the field and in bleachers ?	three
4025	Two more men perform a hammer throw in the same way releasing the hammer into the air to fly out into a field .	how many more men perform the hammer throw in the same way releasing the hammer into the air to fly out into a field ?	two
4026	Three men stand in the middle of a field and hold up medals that hanging around their necks .	how many men stand in the middle of a field and hold up medals that hanging around their necks ?	three
4028	A person starts the mower and begins pushing it alongside the rock border .	the person starts what and begins pushing it alongside the rock border ?	mower
4031	Children are riding the bumper cars at an amusement park or carnival .	what are children riding at an amusement park or carnival ?	cars
4032	A Traffic jam traps the little girls in the middle of cars .	what traps the little girls in the middle of cars ?	jam
4035	A dog is seen running up and down the field in the middle of the audience .	what is seen running up and down the field in the middle of the audience ?	dog
4036	The dog keeps running back and fourth while the camera watches from the side .	what keeps running back and fourth while the camera watches from the side ?	dog
4037	A person in a black shirt gets hit by a ball .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
4038	People standing on the beach are tossing around an orange ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	orange
4040	We see a colorful and playful title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4045	The lady in white sees the camera and hides .	what is the color of the lady ?	white
4050	Several people in a lab create a formula , and interview with a journalist , interspersed with images of people applying sunscreen to themselves .	where do several people create a formula , and interview with a journalist , interspersed with images of people applying sunscreen to themselves . ?	lab
4052	A woman in a lab prepares a formula of varied ingredients interspersed with talking to a camera .	where does the woman prepare a formula of varied ingredients interspersed with talking to a camera . ?	lab
4053	young man is playing the harmonica .	what is young man playing ?	harmonica
4060	Some guys in a room prepare to do a trick with a beer can .	where do some guys prepare to do a trick with a beer can . ?	room
4068	A close up of a white fencing mask and a black fencing mask .	what is the color of the mask ?	white
4068	A close up of a white fencing mask and a black fencing mask .	what is the color of the mask ?	black
4070	Two competitors discus fencing strategies .	how many competitors discus fencing strategies ?	two
4074	The car show shows the inside of some pretty neat cars with beautiful exteriors .	what shows the inside of some pretty neat cars with beautiful exteriors ?	show
4080	She folds the pants neatly on an ironing board and begins ironing the paints thoroughly .	she folds what neatly on an ironing board and begins ironing the paints thoroughly ?	pants
4081	The camera focuses on a smiling man seated next to others .	what focuses on the smiling man seated next to others ?	camera
4088	We see the man outdoors swimming and make 3 goals .	we see the man outdoors swimming and make how many goals ?	three
4090	A group of boys are shown running down a gym holding hands and putting their hands into the air .	how many holding hands are the group of boys shown running down and putting their hands into the air ?	gym
4093	We see two little girls in coats playing in the sand .	how many little girls do we see in coats playing in the sand ?	two
4094	We pan left and see the ocean .	we pan left and see what ?	ocean
4102	A blue screen flashes with yellow writing with a title page and several paragraphs .	what flashes with yellow writing with a title page and several paragraphs ?	screen
4102	A blue screen flashes with yellow writing with a title page and several paragraphs .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
4102	A blue screen flashes with yellow writing with a title page and several paragraphs .	what is the color of the writing ?	yellow
4105	Ingredients are shown on a sliver platter .	what are shown on the sliver platter ?	ingredients
4106	A man begins chopping food on a black chopping board .	what is the color of the board ?	black
4107	He adds pasta to a large pot on the stove .	what does he add to a large pot on the stove ?	pasta
4110	He puts the pasta into a bowl .	what does he put into a bowl ?	pasta
4118	A group of kids are running between orange cones on a court .	what is the color of the cones ?	orange
4120	A woman is ironing a brown shirt on an ironing board .	what is the color of the shirt ?	brown
4123	She lifts the shirt up and puts it over the ironing board .	she lifts what up and puts it over the ironing board ?	shirt
4124	She turns the shirt inside out and holds it up .	she turns what out and holds it up ?	inside
4126	We see an intro screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4127	The girl sits at the table and shows a gift bag .	the girl sits at the table and shows what ?	bag
4128	A cat runs across the table and jumps off .	what runs across the table and jumps off ?	cat
4130	The girl moves the cat off the table and onto the floor .	what does the girl move off the table and onto the floor ?	cat
4132	Several cups are shown sitting on a table with a man standing behind .	what are shown sitting on the table with a man standing behind ?	cups
4133	The man then throws the ball into a cup and cheers .	what does the man then throw into a cup and cheers ?	ball
4135	People wash a car with water using a hose .	what do people wash with water using a hose ?	car
4137	Then , the men put soap on the car , after they rinse the car with water .	what did then , the men put on the car , ?	soap
4139	A kid rides an inner tube down a big snow hill .	what did the kid rid down a big snow hill ?	tube
4149	An older gentleman is brushing a brown horse .	what is an older gentleman brushing ?	horse
4149	An older gentleman is brushing a brown horse .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
4151	The horse lifts its leg up .	what lifts its leg up ?	horse
4152	A dog is seen laying comfortably in a large bowl with a man beside him .	what is seen laying comfortably in the large bowl with a man beside him ?	dog
4154	The man continues to clean off the dog in the bath .	where does the man continue to clean off the dog . ?	bath
4155	People are playing dodge ball in a gym .	what are people playing in a gym ?	ball
4155	People are playing dodge ball in a gym .	where are people playing dodge ball . ?	gym
4157	A man pushes a tube down a hill .	what does the man push down a hill ?	tube
4159	A person in a red jacket is standing at the bottom .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
4165	man is skateboarding in street and a car almost run over .	where is man skateboarding and a car almost run over . ?	street
4167	a lot of people are on a marathon running in street while people is on sides .	where are the lot of people on a marathon running while people is on sides . ?	street
4169	A man in a black shirt is talking on a basketball court .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
4173	The dog fetches plates that the lady tosses .	what fetches plates that the lady tosses ?	dog
4173	The dog fetches plates that the lady tosses .	what does the dog fetch ?	plates
4174	A second dog joins the act on stage .	what joins the act on stage ?	dog
4175	The dogs fetch plates together .	what fetch plates together ?	dogs
4175	The dogs fetch plates together .	what do the dogs fetch together ?	plates
4176	A dog continuously jumps over another dog and into the lady 's hand .	what continuously jumps over another dog and into the lady 's hand ?	dog
4177	A dog jumps through hula hoops .	what jumps through hula hoops ?	dog
4178	A dog jumps from the stage onto the lady 's back .	what jumps from the stage onto the lady 's back ?	dog
4179	A dog bites on a red plate and does not let go .	what bites on the red plate and does not let go ?	dog
4179	A dog bites on a red plate and does not let go .	what is the color of the plate ?	red
4180	A dog jumps on a lady 's elevated soles .	what jumps on the lady 's elevated soles ?	dog
4187	She sprays the shoe with Windex and wipes it off .	she sprays what with windex and wipes it off ?	shoe
4190	A guy wearing a red plaid shirt is showing a tutorial on how to trim and prune trees in a garden .	the guy wearing what is showing a tutorial on how to trim and prune trees in a garden ?	shirt
4190	A guy wearing a red plaid shirt is showing a tutorial on how to trim and prune trees in a garden .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
4198	A man is holding a jump rope and talking .	what is the man holding and talking ?	rope
4203	Two men are arm wrestling on a table .	how many men are arm wrestling on a table ?	two
4206	A woman is adding ingredients to a pan on the stove .	what is the woman adding to a pan on the stove ?	ingredients
4207	She stirs the ingredients in the pan .	where does she stir the ingredients . ?	pan
4210	The larger dog is holding a leash in his mouth .	what is holding the leash in his mouth ?	dog
4211	The smaller dog is attached to the leash , and is essentially being led by the larger dog on the walk .	what is attached to the leash , and is essentially being led by the larger dog on the walk ?	dog
4214	A man in a white hat is standing next to the man .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
4215	One of the men throws a rock into the air .	what does one of the men throw into the air ?	rock
4216	Families are outside in a large field standing behind an orange make shift fence listening to a woman talk into a microphone .	what is the color of the fence ?	orange
4218	This activity continues and the dog begins jumping over the dog 's head and its back .	what does this activity continue and begins jumping over the dog 's head and its back ?	dog
4219	Others then join in and the boy picks up the dog and walks away .	others then join in and the boy picks up what and walks away ?	dog
4220	man wearing a red shirt is standing in a large green field behind kids .	man wearing what is standing in a large green field behind kids ?	shirt
4220	man wearing a red shirt is standing in a large green field behind kids .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
4220	man wearing a red shirt is standing in a large green field behind kids .	what is the color of the field ?	green
4229	A man with an umbrella is wiping his car during the rain .	what is the man with an umbrella wiping during the rain ?	car
4235	Then , the woman lights a cigarette and smokes .	then , the woman lights what and smokes ?	cigarette
4237	A group of rafters carries a raft down a path .	what does the group of rafters carry down a path ?	raft
4238	Groups of rafters ride down a river going over small waterfalls .	what do groups of rafters ride down going over small waterfalls ?	river
4239	The rafters climb out from there boat onto the shore and walk up the path .	what climb out from there boat onto the shore and walk up the path ?	rafters
4239	The rafters climb out from there boat onto the shore and walk up the path .	the rafters climb out from there what onto the shore and walk up the path ?	boat
4241	The rafters enjoy an outdoor lunch at a beach house .	what enjoy an outdoor lunch at a beach house ?	rafters
4241	The rafters enjoy an outdoor lunch at a beach house .	what do the rafters enjoy at a beach house ?	lunch
4246	A seal swims in the ocean .	what swims in the ocean ?	seal
4248	The dog is shown with a human on a ship , with part of its scuba equipment on .	what is shown with the human on a ship , with part of its scuba equipment on ?	dog
4251	The cat is shown swimming and scuba diving .	what is shown swimming and scuba diving ?	cat
4253	Two people are dancing on a dance floor .	how many people are dancing on the dance floor ?	two
4257	He hits the ball , setting a game into motion .	what does he hit , ?	ball
4258	The players fight over the ball , getting it into the goal and the audience cheers .	what do the players fight over , ?	ball
4261	A girl enters the room and see the bears , then she leaves the room .	the girl enters what and see the bears , then she leaves the room ?	room
4261	A girl enters the room and see the bears , then she leaves the room .	the girl enters the room and see what , then she leaves the room ?	bears
4261	A girl enters the room and see the bears , then she leaves the room .	the girl enters the room and see the bears , then she leaves what ?	room
4266	Finally , razors are taken out and the barber begins to edge the man 's hair and the barber goes over the hair one final time with the comb and scissors .	what are finally , taken out and the barber begins to edge the man 's hair and the barber goes over the hair one final time with the comb and scissors ?	razors
4266	Finally , razors are taken out and the barber begins to edge the man 's hair and the barber goes over the hair one final time with the comb and scissors .	how many final time does the barber begin to edge the man 's hair and the barber goes over with the comb and scissors ?	one
4274	Two women are riding on the back of a four wheeler , and waving .	how many women are riding on the back of a four wheeler , and waving ?	two
4277	A man plays the saxophone in various public settings while the audiences watch .	what does the man play in various public settings ?	saxophone
4283	A man in a black shirt dives and hits the ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
4287	One man runs away to grab the ball and leads back into them playing .	how many man runs away to grab the ball and leads back into them playing ?	one
4289	Several shots are then shown of people riding down a riving in a raft while some fall out .	where are several shots then shown of people riding down a riving while some fall out . ?	raft
4290	More clips are shown of people riding in the water as well as falling out and yelling to the camera .	what are shown of people riding in the water as well as falling out and yelling to the camera ?	clips
4295	Several clips are shown of people running around , catching and throwing the ball , as well as partying on the side .	what are shown of people running around , catching and throwing the ball , as well as partying on the side ?	clips
4297	green signs on a pole .	what is the color of the signs ?	green
4299	man is polishing a black car while people is watching .	what is man polishing ?	car
4299	man is polishing a black car while people is watching .	what is the color of the car ?	black
4300	two men are cleaning the car on the outside and the inside .	what are two men cleaning on the outside and the inside ?	car
4300	two men are cleaning the car on the outside and the inside .	how many men are cleaning the car on the outside and the inside ?	two
4301	three cars are parked in front of the store .	what are parked in front of the store ?	cars
4301	three cars are parked in front of the store .	how many cars are parked in front of the store ?	three
4303	The man backs the horse up a bit and then takes off chasing a calf and roping him and tying him down .	the man backs what up a bit and then takes off chasing a calf and roping him and tying him down ?	horse
4309	A car is seen driving along the road that leads into people tightening roads and grabbing drinks .	what is seen driving along the road that leads into people tightening roads and grabbing drinks ?	car
4310	Several clips are shown of people walking across the rope as well as bouncing on it .	what are shown of people walking across the rope as well as bouncing on it ?	clips
4313	He does this to his other foot and then walks along the rocks while a man records him and others walk around .	he does this to his other foot and then walks along what ?	rocks
4315	The girl briefly stops talking , and then backs up and brings the violin to her chin as she 's talking and then starts playing by pulling the fiddle across the strings .	what does the girl briefly stop , and then backs up and brings to her chin ?	violin
4317	The girl stops playing and pulls he violin away from her chin .	the girl stops playing and pulls what away from her chin ?	violin
4318	A man wearing scuba gear walks along the edge of a swimming pool .	the man wearing what walks along the edge of a swimming pool ?	gear
4319	The man starts talking to the camera and shows the camera various items .	the man starts and shows what various items ?	camera
4320	The camera shows the swimming pool .	what shows the swimming pool ?	camera
4320	The camera shows the swimming pool .	what does the camera show ?	pool
4322	The man enters the swimming pool and proceeds to place a cover on the drain while under water in the scuba gear .	the man enters what and proceeds to place a cover on the drain while under water in the scuba gear ?	pool
4324	The man shows the bubbles the tool makes underwater while bobbing his head .	what does the man show ?	bubbles
4325	Two slicess of bread , a plate , and two slices of cheese are on the counter .	how many slicess of bread , a plate , and two slices of cheese are on the counter ?	two
4326	The person then takes one slice , spreads the butter over it and puts two slices of cheese on it and adds the other slice on top of it .	the person then takes one slice , spreads the butter over it and puts two slices of cheese on it and adds what on top of it ?	slice
4326	The person then takes one slice , spreads the butter over it and puts two slices of cheese on it and adds the other slice on top of it .	the person then takes how many slice , spreads the butter over it and puts two slices of cheese on it and adds the other slice on top of it ?	one
4327	The sandwich now has butter on both sides and the sandwich is placed in a skillet and is fried .	what now has butter on both sides and the sandwich is placed in a skillet and is fried ?	sandwich
4327	The sandwich now has butter on both sides and the sandwich is placed in a skillet and is fried .	what does the sandwich now have butter on both sides and is placed in a skillet and is fried ?	sandwich
4327	The sandwich now has butter on both sides and the sandwich is placed in a skillet and is fried .	where does the sandwich now have butter on both sides and the sandwich is placed and is fried . ?	skillet
4328	Once complete , it is placed on a red plate and cut in half with a thick knife .	what is the color of the plate ?	red
4331	The people continue working and the sun shines down on a tree .	what do the people continue and shines down on a tree ?	sun
4332	Two people are seen standing outside on a mat .	how many people are seen standing outside on the mat ?	two
4333	One person then grabs the other person by the legs .	how many person then grabs the other person by the legs ?	one
4334	The men then flip each other down on the ground .	the men then flip what on the ground ?	down
4337	A train is driving on the tracks .	what is driving on the tracks ?	train
4342	A pair of hands are shown at a black jack table .	what is the color of the table ?	black
4344	The chips are shown in a stack at the end .	what are shown in the stack at the end ?	chips
4347	An old man in black shirt and eye glasses is sitting on a green table , in front of him are book , chips with different colors and stack of cards .	what is the color of the table ?	green
4348	He placed the cards on the table , on top of the yellow stars on the table , he arrange the cards in horizontal way .	what is the color of the stars ?	yellow
4349	The woman is shown emptying two different foods onto the plate to make a fruit salad .	how many different foods is the woman shown emptying onto the plate to make a fruit salad ?	two
4351	Then she sprinkles little berries onto the other fruit .	what does then she sprinkle onto the other fruit ?	berries
4352	There is a man kneeling down on a red yoga mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	red
4356	A water vehicle is pulling a man holding a rope .	what is pulling the man holding a rope ?	vehicle
4364	The children let go the rope , jump up and down , plus cheer .	what do the children let go , jump up and down , plus cheer ?	rope
4369	A man in a white shirt does a hand stand on the rope .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
4371	Two girls practice fencing in a school gym with protective gear on and a coach against the wall watching and coaching them as they fence .	how many girls practice fencing in a school gym with protective gear on and a coach against the wall watching and coaching them as they fence ?	two
4372	Both girls end the spar and remove their head gear as they talk to the coach .	both girls end the spar and remove what ?	gear
4373	A woman in a green sweater puts on a face mask .	what is the color of the sweater ?	green
4374	She paints a wooden fence .	what does she paint ?	fence
4378	Two men are talking in front of a helicopter .	how many men are talking in front of a helicopter ?	two
4384	A black screen appears and it has a lot of white words on it that include the name , height , weight , years games , points phone number and email for player # 23 .	what appears and it has a lot of white words on it that include the name , height , weight , years games , points phone number and email for player # 23 ?	screen
4384	A black screen appears and it has a lot of white words on it that include the name , height , weight , years games , points phone number and email for player # 23 .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
4384	A black screen appears and it has a lot of white words on it that include the name , height , weight , years games , points phone number and email for player # 23 .	what is the color of the words ?	white
4385	Various clips of different hockey games play and occassionaly a yellow arrow will appear pointing out the # 23 player in each different hockey game clip .	what is the color of the arrow ?	yellow
4385	Various clips of different hockey games play and occassionaly a yellow arrow will appear pointing out the # 23 player in each different hockey game clip .	where do various clips of different hockey games play and occassionaly a yellow arrow will appear pointing out the # 23 player . ?	clip
4386	A black screen appears again and it 's the same as the screen that was the intro that includes the same information on player # 23 .	what appears again and it 's the same as the screen that was the intro that includes the same information on player # 23 ?	screen
4386	A black screen appears again and it 's the same as the screen that was the intro that includes the same information on player # 23 .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
4393	A man in a red shirt is clapping his hands .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
4396	An intro black screen appears and the word Poweriser flashes .	what appears and the word poweriser flashes ?	screen
4396	An intro black screen appears and the word Poweriser flashes .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
4399	A woman in a white shirt is sitting down .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
4400	She pours some product into her palm .	what does she pour into her palm ?	product
4406	Meanwhile , the chef is putting ingredients and explaining the process of what he is doing and why into the pan .	what is meanwhile , the chef putting and explaining the process of what he is doing and why into the pan ?	ingredients
4408	A man in a red shirt walks around a ladder .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
4410	A woman places red wallpaper up against a wall .	what is the color of the wallpaper ?	red
4411	She smooths the red wall paper out with her hands and with a tool .	what does she smooth out with her hands and with a tool ?	paper
4411	She smooths the red wall paper out with her hands and with a tool .	what is the color of the paper ?	red
4413	The woman places a tool on the top and bottom of the wallpaper and removes any extra wallpaper .	the woman places what on the top and bottom of the wallpaper and removes any extra wallpaper ?	tool
4414	The man in the red shirt is talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
4417	We see one lady in a sunny field with a hose .	how many lady do we see in a sunny field with a hose ?	one
4418	We see a small dog on the back of the horse .	what do we see on the back of the horse ?	dog
4422	We see the end credit emblem .	what do we see ?	emblem
4424	The man then throws the dart in slow motion while the camera continues to follow him .	what does the man then throw in slow motion ?	dart
4425	A man places a tile onto the floor and pushes it down .	the man places what onto the floor and pushes it down ?	tile
4427	He moves the vent that is on the floor next to the tile .	what does he move ?	vent
4428	A person pours vinegar in a sink on a towel .	what does the person pour in a sink on a towel ?	vinegar
4429	The person then uses the towel to rub the surface of the sink .	what does the person then use ?	towel
4430	The person drops the towel and picks it up .	the person drops what and picks it up ?	towel
4431	We see two men fencing in a stadium .	how many men do we see fencing in a stadium ?	two
4435	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4436	A woman is dancing and mopping in the kitchen .	where is the woman dancing and mopping . ?	kitchen
4438	The woman notices the camera and laughs , but continues dancing .	the woman notices what and laughs , but continues dancing ?	camera
4439	A technician walks along a roof and sprays it using a wand attached to a hose .	the technician walks along what and sprays it using a wand attached to a hose ?	roof
4448	One man fist bumps another and ends by walking away .	how many man fist bumps another and ends by walking away ?	one
4451	A black dog is shown looking into the camera .	what is shown looking into the camera ?	dog
4451	A black dog is shown looking into the camera .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
4453	The chair is shown to have scratches .	what is shown to have scratches ?	chair
4459	The man returns later after the chair dries with a yellow bottle and is now wearing a hat and glasses .	what is the color of the bottle ?	yellow
4460	The man begins to wipe the chair again using whatever was in the yellow bottle .	what is the color of the bottle ?	yellow
4461	After this is complete the cushion is put back onto the chair as it is wiped down one more time .	what is put back onto the chair as it is wiped down one more time ?	cushion
4461	After this is complete the cushion is put back onto the chair as it is wiped down one more time .	after this is complete the cushion is put back onto the chair as it is wiped down how many more time ?	one
4462	People make a hole on the shore of the beach using shovels .	what do people make on the shore of the beach using shovels ?	hole
4467	We see a dark opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4468	We then see two men practicing martial arts .	how many men do we then see practicing martial arts ?	two
4475	The Man in white is flipped .	what is the color of the man ?	white
4476	Older man pushes green man to ground .	what is the color of the man ?	green
4479	woman is holding a nail clipper and cut the cat 's nails explaining the right way to do it .	woman is holding what and cut the cat 's nails explaining the right way to do it ?	clipper
4479	woman is holding a nail clipper and cut the cat 's nails explaining the right way to do it .	woman is holding a nail clipper and cut what nails ?	cat
4480	Two boys sits talking as they hold their cell phones .	how many boys sits talking as they hold their cell phones ?	two
4481	The boys are wrestling in Sumo costumes as two other boys films them with camera .	the boys are wrestling in sumo costumes as how many other boys films them with camera ?	two
4482	One boy get and hits the other with a ladder and they hit each other .	how many boy get and hits the other with a ladder ?	one
4483	The boy in red grabs and hits the green boy on the ladder with a guitar .	what is the color of the boy ?	green
4484	The red boy brings an ironing board and jumps on the other boy from the ladder .	what is the color of the boy ?	red
4485	The green boy runs into the other boy with a minibike .	what is the color of the boy ?	green
4487	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4489	She walks over to a sink , puts on gloves and washes dishes .	she walks over to a sink , puts on gloves and washes what ?	dishes
4490	A woman is standing in a kitchen .	where is the woman standing . ?	kitchen
4491	She puts ingredients into a glass bowl and mixes it together .	she puts what into a glass bowl and mixes it together ?	ingredients
4493	She combines all the ingredients into the bowl and mixes it together .	she combines what into the bowl and mixes it together ?	ingredients
4494	She grates cheese onto the top of the food .	what does she grate onto the top of the food ?	cheese
4495	She then puts salad on top of that .	what does she then put on top of that ?	salad
4501	Then , the surfboard floats on front a metal structure .	what does then , float on front a metal structure ?	surfboard
4508	Several clips are shown of people throwing bowling balls down a lane as well as close ups of balls and pins .	what are shown of people throwing bowling balls down a lane as well as close ups of balls and pins ?	clips
4510	A bunch of brown leaves on green grass are blowing away together .	what is the color of the leaves ?	brown
4510	A bunch of brown leaves on green grass are blowing away together .	what is the color of the grass ?	green
4511	The end of the leaf blower is closer to the grass and is blowing an even bigger area of brown leaves .	what is the color of the leaves ?	brown
4516	The camels lay down on the ground and the people step off of them .	what lay down on the ground and the people step off of them ?	camels
4517	A girl in a bra is standing in her bathroom and brushing her hair .	where is the girl standing in her bathroom and brushing her hair . ?	bra
4522	As he throws his lasso , he misses the cow and runs to get something before going back to the cow .	, he misses what and runs to get something before going back to the cow ?	cow
4524	Three men sitting by the counter are sitting watching TV and then ladies in cheerdancing outfit started dancing as the men stare at them .	how many men is sitting by the counter are sitting watching tv ?	three
4530	A man in a red shirt begins talking in front of a wall of tool consisting of wrench , screws , ax and drills .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
4531	He then holds up a small silver piece and begins sticking it into the chain of the bike .	he then holds up what and begins sticking it into the chain of the bike ?	piece
4532	Next , he takes a black utensil , moves the pedals around and takes the chain completely off .	what is the color of the utensil ?	black
4537	A lady in a gym punches both of her arms across her chest .	where does the lady punch both of her arms across her chest . ?	gym
4544	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4545	A man is spraying a sink with a pressure washer .	what is the man spraying with a pressure washer ?	sink
4546	The man sprays a toilet and then sprays the sink again .	what did the man spray and then sprays the sink again ?	toilet
4549	The man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor .	the man adjusts what and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor ?	machine
4549	The man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor .	the man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry what and mops the floor ?	sink
4549	The man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor .	the man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops what ?	floor
4550	A couple and a child are in a living room .	where are the couple and a child . ?	room
4557	man is holding a video recorder .	what is man holding ?	recorder
4558	A man in a black shirt is talking outside near a track and field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
4563	Two people are seen doing flips and kicks around one another in a large circle surrounded by people .	how many people are seen doing flips and kicks around one another in a large circle surrounded by people ?	two
4567	The man puts a brick behind his tire and grabs his supplies to change his tire .	the man puts what behind his tire and grabs his supplies to change his tire ?	brick
4568	The man loosens the bolts and jacks the car up and removes the tire .	the man loosens the bolts and jacks the car up and removes what ?	tire
4569	The man puts on his spare and lowers the car to the ground .	the man puts on his spare and lowers what to the ground ?	car
4572	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4573	A camera pans all around a heated pool and leads into a person climbing in a kayak and moving around the pool .	what pans all around a heated pool and leads into a person climbing in a kayak and moving around the pool ?	camera
4577	Two men are sitting in the middle of drums and explaining about the instruments .	how many men are sitting in the middle of drums and explaining about the instruments ?	two
4583	A knitter 's hoop is shown lying on cloth , and a woman paints a design into the cloth .	what is shown lying on cloth , and a woman paints a design into the cloth ?	hoop
4584	She forms many leaves and flowers in orange shades .	what is the color of the shades ?	orange
4585	When she is done , she shows off the flower design .	what does , she show off ?	design
4586	A man sits and plays a black grand piano in an empty auditorium .	what is the color of the piano ?	black
4586	A man sits and plays a black grand piano in an empty auditorium .	where does the man sit and plays a black grand piano . ?	auditorium
4587	We see three people in the front row watching and listening to the man as he plays and one person one row behind them .	how many people do we see in the front row watching and listening to the man as he plays and one person one row behind them ?	three
4591	A person is slicing bread with a knife .	what is the person slicing with a knife ?	bread
4592	They mix ingredients in a bowl .	they mix what in a bowl ?	ingredients
4593	They cook the bread on a grill .	they cook what on a grill ?	bread
4595	A rustic static bike of wood is in a room .	where is the rustic static bike of wood . ?	room
4596	Then , a man pedal the bike while showing the handle .	then , the man pedal what while showing the handle ?	bicycle
4601	A male is standing by the white door , he is holding rectangular wood , and on the other hand is a board that holds big chunk of brown clay .	what is the color of the door ?	white
4601	A male is standing by the white door , he is holding rectangular wood , and on the other hand is a board that holds big chunk of brown clay .	what is the color of the clay ?	brown
4602	He pointed the wall and started to spread the brown clay on the wall , she spread it by rubbing it smoothly and in half circle way .	he pointed what and started to spread the brown clay on the wall , she spread it by rubbing it smoothly and in half circle way ?	wall
4602	He pointed the wall and started to spread the brown clay on the wall , she spread it by rubbing it smoothly and in half circle way .	what is the color of the clay ?	brown
4608	The people go over a small waterfall and their raft is overturned .	what do the people go over a small waterfall and is overturned ?	raft
4610	The camera pans up to show nature and fades to white .	what pans up to show nature and fades to white ?	camera
4611	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4619	Two A girl exercise on the uneven bars behind the teen .	how many a girl exercise on the uneven bars behind the teen ?	two
4621	A man in a red shirt is playing with only one shoe on .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
4625	A man and a woman decorate a Christmas tree from decorations around the room in sped-up video .	what do the man and a woman decorate from decorations around the room in sped-up video ?	tree
4626	A dog walks through the camera frame .	what walks through the camera frame ?	dog
4627	The man leaves the camera frame .	what does the man leave ?	frame
4630	The completed tree is shown by itself .	what is shown by itself ?	tree
4633	Several clips are shown of people holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball into the distance .	what are shown of people holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball into the distance ?	clips
4636	A female gymnast mounts a high beam in a gym .	where does the female gymnast mount a high beam . ?	gym
4638	A boy in the background climbs a rope as she dismounts .	what does the boy in the background climb ?	rope
4639	A woman in a white shirt is standing by an exercise machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
4644	The darts hit the dart board in slow motion .	what did the darts hit in slow motion ?	board
4646	One person is seen standing on the horse and the camera continues to follow the people riding along on the horses .	what is one person seen and continues to follow the people riding along on the horses ?	camera
4646	One person is seen standing on the horse and the camera continues to follow the people riding along on the horses .	how many person is seen standing on the horse ?	one
4649	All three girls stand and then drop a bottle cap to move forward with their jumps .	all three girls stand and then drop what ?	cap
4649	All three girls stand and then drop a bottle cap to move forward with their jumps .	how many girls stand and then drop the bottle cap to move forward with their jumps ?	three
4651	A man and a woman in a garage style weight room demonstrate how to lift a weight bar with the woman exhibiting the lifting of the weights .	where do the man and a woman demonstrate how to lift a weight bar with the woman exhibiting the lifting of the weights . ?	room
4652	A man in a black t-shirt and sandals stands next to a woman in a garage style weight room .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	black
4653	The woman picks up a weight bar using the knees to bend as the man talks and points to her muscle groups .	what does the woman pick up using the knees to bend as the man talks and points to her muscle groups ?	bar
4662	A bull fighter is shown fighting a bull .	what is shown fighting the bull ?	fighter
4666	A lawn mower is being pushed through grass .	what is being pushed through grass ?	mower
4672	The camera turned around , then turned back to the girl swinging , she is twisting the chains of the swing , and she is swirling around with the swing .	what turned around , then turned back to the girl swinging , she is twisting the chains of the swing , and she is swirling around with the swing ?	camera
4673	The girl in black shirt and black skirt and tights keeps swing so fast and high and then she jumped on the sandy ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
4674	The girl climbed the climber , she put her feet up while her arms and hands are holding the bar .	what did the girl climb , ?	climber
4676	The girl is sitting on blue bouncing chair while she look on her side , she stood up , continue to pull her weight forward and backward .	what is the color of the chair ?	blue
4678	A blue backdrop is pictured with white words saying titling , `` Mowing the Lawn May 2009 '' .	what is pictured with white words saying titling , `` mowing the lawn may 2009 '' ?	backdrop
4678	A blue backdrop is pictured with white words saying titling , `` Mowing the Lawn May 2009 '' .	what is the color of the backdrop ?	blue
4678	A blue backdrop is pictured with white words saying titling , `` Mowing the Lawn May 2009 '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
4679	A middle aged man is outside , wearing a white muscle short and red shorts pushing a lawn mower in his yard .	what is the color of the muscle ?	white
4700	People are playing wall ball in the room .	where are people playing wall ball . ?	room
4702	Two men are shown playing soccer in a gym followed by a pan out showing more players .	how many men are shown playing soccer in a gym followed by a pan out showing more players ?	two
4703	The man is white leads the ball down the gym several times and performing various tricks and goals .	what is the color of the leads ?	white
4705	A man is trying to lift weights in a gym .	where is the man trying to lift weights . ?	gym
4706	He lifts the barbell up to his chest .	what does he lift up to his chest ?	barbell
4711	The camera follows him gliding out into the water gradually going further and further .	what follows him gliding out into the water gradually going further and further ?	camera
4712	We see a black opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4712	We see a black opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
4713	We see a blue track with people running on it .	what do we see with people running on it ?	track
4713	We see a blue track with people running on it .	what is the color of the track ?	blue
4716	We then see the man jump at 6 ' 2 '' and he knocks the pole over .	what do we then see the man jump at 6 ' 2 '' and he knocks over ?	pole
4721	He dips it in the bucket , continuing to pretend to paint .	where did he dip it , continuing to pretend to paint . ?	bucket
4722	A man washes a car with a brush , while three people rinse the car with hoses .	the man washes a car with a brush , while how many people rinse the car with hoses ?	three
4724	A person that wears a red t-shirt sprays detergent on a car , then two men rinse the car with hoses , while other cars are covered with white detergent .	what do the person rinse with hoses , ?	car
4724	A person that wears a red t-shirt sprays detergent on a car , then two men rinse the car with hoses , while other cars are covered with white detergent .	the person that wears a red t-shirt sprays detergent on a car , then how many men rinse the car with hoses , while other cars are covered with white detergent ?	two
4724	A person that wears a red t-shirt sprays detergent on a car , then two men rinse the car with hoses , while other cars are covered with white detergent .	what is the color of the detergent ?	red
4724	A person that wears a red t-shirt sprays detergent on a car , then two men rinse the car with hoses , while other cars are covered with white detergent .	what is the color of the detergent ?	white
4730	The men then ride horses and learn to play a sport and ends with the host speaking in a uniform .	the men then ride what and learn to play a sport and ends with the host speaking in a uniform ?	horses
4732	A guy rides an exercise bike .	what does the guy rid exercise ?	bicycle
4733	The guy adjusts the exercise bike seat .	what does the guy adjust exercise ?	seat
4738	An array of shoe shining tools are shown including different kinds and colors of shoe polish , a polishing rag and a black shiny shoe .	what is the color of the shoe ?	black
4740	A shoe shine demonstration takes place with a man kneeling in front of a group of students and using a sample shoe as an example .	what takes place with a man kneeling in front of a group of students and using a sample shoe as an example ?	demonstration
4741	Several people in aprons , then kneel before people wearing shoes and shine the people 's shoes on red buckets with polishing clothes and polish .	what is the color of the buckets ?	red
4747	Two Sumo wrestlers are indoor fighting one another as the referee moves around them .	how many sumo wrestlers are indoor fighting one another as the referee moves around them ?	two
4748	One person is then thrown off of the mat and another set of people are shown .	how many person is then thrown off of the mat ?	one
4751	When the match is complete , two men are shown sitting at a desk with a phone number on a white board .	how many men is when the match complete , are shown sitting at a desk with a phone number on a white board ?	two
4751	When the match is complete , two men are shown sitting at a desk with a phone number on a white board .	what is the color of the board ?	white
4758	Gift wrapping materials are shown sitting on the counter including gift wrap , scissors , and ribbon .	what are shown sitting on the counter including gift wrap , scissors , and ribbon ?	materials
4759	The woman then wraps the gift with final ribbon and the camera closes up on the finishes , wrapped , product .	what does the woman then wrap the gift with final ribbon and closes up on the finishes , wrapped , product ?	camera
4760	A heavy man in a blue shirt is playing the bag pipes .	what is the heavy man in a blue shirt playing ?	pipes
4760	A heavy man in a blue shirt is playing the bag pipes .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
4763	He adjusts the bag pipe and continues to play .	he adjusts what and continues to play ?	pipe
4769	A man rides a bicycle down a path with cars in the background .	what did the man rid down a path with cars in the background ?	bicycle
4770	The man disassembles and repairs the bicycle .	the man disassembles and repairs what ?	bicycle
4772	The man rides the bicycle down a road alongside parked cars .	what did the man rid down a road alongside parked cars ?	bicycle
4780	Softened butter is placed in a mixing bowl .	what is placed in the mixing bowl ?	butter
4780	Softened butter is placed in a mixing bowl .	where is softened butter placed . ?	bowl
4785	The dough is flattened and baked into cookies .	what is flattened and baked into cookies ?	dough
4786	The cookies are then placed on a baking sheet , then rack to cool with a spatula .	what are then placed on the baking sheet , then rack to cool with a spatula ?	cookies
4787	The cookies are cooled to be enjoyed .	what are cooled to be enjoyed ?	cookies
4790	Then he is shown making a specific red drink , shaking it before pouring it into a glass .	what is the color of the drink ?	red
4791	Two tam tams are in a living room .	what are in the living room ?	tams
4791	Two tam tams are in a living room .	how many tam tams are in the living room ?	two
4791	Two tam tams are in a living room .	where are two tam tams . ?	room
4793	After , the man plays the tam tam in a living room .	where does after , the man play the tam tam . ?	room
4794	A man on the dock hands a rope to a water skier .	what does the man on the dock hand to a water skier ?	rope
4800	We see a title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4801	We see the man stop rowing and walks and gets the camera .	we see the man stop rowing and walks and gets what ?	camera
4803	The man kisses his fingers and the camera falls to the ground .	what does the man kiss his fingers and falls to the ground ?	camera
4808	A cat is sitting on the floor looking up as his owner tried to grab him .	what is sitting on the floor looking up as his owner tried to grab him ?	cat
4810	The cat is moving his head around wagging its tail around but not giving a hard time .	what is moving his head around wagging its tail around but not giving a hard time ?	cat
4821	The men put a tarp around the house .	what did the men put around the house ?	tarp
4822	The men are removing the roof pieces and throwing down onto the tarp .	what are the men removing and throwing down onto the tarp ?	pieces
4832	The girls move to the left side and perform the same drill on the left side of the court .	the girls move to the left side and perform what on the left side of the court ?	drill
4838	One boy kicks into the opposing team 's goal .	how many boy kicks into the opposing team 's goal ?	one
4848	A man in a office chair is sitting with some type of pen up .	where is the man sitting with some type of pen up . ?	chair
4853	Someone grabs a rubix cube off of their desk and begin to solve it .	someone grabs what off of their desk and begin to solve it ?	cube
4857	Two girls are seen speaking to the camera followed by a person laying fruit out and mixing it into a blender .	how many girls are seen speaking to the camera followed by a person laying fruit out and mixing it into a blender ?	two
4861	A cheerleading team performs on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
4872	Two people stand in front of a cake and they talk .	how many people stand in front of a cake ?	two
4874	A woman mixes ingredients into a pot on the stove .	what does the woman mix into a pot on the stove ?	ingredients
4876	They poke holes in the cake with knives and pour the mixture on it .	they poke what in the cake with knives and pour the mixture on it ?	holes
4878	They eat the cake as they talk .	what do they eat ?	cake
4879	A person is lathering up a dog 's fur with an purple shower head attached to a green hose .	what is the color of the head ?	purple
4879	A person is lathering up a dog 's fur with an purple shower head attached to a green hose .	what is the color of the hose ?	green
4880	The dog shakes his fur .	what shakes his fur ?	dog
4885	A man in a black jacket is standing outside talking .	what is the color of the jacket ?	black
4887	A man in a red hat is playing hockey and makes several goals .	what is the color of the hat ?	red
4889	The camera pans around the car while the older man continues to push snow off of it .	what pans around the car while the older man continues to push snow off of it ?	camera
4893	The lady then begins to stir the tomato sauce and puts greens into it .	the lady then begins and puts what into it ?	greens
4894	Lastly , the lady pours the pasta into the sauce .	what does lastly , the lady pour into the sauce ?	pasta
4895	A window cleaner in sneakers and a beanie is hanging up and cleaning a window with a towel , with other cleaners behind him hard at work .	where is the window cleaner hanging up and cleaning a window with a towel , with other cleaners behind him hard at work . ?	beanie
4897	The camera person pans around the environment .	what pans around the environment ?	person
4899	A man in black walks past the kids .	what is the color of the man ?	black
4900	The kid in the white shirt lets go of the rope and puts his hands in the air .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
4904	Two people are seen performing various martial arts with one another while a large group of people watch on the sides .	how many people are seen performing various martial arts with one another while a large group of people watch on the sides ?	two
4911	People are loading inflated tires into the body of water .	what are people loading into the body of water ?	tires
4913	People are spraying elongated water guns .	what are people spraying ?	guns
4914	People are paddling canoes down the body of water .	what are people paddling down the body of water ?	canoes
4918	A woman in a blue jacket is standing on the field watching them .	what is the color of the jacket ?	blue
4919	The kids are chasing around a yellow ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
4924	These people are pedaling using only one leg and they 're standing in the middle of the bike with the other one holding their hands up .	how many leg are these people pedaling using ?	one
4925	Next they do a different exercise where they put one foot on the pedal , while they have one foot out and they bounce up and down .	next they do a different exercise where they put how many foot on the pedal , while they have one foot out ?	one
4929	A lady that works at a casino shows you how to play black jack .	what is the color of the jack ?	black
4932	finally she deals out two more cards to her self and shows the outcome from adding chips to the areas she dealt the card from the start .	finally she deals out how many more cards to her self and shows the outcome from adding chips to the areas ?	two
4933	the lady then scoops up all the cards on the table and the round is over .	what does the lady then scoop up all the cards on the table and is over ?	round
4936	Another title slide introduces the next clip .	what introduces the next clip ?	slide
4936	Another title slide introduces the next clip .	what does another title slide introduce ?	clip
4937	As the man speaks to the camera , several clips are shown of a man rolling a bowling ball down the lane .	what are , shown of the man rolling a bowling ball down the lane ?	clips
4944	A graphic introduces the hand car wash video .	what introduces the hand car wash video ?	graphic
4945	The car is washed first gently with soap .	what is washed first gently with soap ?	car
4946	Next , the tires are soaped and washed thoroughly .	what are next , soaped and washed thoroughly ?	tires
4947	After that , the car 's engine is steam cleaned .	what is after that , engine steam cleaned ?	car
4947	After that , the car 's engine is steam cleaned .	what is after that , steam cleaned ?	engine
4948	A final spot free rinse is applied and the car is dried .	what is the final spot free rinse applied and is dried ?	car
4980	The boy uses the soap dispenser again .	what does the boy use again ?	dispenser
4983	A bicycle flipped upside down is up against the wall as an orange change is shown .	what upside down is up against the wall as an orange change is shown ?	flipped
4983	A bicycle flipped upside down is up against the wall as an orange change is shown .	what is the color of the change ?	orange
4986	Pieces are then removed and tightened with the wrench and rings are placed inside by where the chain goes .	pieces are then removed and tightened with the wrench and what are placed inside by where the chain goes ?	rings
5004	The man uses a tool to cut along the grass .	what does the man use ?	tool
5010	A plate is brought over to the stove .	what is brought over to the stove ?	plate
5012	Many different women wearing many different shoes are walking a dog on the sidewalk , one wearing wedges walks up some stairs .	what are many different women wearing many different shoes are walking on the sidewalk , one wearing wedges walks up some stairs ?	dog
5014	There are many dogs being groomed and getting cute fancy hair cuts .	what are there being groomed and getting cute fancy hair cuts ?	dogs
5015	One of them is wagging it 's tails very excited enjoying the situation .	what is one of them wagging very excited ?	tails
5022	Another man approaches the circle , repeats the action and begins to jump up in glee .	another man approaches what , repeats the action and begins to jump up in glee ?	circle
5024	There 's a man working a bicycle wheel with various tools .	there 's a man working what with various tools ?	wheel
5026	Then he fixes the center nut and uses a wrench to loosen it .	then he fixes what and uses a wrench to loosen it ?	nut
5028	He uses another tool to unscrew a washer out of the axle .	what does he use ?	tool
5029	Then he uses a tool with a magnetic end to remove tiny metal particles out of the axle .	what does then he use with a magnetic end ?	tool
5033	The person then pushes the fruit around the bowl with a spoon over and over again .	what does the person then push around the bowl with a spoon over and over again ?	fruit
5036	The camera follows the people riding along on the horses and leads to them back at the stables .	what follows the people riding along on the horses and leads to them back at the stables ?	camera
5038	He is wearing a pair of black track pants , black shirt and a cap .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
5038	He is wearing a pair of black track pants , black shirt and a cap .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
5040	A spoon is seen spinning around various foods and liquids and leads into a hand cutting up vegetables on a cutting board .	what is seen spinning around various foods and liquids and leads into a hand cutting up vegetables on a cutting board ?	spoon
5041	A baby is seen watching from behind and the camera zooms in on various websites and foods present .	what is the baby seen and zooms in on various websites and foods present ?	camera
5042	Pasta is seen sitting in a pot and the person uses a spoon to spin it around .	what is pasta seen and the person uses ?	spoon
5042	Pasta is seen sitting in a pot and the person uses a spoon to spin it around .	where is pasta seen sitting and the person uses a spoon to spin it around . ?	pot
5043	They pour ingredients into a pot to bowl and add more vegetables , ending with all the ingredients put together on a plate to present .	what do they pour into a pot to bowl and add more vegetables , ending with all the ingredients put together on a plate to present ?	ingredients
5047	A man wearing a yellow shirt and a man wearing a black shirt play racket ball .	what is the man wearing play ?	ball
5047	A man wearing a yellow shirt and a man wearing a black shirt play racket ball .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
5047	A man wearing a yellow shirt and a man wearing a black shirt play racket ball .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
5048	The man in black serves the ball .	what does the man in black serve ?	ball
5048	The man in black serves the ball .	what is the color of the man ?	black
5049	The man in yellow serves the ball .	what does the man in yellow serve ?	ball
5050	The man in yellow serves the ball again .	what does the man in yellow serve again ?	ball
5051	The man in yellow plays alone while the man in black stands by .	what is the color of the man ?	black
5052	A hand covers the camera lens .	what does the hand cover ?	lens
5055	Several credits are shown on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
5057	Rafters appear , paddling through the rushing currents .	what appear , paddling through the rushing currents ?	rafters
5058	The rafter continues as he navigates the river .	what continues as he navigates the river ?	rafter
5059	A blue logo appears across the screen with white words in it .	what is the color of the logo ?	blue
5059	A blue logo appears across the screen with white words in it .	what is the color of the words ?	white
5062	After , the male grabs the two bars and pulls himself up and holds his body up before going into a hand stand , he comes down , and does another one .	after , the male grabs how many bars and pulls himself up and holds his body up before going into a hand stand , he comes down , and does another one ?	two
5064	A woman dressed in a blue shirt and black apron begins talking behind the table .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
5064	A woman dressed in a blue shirt and black apron begins talking behind the table .	what is the color of the apron ?	black
5065	On the table , she has five different kinds of paint , brushes and other supplies needed to complete the task .	how many different kinds does on the table , she have of paint , brushes and other supplies needed to complete the task ?	five
5068	Next comes the brown paint as she begins putting various strokes on it to finish it .	what does next come ?	paint
5068	Next comes the brown paint as she begins putting various strokes on it to finish it .	what is the color of the paint ?	brown
5071	A man in a cowboy hat walks up and grabs an ax .	the man in a cowboy hat walks up and grabs what ?	ax
5073	The man drops the ax and turns off the camera .	the man drops what and turns off the camera ?	ax
5073	The man drops the ax and turns off the camera .	the man drops the ax and turns off what ?	camera
5076	He bounces a tennis ball on the floor while the other man walks into frame .	what does he bounce on the floor ?	ball
5078	The man run back and fourth and hit the ball off the wall to each other .	the man run back and fourth and hit what off the wall to each other ?	ball
5081	After the man finishes his stunts , he gets off the stilts and the judges write down the scores .	what does , he get off and the judges write down the scores ?	stilts
5084	The drummers hold up their sticks after completing the song .	what do the drummers hold up after completing the song ?	sticks
5086	There are dogs sleeping in each cage .	what are there sleeping in each cage ?	dogs
5088	The dog catches , flips , and chases the frisbees .	what catches , flips , and chases the frisbees ?	dog
5088	The dog catches , flips , and chases the frisbees .	the dog catches , flips , and chases what ?	frisbees
5089	There 's a little baby wearing a purple bib seated on a high chair holding and sucking on a Popsicle .	there 's a little baby wearing what seated on a high chair holding and sucking on a popsicle ?	bib
5089	There 's a little baby wearing a purple bib seated on a high chair holding and sucking on a Popsicle .	what is the color of the bib ?	purple
5091	woman wearing black clothes is playing squash in a small wooden room .	woman wearing what is playing squash in a small wooden room ?	clothes
5091	woman wearing black clothes is playing squash in a small wooden room .	what is the color of the clothes ?	black
5091	woman wearing black clothes is playing squash in a small wooden room .	where is woman wearing black clothes is playing squash . ?	room
5099	As he ends his last jump , two people come to the pit and start to measure the distance .	how many people does as he end his last jump , come to the pit and start to measure the distance ?	two
5103	A camera pans all around a lake showing the trees and mountains as well as the canoe sitting in front of him .	what pans all around a lake showing the trees and mountains as well as the canoe sitting in front of him ?	camera
5103	A camera pans all around a lake showing the trees and mountains as well as the canoe sitting in front of him .	what does the camera pan all around a lake showing the trees and mountains as well as sitting in front of him ?	canoe
5104	Another boy is seen riding along the water in a canoe as well as several others paddling by .	where is another boy seen riding along the water as well as several others paddling by . ?	canoe
5106	There are many different tiles being shown and there is wooden floors being shown .	what are there being shown and there is wooden floors being shown ?	tiles
5106	There are many different tiles being shown and there is wooden floors being shown .	what are there many different tiles being shown and there is being shown ?	floors
5107	First the man removes the baseboard , then he gets a drill and puts screws in the floor .	what does first the man remove , then he gets a drill and puts screws in the floor ?	baseboard
5107	First the man removes the baseboard , then he gets a drill and puts screws in the floor .	what does first the man remove the baseboard , then he gets and puts screws in the floor ?	drill
5107	First the man removes the baseboard , then he gets a drill and puts screws in the floor .	where does first the man remove the baseboard , then he gets a drill and puts screws . ?	floor
5110	Then he smears cement onto the floor and lies the tiles on top of it .	then he smears cement onto the floor and lies what on top of it ?	tiles
5112	Then floor is now finished and he wipes the tiles off making them shiny .	what is then now finished and he wipes the tiles off making them shiny ?	floor
5112	Then floor is now finished and he wipes the tiles off making them shiny .	what is then floor now finished and he wipes off making them shiny ?	tiles
5114	A person brushes the child 's teeth with a blue toothbrush .	what is the color of the toothbrush ?	blue
5118	The girl does a cartwheel .	what does the girl do ?	cartwheel
5119	The girl kneels down and picks up a baton .	the girl kneels down and picks up what ?	baton
5127	A girl is sitting down in a chair .	where is the girl sitting down . ?	chair
5130	Two men are seen kneeling and sitting before a wall with one speaking to the camera and beginning to lay metal down on the side .	how many men are seen kneeling and sitting before the wall with one speaking to the camera and beginning to lay metal down on the side ?	two
5132	The ingredients are prepared and cookies are cut .	what are prepared and cookies are cut ?	ingredients
5132	The ingredients are prepared and cookies are cut .	what are the ingredients prepared and are cut ?	cookies
5134	The scuba diver rides a horse and then looks at rays .	what rides the horse and then looks at rays ?	diver
5134	The scuba diver rides a horse and then looks at rays .	the scuba diver rides what and then looks at rays ?	horse
5137	In the end she gives the person holding the camera a high give .	what does in the end she give the person holding ?	camera
5138	Various clips are shown of food close up as well as people speaking to the camera .	what are shown of food close up as well as people speaking to the camera ?	clips
5140	A white screen appears with a green logo and green and gray words appear and it says `` howdini get yourself a guru '' .	what appears with the green logo and green and gray words appear and it says `` howdini get yourself a guru '' ?	screen
5140	A white screen appears with a green logo and green and gray words appear and it says `` howdini get yourself a guru '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
5140	A white screen appears with a green logo and green and gray words appear and it says `` howdini get yourself a guru '' .	what is the color of the logo ?	green
5146	The lady starts to row a little faster and the screen fades to black .	what does the lady start and fades to black ?	screen
5146	The lady starts to row a little faster and the screen fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
5147	Two dancers are seen holding a pose in the middle of a large gymnasium and begin performing a routine using batons .	how many dancers are seen holding the pose in the middle of a large gymnasium and begin performing a routine using batons ?	two
5149	We see BMX racers on the field and in various locations and riding their bikes .	what do we see bmx racers on the field and in various locations and riding ?	bicycles
5150	Two men fall off their bikes .	what do two men fall off ?	bicycles
5150	Two men fall off their bikes .	how many men fall off their bikes ?	two
5158	The video fades to black .	what is the color of the video ?	black
5159	Various clips are shown of the inside and outside of an arena as well as the camera panning out from the ice and two people speaking to one another .	what are shown of the inside and outside of an arena as well as the camera panning out from the ice and two people speaking to one another ?	clips
5161	More clips are shown of people playing the game as well as team mates watching .	what are shown of people playing the game as well as team mates watching ?	clips
5162	A man in a white shirt bends over and picks up a large weight .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
5166	Three men are now walking to a track where various people are running and taking turns doing hop , skip and jumps .	how many men are now walking to a track where various people are running and taking turns doing hop , skip and jumps ?	three
5171	The white outro screen appears with their logo and the words saying to subscribe to their youtube channel .	what appears with their logo and the words saying to subscribe to their youtube channel ?	screen
5171	The white outro screen appears with their logo and the words saying to subscribe to their youtube channel .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
5172	Three boys play a game of croquet on a large green lawn with croquet mallets and croquet balls .	how many boys play the game of croquet on a large green lawn with croquet mallets and croquet balls ?	three
5172	Three boys play a game of croquet on a large green lawn with croquet mallets and croquet balls .	what is the color of the lawn ?	green
5189	Five people are jump roping on a blue mat .	how many people are jump roping on a blue mat ?	five
5189	Five people are jump roping on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
5192	We see a black opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
5192	We see a black opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
5194	We see the camera operator .	what do we see ?	operator
5196	The other lady sits in the chair .	where does the other lady sit . ?	chair
5199	Two men push a small private helicopter out of its shed .	what do two men push out of its shed ?	helicopter
5199	Two men push a small private helicopter out of its shed .	how many men push the small private helicopter out of its shed ?	two
5202	They then scuba dive to the bottom and put on scuba gear to explore the ocean floor .	they then scuba what to the bottom and put on scuba gear to explore the ocean floor ?	dive
5205	More pictures are shown of the event as well as people speaking to one another .	what are shown of the event as well as people speaking to one another ?	pictures
5208	A young boy plays the violin .	what does the young boy play ?	violin
5218	Two children are seen sitting in a tub rubbing their faces and another person 's hands interacting .	how many children are seen sitting in the tub rubbing their faces and another person 's hands interacting ?	two
5221	He throws the ball and watches it glide down the lane multiple times .	he throws what and watches it glide down the lane multiple times ?	ball
5225	A woman is knitting in bed .	where is the woman knitting . ?	bed
5231	A woman opens a white closet door .	what does the woman open ?	door
5231	A woman opens a white closet door .	what is the color of the door ?	white
5243	A boat sails empty in the river .	what empty in the river ?	sails
5244	After , men water ski jumping and turning around .	after , men water what jumping and turning around ?	ski
5247	They then put soap into their hands , scrub for a bit , and then run their hands under the water .	they then put what into their hands , scrub for a bit , and then run their hands under the water ?	soap
5251	A female with a long blonde pony tale begins running across a large green field throwing a ball .	what is the color of the field ?	green
5254	A black screen appears with white Asian lettering in the middle , then a website that say 's `` www lee35 come cn '' .	what appears with white asian lettering in the middle , then a website that say 's `` www lee35 come cn '' ?	screen
5254	A black screen appears with white Asian lettering in the middle , then a website that say 's `` www lee35 come cn '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
5254	A black screen appears with white Asian lettering in the middle , then a website that say 's `` www lee35 come cn '' .	what is the color of the lettering ?	white
5259	At one point , the camera focuses back to his face for a moment .	what does at one point , focus back to his face for a moment ?	camera
5261	The camera follows several people on a walkway from a first person perspective .	what follows several people on a walkway from a first person perspective ?	camera
5262	The camera shows sliding down a snowy slope from a first person perspective alongside others .	what shows sliding down the snowy slope from a first person perspective alongside others ?	camera
5263	The camera shows sliding down a snowy slope from a first person perspective looking backwards .	what shows sliding down the snowy slope from a first person perspective looking backwards ?	camera
5264	The camera shows another slide down the slope from a first person perspective alongside others .	what shows another slide down the slope from a first person perspective alongside others ?	camera
5264	The camera shows another slide down the slope from a first person perspective alongside others .	what does the camera show down the slope from a first person perspective alongside others ?	slide
5265	The camera watches as multiple other people slide down the slope .	what watches as multiple other people slide down the slope ?	camera
5266	The camera catches another slide down the slope from a first person perspective while spinning .	what catches another slide down the slope from a first person perspective while spinning ?	camera
5266	The camera catches another slide down the slope from a first person perspective while spinning .	what does the camera catch down the slope from a first person perspective while spinning ?	slide
5267	The camera catches more slides down the slope from a first person perspective while looking left and right .	what more slides down the slope from a first person perspective while looking left and right ?	catches
5276	An orange walled room is empty except for two black dumbbells lying horizontal on the floor .	what is empty except for two black dumbbells lying horizontal on the floor ?	room
5276	An orange walled room is empty except for two black dumbbells lying horizontal on the floor .	what is the color of the room ?	orange
5276	An orange walled room is empty except for two black dumbbells lying horizontal on the floor .	what is the color of the dumbbells ?	black
5278	The girl points to the curler in her bang and holds up a cell phone to throw light onto her face which she brings closer to the camera .	the girl points to the curler in her bang and holds up what ?	phone
5279	A bunch of men are inside a green colored gym .	what is the color of the gym ?	green
5280	They are lobbing a tennis ball back and forth .	what are they lobbing back and forth ?	ball
5284	A man walks up a ladder onto the roof .	what does the man walk up onto the roof ?	ladder
5288	A young blonde boy is standing at a kitchen sink with a handheld sprayer in his hand and he 's spraying all the dishes .	what is the young blonde boy standing at a kitchen sink with a handheld sprayer in his hand and he 's spraying ?	dishes
5289	The boy then puts the sprayer in a green pot on the counter and begins spraying the water in there .	what is the color of the pot ?	green
5292	Four girls are lifted and they hold one girl in between them laying down .	how many girls are lifted ?	four
5292	Four girls are lifted and they hold one girl in between them laying down .	how many girl do they hold in between them laying down ?	one
5294	Four ladies are lifted and hold two other ladies then a seventh lady .	how many ladies are lifted and hold two other ladies then a seventh lady ?	four
5300	The camera captures the person driving the boat as well as following the wake boarder close behind the boat .	what captures the person driving the boat as well as following the wake boarder close behind the boat ?	camera
5301	In the end three boys are riding the boat and driving along .	what are in the end three boys riding and driving along ?	boat
5301	In the end three boys are riding the boat and driving along .	how many boys are in the end riding the boat and driving along ?	three
5302	A man stops his bike on the sidewalk .	what does the man stop on the sidewalk ?	bicycle
5305	Men swing around with a hammer throw ball before releasing it .	what do men swing around with a hammer throw before releasing it ?	ball
5308	Two men run track together .	what do two men run together ?	track
5308	Two men run track together .	how many men run track together ?	two
5317	Then a man wearing black clothes serves a tennis ball that is returned , and he sends it back .	then the man wearing what serves a tennis ball that is returned , and he sends it back ?	clothes
5317	Then a man wearing black clothes serves a tennis ball that is returned , and he sends it back .	what is then the man wearing black clothes serves , and he sends it back ?	ball
5317	Then a man wearing black clothes serves a tennis ball that is returned , and he sends it back .	what is the color of the clothes ?	black
5318	Then , the person talks holding two ball , after the man serves again and the person talks .	how many ball does the person talk holding , after the man serves again ?	two
5322	A baby eats bread in a high chair .	where does the baby eat bread . ?	chair
5329	One team is pulled over a red line on the ground , ending the game .	how many team is pulled over the red line on the ground , ending the game ?	one
5329	One team is pulled over a red line on the ground , ending the game .	what is the color of the line ?	red
5335	The man takes out a tool and makes an adjustment to the wheel sprocket then turns the wheel before adjusting more .	the man takes out a tool and makes an adjustment to the wheel sprocket then turns what before adjusting more ?	wheel
5338	Bags are shown sitting on the bed .	what are shown sitting on the bed ?	bags
5344	One surfer on an orange surf comes at top speed and loses control and falls into the water .	how many surfer on an orange surf comes at top speed and loses control and falls into the water ?	one
5344	One surfer on an orange surf comes at top speed and loses control and falls into the water .	what is the color of the surf ?	orange
5345	The surfer with blue sails manages to stay on board as he surfs in the ocean .	what is the color of the sails ?	blue
5347	She spins the drums around through her finger tips and continues playing the instrument while the camera captures her .	she spins what around through her finger tips and continues playing the instrument while the camera captures her ?	drums
5352	The man is playing the bagpipe .	what is the man playing ?	bagpipe
5361	The handle honestly just looks like two large shovels though .	what honestly just looks like two large shovels though ?	handle
5363	An elephant rides past a cow .	what rides past the cow ?	elephant
5367	A man in a purple shirt is dancing with a woman .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
5370	A girl in a yellow shirt is brushing her teeth in a bathroom .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
5370	A girl in a yellow shirt is brushing her teeth in a bathroom .	where is the girl in a yellow shirt brushing her teeth . ?	bathroom
5371	A girl next to her in a blue shirt is also brushing her teeth .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
5372	They are both looking in the mirror .	where are they both looking . ?	mirror
5373	A woman is speedily riding a recumbent bike in the kitchen .	where is the woman speedily riding a recumbent bike . ?	kitchen
5375	She stirs the egg , then plates it while still riding .	what does she stir , then plates it while still riding ?	egg
5379	We see a white opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
5379	We see a white opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
5381	The lady irons a sleeve .	what does the lady iron ?	sleeve
5383	The lady finishes and holds the shirt up .	the lady finishes and holds what up ?	shirt
5384	We see a bright title closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
5386	A lady is standing in a white room talking to the camera .	what is the color of the room ?	white
5397	A weight lifter is in a gym , and he lifts a barbell .	what is the weight lifter in a gym , and he lifts ?	barbell
5397	A weight lifter is in a gym , and he lifts a barbell .	where is the weight lifter , and he lifts a barbell . ?	gym
5401	The cars are shown lined up afterwards and shown all cleaned off .	what are shown lined up afterwards and shown all cleaned off ?	cars
5405	She then takes them out of the oven and puts the cookies onto a plate .	she then takes them out of the oven and puts what onto a plate ?	cookies
5407	The boy continues pretending to iron the shirt and eventually puts a dress on the table to iron .	the boy continues and eventually puts what on the table ?	dress
5408	He irons the dress and swings it around .	he irons what and swings it around ?	dress
5411	The leaves move against the asphalt .	what move against the asphalt ?	leaves
5414	He puts the products into a sink and begins scrubbing around the sides .	he puts what into a sink and begins scrubbing around the sides ?	products
5415	He wipes down the counter and shows off the finished sink .	he wipes down the counter and shows off what ?	sink
5416	A man throwing the frisbee to his dog and the dog catches .	the man throwing what to his dog and the dog catches ?	frisbee
5417	One owner does a hand stand a throws the frisbee to his dog , who is able to catch .	how many owner does the hand stand a throws the frisbee to his dog , who is able to catch ?	one
5418	Many owners and dogs throwing and catching frisbees and doing tricks while doing so .	many owners and dogs throwing and catching what and doing tricks while doing so ?	frisbees
5421	A guy holds a lacrosse stick and instructs .	the guy holds what and instructs ?	stick
5423	A guy tosses a ball into a goal .	what does the guy toss into a goal ?	ball
5425	A woman in a white shirt walks past them .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
5427	There are two teams represented by the color green and color white playing lacrosse against each other in an outdoor field .	how many teams are there represented by the color green and color white playing lacrosse against each other in an outdoor field ?	two
5427	There are two teams represented by the color green and color white playing lacrosse against each other in an outdoor field .	what is the color of the lacrosse ?	white
5428	The player from the green team begins running with his stick alongside his opponent to go towards the ball .	what is the color of the team ?	green
5429	The two team come head to head as they scramble to hit the ball in the goal .	how many team come head to head as they scramble to hit the ball in the goal ?	two
5430	The green team players run fast to prevent the white team from getting the ball .	what is the color of the players ?	green
5430	The green team players run fast to prevent the white team from getting the ball .	what is the color of the team ?	white
5431	The white team players try to keep up with their opponents and focus on hitting the ball in the goal .	what is the color of the players ?	white
5432	Two players from both team come running towards each other and fight for the ball , causing one of the green team players to fall down .	how many players from both team come running towards each other and fight for the ball , causing one of the green team players to fall down ?	two
5432	Two players from both team come running towards each other and fight for the ball , causing one of the green team players to fall down .	what is the color of the players ?	green
5439	The dealer turns a card over and takes the man 's chips .	the dealer turns what over and takes the man 's chips ?	card
5444	women are climbing a rock wall attached to an harness .	what are women climbing attached to an harness ?	wall
5449	She shakes the drink in a black shaker .	what is the color of the shaker ?	black
5451	She pours the drink into the martini glass .	what does she pour into the martini glass ?	drink
5453	Two sumo wrestlers are seen fighting that leads into people walking in and others dancing together .	how many sumo wrestlers are seen fighting that leads into people walking in and others dancing together ?	two
5461	The forest is then shown and surf boards appear that are washed up against the banks of the water .	what is the forest then shown and appear that are washed up against the banks of the water ?	boards
5462	A car is driving down the highway at a fast speed , he takes an exit to park .	what is driving down the highway at a fast speed , he takes an exit to park ?	car
5476	We see a dark title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
5478	We see two men fighting MMA in a ring .	how many men do we see fighting mma in a ring ?	two
5488	Another side shot is shown and a cop car and several escort vehicles come into view as the video fades to black .	what is the color of the video ?	black
5489	A person is video taping a bull fighting event from his television set .	the person is video taping what ?	bull
5490	The bull fighting scene is in a large open arena which is filled with thousands of spectators who are cheering .	what is in the large open arena which is filled with thousands of spectators who are cheering ?	scene
5491	The two raging bulls are butting heads constantly while the matadors are trying to contain the bulls within a specified zone .	what are butting heads constantly while the matadors are trying to contain the bulls within a specified zone ?	bulls
5491	The two raging bulls are butting heads constantly while the matadors are trying to contain the bulls within a specified zone .	how many raging bulls are butting heads constantly while the matadors are trying to contain the bulls within a specified zone ?	two
5495	A woman is smearing a white cream onto her forehead and cheeks .	what is the color of the cream ?	white
5504	A woman chef demonstrates , in a kitchen , in front of a kitchen counter top and ingredients , how to prepare a salad .	where does the woman chef demonstrate , , , how to prepare a salad . ?	kitchen
5506	The woman begins to cut the greens and put them in a white bowl before turning to pull oven roasted brussel sprouts out of the oven .	what is the color of the bowl ?	white
5506	The woman begins to cut the greens and put them in a white bowl before turning to pull oven roasted brussel sprouts out of the oven .	where does the woman begin to cut the greens and put them . ?	bowl
5507	The woman then squeezes and orange and pours the orange juice on the salad with the brussell sprouts and oil before the scene fades out .	the woman then squeezes and orange and pours what juice on the salad with the brussell sprouts and oil before the scene fades out ?	orange
5512	She throws the dart onto the board which is show up close .	what does she throw onto the board which is show up close ?	dart
5514	Two teams play hurling in a stadium full of people .	how many teams play hurling in the stadium full of people ?	two
5516	Two players dispute the ball in the air , then they continue playing .	how many players dispute the ball in the air ?	two
5532	Many people watch on the sides while the dealer deals out cards and the people place their chips in the middle .	what do many people watch on the sides and the people place in the middle ?	chips
5534	A lady is talking in an office and holding a pink item .	where is the lady talking and holding a pink item . ?	office
5539	The camera zooms in to the feet .	what zooms in to the feet ?	camera
5540	The camera pans to the right slowly .	what pans to the right slowly ?	camera
5541	A man puts a chef hat on a girl while a chef teachers her how to cook .	what does the man put on a girl ?	hat
5542	She mixes various ingredients together following the chef 's orders and paying close attention to his instructions .	what does she mix ?	ingredients
5551	A closeup is shown of him trying again and again before zooming out .	what is shown of him trying again and again before zooming out ?	closeup
5552	The camera then zooms back in to his face as he continues on .	what then zooms back in to his face as he continues on ?	camera
5553	Three women show up on the screen doing a tribal dance in a workout studio .	how many women show up on the screen doing a tribal dance in a workout studio ?	three
5555	The three women are shown again doing the dance on the stage while other people do the same dance in front of the stage .	how many women are shown again doing the dance on the stage while other people do the same dance in front of the stage ?	three
5558	The camera goes back and forth between them doing the dance on the stage and off the stage showing different angles .	what goes back and forth between them doing the dance on the stage and off the stage showing different angles ?	camera
5559	Two men are inside an indoor gym .	how many men are inside an indoor gym ?	two
5562	Two dudes are talking silly into the camera with things wrapped around their heads .	how many dudes are talking silly into the camera with things wrapped around their heads ?	two
5563	Then you see everyone playing beer pong having a great time outside joking and dancing .	what do then you see pong having a great time outside joking and dancing ?	beer
5570	Several different cake pops are being shown .	what are being shown ?	pops
5571	Ingredients are displayed next to actions mixing ingredients .	what are displayed next to actions mixing ingredients ?	ingredients
5572	The woman crumbles the cake into a bowl , then adds frosting while she talks .	what does the woman crumble into a bowl , then adds frosting while she talks ?	cake
5583	The curls are taken out of the woman 's hair after the makeover .	what are taken out of the woman 's hair after the makeover ?	curls
5584	The news anchors close out the story .	what close out the story ?	anchors
5585	A man in a black shirt is holding a saxophone .	what is the man in a black shirt holding ?	saxophone
5585	A man in a black shirt is holding a saxophone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
5590	She lays in a stylist chair , showing how the style was done .	where does she lay , showing how the style was done . ?	chair
5593	Three men pass by in the mirror .	how many men pass by in the mirror ?	three
5594	The camera zooms in on the main subject .	what zooms in on the main subject ?	camera
5595	A man in gray walks past in the mirror .	where does the man in gray walk past . ?	mirror
5596	The screen goes black and we see the end credits .	what goes black and we see the end credits ?	screen
5600	We see a blue title screen with white letters .	what do we see with white letters ?	screen
5600	We see a blue title screen with white letters .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
5600	We see a blue title screen with white letters .	what is the color of the letters ?	white
5601	We see two girls standing in a room , then perform a flip .	how many girls do we see standing in a room , then perform a flip ?	two
5602	We see 2 different girls do different flips .	we see how many different girls do different flips ?	two
5603	One girl does a back flip .	how many girl does the back flip ?	one
5604	We then see four girls do a back flip together .	we then see how many girls do a back flip together ?	four
5605	We see a black title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
5605	We see a black title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
5608	We then see the closing screen .	what do we then see closing ?	screen
5610	He lifts the barbell up to his chest , rests for a moment , then lifts it over his head .	he lifts what up to his chest , rests for a moment , then lifts it over his head ?	barbell
5612	A shadow is seen in the smoky room .	where is the shadow seen . ?	room
5613	A woman is taking a shower and washing her hair .	what is the woman taking and washing her hair ?	shower
5615	A man dressed in all white is shown fighting different men outdoors and hitting them very hard .	what is the color of the man ?	white
5617	The man is then standing alone outdoors where he 's still wearing the same white outfit and is talking very passionately using hand motions and lots of facial expressions .	what is the color of the outfit ?	white
5622	the woman then knits in her chair while ending with another picture of her .	where does the woman then knit while ending with another picture of her . ?	chair
5625	A girl is seen watching in the room .	where is the girl seen watching . ?	room
5629	A female news reporter is talking in a news room .	where is the female news reporter talking . ?	room
5631	The people are hitting bags with sticks as they ride .	what are the people hitting with sticks as they ride ?	bags
5638	He stops and sets the violin to his side .	what does he stop and sets to his side ?	violin
5639	There are two men dressed in white shirts wearing hats doing freestyle wrestling in an indoor stadium .	how many men are there dressed in white shirts wearing hats doing freestyle wrestling in an indoor stadium ?	two
5639	There are two men dressed in white shirts wearing hats doing freestyle wrestling in an indoor stadium .	what is the color of the shirts ?	white
5642	The two men continue wrestling in a non aggressive manner by taking turns to attack the opponent .	how many men continue wrestling in the non aggressive manner by taking turns to attack the opponent ?	two
5643	They continue fighting as one man does a front flip .	they continue fighting as how many man does a front flip ?	one
5645	A man wearing a construction hard hat applies plaster to a wall using a hand held flat edge .	the man wearing a construction what applies plaster to a wall using a hand held flat edge ?	hat
5647	A Company name and slogan are seen in white text .	what is the color of the text ?	white
5654	A band is practicing in a gym .	where is the band practicing . ?	gym
5655	People are twirling flags while standing in a line .	what are people twirling while standing in a line ?	flags
5659	The camera pans around the area and continues to speak to the man and leads into a shot of a boat going by and a close fire .	what pans around the area and continues to speak to the man and leads into a shot of a boat going by and a close fire ?	camera
5671	Three athletes of different countries compete weightlifting on front the jury , during the first round , all the athletes lift the weight successfully .	how many athletes of different countries compete weightlifting on front the jury , during the first round ?	three
5672	In the second round , the athlete with blue uniform rise successfully and kiss the bar of the weight , also the other athletes are successful .	what is the color of the uniform ?	blue
5674	The athlete with red uniform is congratulated , then stand on the first place of the podium and talks .	what is the color of the uniform ?	red
5675	A room is covered to avoid paint being splattered on objects in the room .	what is covered to avoid paint being splattered on objects in the room ?	room
5676	A room is seen with blue tape on its borders and walls .	what is seen with blue tape on its borders and walls ?	room
5676	A room is seen with blue tape on its borders and walls .	what is the color of the tape ?	blue
5681	He pans all around his tools and shows off a kit .	he pans all around his tools and shows off what ?	kit
5684	A young lady wash a car only wearing a bra and shorts , then she sprinkle water on her head a turn it .	what do the young lady wash only wearing a bra and shorts , then she sprinkle water on her head a turn it ?	car
5694	A woman uses a rolling pin to roll out dough onto the counter .	what does the woman use ?	pin
5697	two referees on side of tables and watch each other .	how many referees on side of tables and watch each other ?	two
5702	A man is wearing a hat and kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the man wearing and kneeling down on a blue mat ?	hat
5702	A man is wearing a hat and kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
5704	A woman in pink top is holding a hoop and talking to the camera .	what is the woman in pink top holding and talking to the camera ?	hoop
5705	The woman put the hoop to her waist and start to hoop .	what did the woman put to her waist and start to hoop ?	hoop
5718	She holds up a box that has barcodes and reads `` Sterling Gray '' on it .	she holds up what and reads `` sterling gray '' on it ?	box
5721	man is opening a box with scissors and take out an unarmed bike .	man is opening what with scissors and take out an unarmed bike ?	box
5723	The person holds a blade to sharpen it .	what does the person hold ?	blade
5730	The person demonstrates the blade 's edge .	what does the person demonstrate edge ?	blade
5731	A car is seen driving around and leads into a man pumping air in the tire .	what is seen driving around and leads into the man pumping air in the tire ?	car
5734	A man in a green shirt throws a disc onto a field .	what does the man in a green shirt throw onto a field ?	disc
5734	A man in a green shirt throws a disc onto a field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
5735	A man in a blue shirt throws a disc onto the field .	what does the man in a blue shirt throw onto the field ?	disc
5735	A man in a blue shirt throws a disc onto the field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
5736	A man in a purple shirt throws a disc onto the field .	what does the man in a purple shirt throw onto the field ?	disc
5736	A man in a purple shirt throws a disc onto the field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
5740	A man in a white shirt is chopping a piece of wood with an ax .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
5742	Another man carrying a pot walks up behind him .	another man carrying what walks up behind him ?	pot
5744	We then see the title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
5749	We then see the ending screens .	what do we then see ?	screens
5750	We see a blue opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
5750	We see a blue opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
5751	We see a man flipping and performing Capoeira cut with blue title screens .	what is the color of the screens ?	blue
5760	Finally he is done and he grabs his toy and runs out of the bathroom .	what is finally he done and he grabs and runs out of the bathroom ?	toy
5762	The cow is running and the boy throws the rope around its neck .	what is running and the boy throws the rope around its neck ?	cow
5763	It causes the cow to fall over after being pulled back by the rope .	what does it cause ?	cow
5764	The boy goes running off the horse after it and pins the little cow down .	the boy goes and pins what down ?	cow
5769	More tiles are being shown cut out as the man continues to speak and lay them down on the floor .	what are being shown cut out as the man continues to speak and lay them down on the floor ?	tiles
5771	The camera does a blurred scene change .	what does the blurred scene change ?	camera
5775	The girl shaves her legs in the shower .	where does the girl shave her legs . ?	shower
5778	Two people are seen standing up behind a set of drums looking at the camera .	how many people are seen standing up behind the set of drums looking at the camera ?	two
5780	The two pause for a moment then continue playing with one stopping and letting the other finish .	how many pause for a moment then continue playing with one stopping and letting the other finish ?	two
5781	A man in a kilt prepares himself to toss a large hammer in a competition .	where does the man prepare himself to toss a large hammer in a competition . ?	kilt
5782	After his preparations he swings the hammer around in a circle and tosses it as far as he can .	after his preparations he swings what around in a circle and tosses it as far ?	hammer
5785	One team scores several goals and are immediately followed by teammates cheering .	how many team scores several goals and are immediately followed by teammates cheering ?	one
5787	A medical practitioner is washing her hand with soap and water , while the other medical practitioner in white coat is on her phone .	what is the color of the coat ?	white
5788	A man in yellow coat is washing his hands , then the man in blue shirt is giving interview .	what is the color of the coat ?	yellow
5788	A man in yellow coat is washing his hands , then the man in blue shirt is giving interview .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
5790	He then plays the bagpipes .	what does he then play ?	bagpipes
5812	The gymnast does a double bar routine during a competition .	what does the gymnast do during a competition ?	routine
5818	A man puts a black lens in his eye .	what is the color of the lens ?	black
5822	A black male athlete run in the field then hopped and jumped and landed on the sandy field .	what is the color of the run ?	black
5824	The athlete run and ripped his shirt off , while he reach of the woman and give her a hug and cheered .	the athlete run and ripped what off , ?	shirt
5827	He takes a white towel and wipes off the counter and sink .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
5828	He sprays the mirror with Windex and wipes the mirror off .	he sprays what with windex and wipes the mirror off ?	mirror
5828	He sprays the mirror with Windex and wipes the mirror off .	he sprays the mirror with windex and wipes what off ?	mirror
5836	One boy throws a ball to another and the other kicks it off into the distance .	what does one boy throw to another and the other kicks it off into the distance ?	ball
5836	One boy throws a ball to another and the other kicks it off into the distance .	how many boy throws the ball to another ?	one
5838	Three men stand together wearing heavily padded clothing with suspenders .	how many men stand together wearing heavily padded clothing with suspenders ?	three
5839	The two men on the end strike the one in the middle below the belt and he falls to the ground in pain .	how many men on the end strike the one in the middle below the belt ?	two
5844	One of the men in purple rides through a skate board park wearing the padded suit .	what are one of the men in purple rides through a skate board park wearing ?	suit
5844	One of the men in purple rides through a skate board park wearing the padded suit .	what is the color of the rides ?	purple
5845	Another man in grey shirt rides a skateboard on the half pipe ramp and does tricks .	what is the color of the rides ?	gray
5846	The three men ride together on the large ramp in formation .	how many men ride together on the large ramp in formation ?	three
5848	Two men are kneeling down holding paintball guns .	how many men are kneeling down holding paintball guns ?	two
5849	They are walking down the street holding their paintball guns .	they are walking down the street holding what ?	guns
5851	A person is seen wearing a blue shirt and standing before a fence .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
5854	The man on the right taps his foot as the two men play music .	the man on the right taps his foot as how many men play music ?	two
5855	The camera pans to an onlooker standing on the side of the room watching and smiling .	what pans to an onlooker standing on the side of the room watching and smiling ?	camera
5856	The two men stop playing and the man in the middle shrugs as the other two men smile .	how many men stop playing ?	two
5856	The two men stop playing and the man in the middle shrugs as the other two men smile .	the man in the middle shrugs as how many men smile ?	two
5858	The camera person then pans around the beach to show the rest of the beach and various other people that are there .	what then pans around the beach to show the rest of the beach and various other people that are there ?	person
5859	The camera person then focuses on two women talking and standing together .	what then focuses on two women talking and standing together ?	person
5862	A girl with blonde hair and red nails sits in a chair in bedroom and talks to the camera while smoking and showing off a bottle of blue nailpolish .	what is the color of the nailpolish ?	blue
5863	The girl rolls away from the camera in the chair to get a bottle of blue nail polish and hold it up to the screen .	what is the color of the polish ?	blue
5865	The girl , finally , takes one long inhale and leans in to exhale into the camera before falling back .	the girl , finally , takes how many long inhale and leans in to exhale into the camera before falling back ?	one
5866	A helmet camera is put on and then a man goes skateboarding .	what is put on and then the man goes skateboarding ?	camera
5870	He hits a bowling ball with a croquet mallet and then hold up a bowling ball with a big 8 on it .	he hits what with a croquet mallet and then hold up a bowling ball with a big 8 on it ?	ball
5872	Cars pass by and people walk around in the background .	what pass by and people walk around in the background ?	cars
5873	A bowling ball that is cut in half is on the ground .	what is on the ground ?	ball
5876	A woman hits 1 bowling ball against another with a mallet .	how many bowling ball does the woman hit against another with a mallet ?	one
5879	Another man hits a bowling ball and does a dance , The young girls play while a man dressed like a joker talks .	another man hits what and does a dance , the young girls play while a man dressed like a joker talks ?	ball
5881	The woman gives her chalice to the young girls who are very excited .	what does the woman give to the young girls who are very excited ?	chalice
5883	An armoire is shown , and a woman is holding one of the drawers .	what is shown , and the woman is holding one of the drawers ?	armoire
5886	The painted armoire is shown a final time .	what is shown the final time ?	armoire
5890	We see a quick title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
5895	We see the factory briefly .	what do we see briefly ?	factory
5897	He finishes and we see the customer service phone number .	what does he finish and we see service ?	number
5898	We then see the end title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
5901	When they are done , one woman laughs and runs away .	how many woman are when they done , laughs and runs away ?	one
5902	A man is riding a skateboard indoors and rides it onto a short standing pole on the ground .	what is the man riding indoors and rides it onto a short standing pole on the ground ?	skateboard
5904	A man in a red kayak rolls into the water , and out of the water .	what is the color of the kayak ?	red
5904	A man in a red kayak rolls into the water , and out of the water .	where does the man roll into the water , and out of the water . ?	kayak
5906	He then is in a blue kayak and rolls into the water and out of the water .	what is the color of the kayak ?	blue
5908	A man wearing a black shirt opens a bag of bread and pulls out three slices of bread .	the man wearing what opens a bag of bread and pulls out three slices of bread ?	shirt
5908	A man wearing a black shirt opens a bag of bread and pulls out three slices of bread .	how many slices is the man wearing a black shirt opens a bag of bread and pulls out of bread ?	three
5908	A man wearing a black shirt opens a bag of bread and pulls out three slices of bread .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
5910	The man then opens the refrigerator and pulls out a new bottle of Miracle Whip .	the man then opens what and pulls out a new bottle of miracle whip ?	refrigerator
5911	He then uses a knife to scoop out the miracle whip on to the bread slices .	what does he then use ?	knife
5912	The man then opens a bag of Swiss cheese and places a slice on each bread slice .	the man then opens a bag of swiss cheese and places what on each bread slice ?	slice
5914	He then puts the bread slices on top of each other and completes the sandwich .	he then puts what on top of each other and completes the sandwich ?	slices
5914	He then puts the bread slices on top of each other and completes the sandwich .	he then puts the bread slices on top of each other and completes what ?	sandwich
5922	A lacrosse player wearing a white jersey and holding a lacrosse stick is talking about the positions of lacrosse .	the lacrosse player wearing a white jersey and holding what is talking about the positions of lacrosse ?	stick
5922	A lacrosse player wearing a white jersey and holding a lacrosse stick is talking about the positions of lacrosse .	what is the color of the jersey ?	white
5926	A boy holds a guitar in a room .	where does the boy hold a guitar . ?	room
5934	While he 's running on the stilts , his friend drives alongside him in a car .	where does while he 's running on the stilts , his friend drives . ?	car
5943	Two people are fencing in a room .	how many people are fencing in the room ?	two
5943	Two people are fencing in a room .	where are two people fencing . ?	room
5951	Milk is poured into the cup of coffee .	what is poured into the cup of coffee ?	milk
5966	The man lifts the bar up over his head and throws it back down .	the man lifts what up over his head and throws it back down ?	bar
5968	A pinata is seen swinging around the middle of people followed by a girl grabbing a stick .	what is seen swinging around the middle of people followed by a girl grabbing a stick ?	pinata
5972	A male approaches and grabs a plate .	what does the male approach and grabs ?	plate
5974	The male dips the plate into the water and uses a white rug to wash it .	what the plate into the water and uses a white rug to wash it ?	dips
5974	The male dips the plate into the water and uses a white rug to wash it .	the male dips the plate into the water and uses what ?	rug
5974	The male dips the plate into the water and uses a white rug to wash it .	what is the color of the rug ?	white
5975	The male rinses the washed plate .	what does the male rinse ?	plate
5976	The male soaks the white plate and then puts it on a dish drying rack .	the male soaks what and then puts it on a dish drying rack ?	plate
5976	The male soaks the white plate and then puts it on a dish drying rack .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
5981	One woman is seen lifting a bar several times while her coach yells to encourage her .	how many woman is seen lifting the bar several times while her coach yells to encourage her ?	one
5987	A man swings and throws the hammer repeatedly .	the man swings and throws what repeatedly ?	hammer
5991	The man in red and blue raises a red flag .	what does the man in red and blue raise ?	flag
5991	The man in red and blue raises a red flag .	what is the color of the flag ?	red
5993	There are two white cars that arrive in secluded area where there are warehouses .	how many white cars are there that arrive in secluded area where there are warehouses ?	two
5993	There are two white cars that arrive in secluded area where there are warehouses .	what is the color of the cars ?	white
5994	Four men get off the car and walk towards a man wearing a mask to cover his face .	four men get off what and walk towards a man wearing a mask to cover his face ?	car
5994	Four men get off the car and walk towards a man wearing a mask to cover his face .	how many men get off the car and walk towards a man wearing a mask to cover his face ?	four
5997	He shoots his gun in the air .	what does he shoot in the air ?	gun
6003	As the musician plays the drums the camera pans in for a closeup and then pans out .	what pans in for the closeup and then pans out ?	camera
6011	There 's a young man wearing a blue jacket and a white shirt standing near a wall with white bathroom tiles .	what is the color of the jacket ?	blue
6011	There 's a young man wearing a blue jacket and a white shirt standing near a wall with white bathroom tiles .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
6011	There 's a young man wearing a blue jacket and a white shirt standing near a wall with white bathroom tiles .	what is the color of the tiles ?	white
6012	He is smoking a cigarette .	what is he smoking ?	cigarette
6019	Two young girls watch as a woman in a white apron demonstrates to the boy and girl how to turn the lever and also hangs clothes on a clothes line .	how many young girls watch as the woman in a white apron demonstrates to the boy and girl how to turn the lever and also hangs clothes on a clothes line ?	two
6019	Two young girls watch as a woman in a white apron demonstrates to the boy and girl how to turn the lever and also hangs clothes on a clothes line .	what is the color of the apron ?	white
6022	The camera then pans out to show the audience .	what then pans out to show the audience ?	camera
6029	The woman drain the pasta , and put it on the sauce and put them in the white bowls .	the woman drain what , and put it on the sauce and put them in the white bowls ?	pasta
6029	The woman drain the pasta , and put it on the sauce and put them in the white bowls .	what is the color of the bowls ?	white
6030	A large group of people are riding in a huge raft .	where are the large group of people riding . ?	raft
6039	The lady sprays the window .	what does the lady spray ?	window
6040	Pipes are being shown on a rock .	what are being shown on the rock ?	pipes
6043	A boat is in the water surrounding a rock .	what is in the water surrounding a rock ?	boat
6048	The camera watches a man in a hat talking with someone from a low angle .	what watches the man in a hat talking with someone from a low angle ?	camera
6055	Several dogs walk down a street .	what walk down the street ?	dogs
6058	A woman holds her dog .	what does the woman hold ?	dog
6059	A class of children dressed in white gi 's are walking , kicking and punching in a classroom while their teacher walks around them .	what is the color of the children ?	white
6063	He then plays the instrument while looking at the camera and ends by speaking more to the camera .	he then plays what while looking at the camera and ends by speaking more to the camera ?	instrument
6065	He is washing the dishes under the water .	what is he washing under the water ?	dishes
6066	He puts the dishes into a black strainer .	what does he put into a black strainer ?	dishes
6066	He puts the dishes into a black strainer .	what is the color of the strainer ?	black
6069	Two girls are seen dancing as well as people speaking to the camera and kids looking at the camera .	how many girls are seen dancing as well as people speaking to the camera and kids looking at the camera ?	two
6073	She steps off the ladder and continues to steam the wallpaper .	she steps off what and continues to steam the wallpaper ?	ladder
6075	She moves the ladder , climbs up it and peels the wallpaper from the wall , picking the pieces that stick from the wall .	she moves what , climbs up it and peels the wallpaper from the wall , picking the pieces that stick from the wall ?	ladder
6083	A man in an orange jacket snowmobiles across a snowy field .	what is the color of the jacket ?	orange
6085	Two men snowmobile through the forest .	how many men snowmobile through the forest ?	two
6087	The man in the orange jacket looks at the camera .	what is the color of the jacket ?	orange
6088	The man in the orange jacket snowmobiles down a very steep mountain .	what is the color of the jacket ?	orange
6089	The man in the orange jacket snowmobiles off a jump and does tricks .	what is the color of the jacket ?	orange
6090	The man in the orange jacket starts a fire .	what is the color of the jacket ?	orange
6092	man is welding a machine in a dark room .	where is man welding a machine . ?	room
6097	A boat pulls a person out of the water .	what pulls the person out of the water ?	boat
6100	A large slide is shown with dozens of children climbing up and going down .	what is shown with dozens of children climbing up and going down ?	slide
6102	The camera pans all around the slides and shows the kids going down .	what pans all around the slides and shows the kids going down ?	camera
6105	A woman paints a square frame with legs .	what did the woman paint with legs ?	frame
6107	The camera pans to flowers .	what pans to flowers ?	camera
6108	A little girl is holding a stick and is gently hitting a large pinata that is ninja turtled theme .	the little girl is holding what and is gently hitting a large pinata that is ninja turtled theme ?	stick
6108	A little girl is holding a stick and is gently hitting a large pinata that is ninja turtled theme .	the little girl is holding a stick and is gently hitting what ?	pinata
6109	In the background a boy on a white chair is gently tossing a ball in the air above his lap .	what is in the background a boy on a white chair gently tossing in the air above his lap ?	ball
6109	In the background a boy on a white chair is gently tossing a ball in the air above his lap .	what is the color of the chair ?	white
6111	A person cleans a window screen , and then puts detergent on the lower part of the window and brush .	the person cleans what , and then puts detergent on the lower part of the window and brush ?	screen
6116	She then brings up a knife and talks about it as the camera zooms in on it .	she then brings up what and talks about it as the camera zooms in on it ?	knife
6118	A pocket knife is pulled out and she begins cutting a small piece of tinder .	what is pulled out and she begins cutting a small piece of tinder ?	knife
6119	A man wearing an earring looks to the side .	the man wearing what looks to the side ?	earring
6123	woman is playing drums wearing a black cap .	what is woman playing ?	drums
6123	woman is playing drums wearing a black cap .	what is the color of the cap ?	black
6124	A garden is shown from the outside of a house .	what is shown from the outside of a house ?	garden
6125	The camera turns to take in various plants and flowers .	what turns to take in various plants and flowers ?	camera
6130	woman is sitting in a sidewalk talking to the camera next to a green bucket .	what is the color of the bucket ?	green
6136	People are jumping rope on a stage .	what are people jumping on a stage ?	rope
6138	A man stands and holds the jump rope .	what does the man stand and holds ?	rope
6141	They lob the ball back and forth over the net in front of an audience .	what do they lob back and forth over the net in front of an audience ?	ball
6143	There are two men boxing in an indoor boxing room that has mirrors on one entire wall .	how many men are there boxing in an indoor boxing room that has mirrors on one entire wall ?	two
6145	The boxer in the red shorts punches the boxer in the black shorts .	what is the color of the shorts ?	red
6145	The boxer in the red shorts punches the boxer in the black shorts .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
6146	The boxer in black falls down and lands on his back and groans .	what is the color of the boxer ?	black
6148	A young man is wearing headphones and standing in front of a microphone .	what is the young man wearing and standing in front of a microphone ?	headphones
6152	A group of guys then come in the building and they start to run around the bags as a warm up .	where do the group of guys then come and they start to run around the bags as a warm up . ?	building
6154	A bumper sticker then appears saying , `` Keep your Eyes on the Prize '' and then more pairs of men begin kick boxing .	what then appears saying , `` keep your eyes on the prize '' and then more pairs of men begin kick boxing ?	sticker
6156	He flips the bat over and over again .	what does he flip over and over again ?	bat
6157	He trips , then kicks the ball into the air , hitting it .	he trips , then kicks what into the air , ?	ball
6162	The camera pans around a large group of people wandering around and leads into people playing a soccer match .	what pans around the large group of people wandering around and leads into people playing a soccer match ?	camera
6166	The parents watch the boy play the drums .	what do the parents watch the boy play ?	drums
6167	A hand is rubbing a chalk to a blue tip .	what is the color of the tip ?	blue
6168	The man is concentrating on the pool table , slowly hit the ball with the billiard stick .	the man is concentrating on the pool table , slowly hit what with the billiard stick ?	ball
6171	The athlete who is wearing gray tights and black shirt with number 2 on it started go on the beam and started to swirl around .	what is the color of the tights ?	gray
6171	The athlete who is wearing gray tights and black shirt with number 2 on it started go on the beam and started to swirl around .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
6172	When he got of from the beam , he walked towards the yellow container that contains white powder , then went back to the beam and did his tricks by swirling around .	what is the color of the container ?	yellow
6172	When he got of from the beam , he walked towards the yellow container that contains white powder , then went back to the beam and did his tricks by swirling around .	what is the color of the powder ?	white
6176	A boat that has a blue sail with two people is sailing in a body of water .	what is sailing in a body of water ?	boat
6176	A boat that has a blue sail with two people is sailing in a body of water .	what is the color of the sail ?	blue
6179	The boat makes a turn to the right .	what makes the turn to the right ?	boat
6180	The boat begins to head to the shore .	what begins to head to the shore ?	boat
6181	cat is sleeping in a furry table and a man holds him and shows a nail clipper and starts cutting the cat nails sitting in a couch .	what is sleeping in the furry table and a man holds him and shows a nail clipper and starts cutting the cat nails sitting in a couch ?	cat
6181	cat is sleeping in a furry table and a man holds him and shows a nail clipper and starts cutting the cat nails sitting in a couch .	what is cat sleeping in a furry table and a man holds him and shows and starts cutting the cat nails sitting in a couch ?	clipper
6182	cat is sitting in a red carpet .	what is sitting in the red carpet ?	cat
6182	cat is sitting in a red carpet .	what is the color of the carpet ?	red
6182	cat is sitting in a red carpet .	where is cat sitting . ?	carpet
6187	A camera walks closer to a girl pointing to her eye in the mirror .	what walks closer to the girl pointing to her eye in the mirror ?	camera
6197	He shows the buttons that need to be pressed in order to start the elliptical .	what does he show ?	buttons
6200	Two children are seen walking around a yard play crochet with one another and laughing on the side .	how many children are seen walking around the yard play crochet with one another and laughing on the side ?	two
6202	We see an intro screen with contact lenses .	what do we see with contact lenses ?	screen
6207	We then see the ending screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
6208	A purple rope is attached to a blue one , which is then stretched between two trees .	what is attached to the blue one , which is then stretched between two trees ?	rope
6208	A purple rope is attached to a blue one , which is then stretched between two trees .	what is the color of the rope ?	purple
6208	A purple rope is attached to a blue one , which is then stretched between two trees .	what is the color of the one ?	blue
6209	A man bounces and balances on the rope as three other men watch .	the man bounces and balances on the rope as how many other men watch ?	three
6220	Vassen cloud nine red colored contacts are in the container they belong in .	vassen cloud how many red colored contacts are in the container they belong in ?	nine
6220	Vassen cloud nine red colored contacts are in the container they belong in .	what is the color of the contacts ?	red
6221	A blondish haired woman with brown eyes places one of them in her eye .	what is the color of the eyes ?	brown
6222	You can see the difference of the brown and the contact very clearly and it looks pretty great .	what is the color of the difference ?	brown
6224	A young man is standing in a netted green circular area .	what is the color of the area ?	green
6225	The man is holding a ball and begins to spin himself around and around multiple times and then throws the ball .	the man is holding what and begins to spin himself around and around multiple times and then throws the ball ?	ball
6225	The man is holding a ball and begins to spin himself around and around multiple times and then throws the ball .	the man is holding a ball and begins and then throws what ?	ball
6238	three woman are walking next to a house in a parking lot .	how many woman are walking next to the house in a parking lot ?	three
6259	man is sitting in a kayak next to the sidewalk .	where is man sitting . ?	kayak
6271	A woman practices floor gymnastics while others engage in various activities in the background .	what does the woman practice ?	gymnastics
6272	A second woman practices floor gymnastics .	what does the second woman practice ?	gymnastics
6273	The two women are shown performing the same action in turn .	how many women are shown performing the same action in turn ?	two
6286	We see the harp again and the orchestra before returning to the harp .	we see what again and the orchestra before returning to the harp ?	harp
6292	Two people step forward to see where the athlete 's ball has landed .	how many people step forward to see where the athlete 's ball has landed ?	two
6297	The dog jumps up and down as well as chases after the frisbee while the woman watches on the side .	what jumps up and down as well as chases after the frisbee while the woman watches on the side ?	dog
6298	Two pairs of females are in a room playing a game of Foosball .	how many pairs of females are in a room playing a game of foosball ?	two
6299	The girls on the left make two goals and they begin to cheer .	how many goals do the girls on the left make ?	two
6305	Two ladies in bikinis are on the beach .	how many ladies in bikinis are on the beach ?	two
6310	people are scuba diving watching the fishes are swimming between rocks .	what are people watching the fishes are swimming between rocks ?	diving
6312	A man spins and throws a ball onto the field .	what does the man spin and throws onto the field ?	ball
6322	The box is then picked up and placed on top of the wrapping paper and the man measures the wrapping paper .	what is then picked up and placed on top of the wrapping paper and the man measures the wrapping paper ?	box
6322	The box is then picked up and placed on top of the wrapping paper and the man measures the wrapping paper .	what is the box then picked up and placed on top of the wrapping paper and the man measures ?	paper
6323	The wrapping paper is then taped and the rest is measured before it taped .	what is then taped and the rest is measured before it taped ?	paper
6328	The climber checks his rope and shakes the clip off of his rope .	what checks his rope and shakes the clip off of his rope ?	climber
6328	The climber checks his rope and shakes the clip off of his rope .	the climber checks what and shakes the clip off of his rope ?	rope
6328	The climber checks his rope and shakes the clip off of his rope .	the climber checks his rope and shakes what off of his rope ?	clip
6330	People load into orange canoes .	what is the color of the canoes ?	orange
6332	Two guys paddle their canoe .	what does two guys paddle ?	canoe
6332	Two guys paddle their canoe .	how many guys paddle their canoe ?	two
6335	A woman spins a rod on the air while spinning and dancing , then she throws the rod high and spins before to catch the rod .	what does the woman spin on the air while spinning and dancing , then she throws the rod high and spins before to catch the rod ?	rod
6337	Then , the woman rolls the rod on her arms , then she throw the rod in the air and and does a cartwheel before catching the rod .	what does then , the woman roll the rod on her arms , then she throw the rod in the air and and does before catching the rod ?	cartwheel
6339	First the elderly woman goes to hug the young man and then a man in a blue shirt plays the piano beautifully of different melodies .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
6340	Then two little boys run outside the door while the man who 's standing by the door looks tired and pitiful .	how many little boys do then run outside the door while the man who 's standing by the door looks tired and pitiful ?	two
6343	He applies ointment to the shoe and resumes buffing the shoe .	he applies what to the shoe and resumes buffing the shoe ?	ointment
6344	The customer moves his right foot down and places his left foot on the stand and the man starts polishing the shoe .	the customer moves his right foot down and places his left foot on the stand and the man starts polishing what ?	shoe
6345	Two men on either side of the shoe shiner is observing the crowd .	how many men on either side of the shoe shiner is observing the crowd ?	two
6347	The train is moving along the station as a crowd walks by .	what is moving along the station as a crowd walks by ?	train
6351	The man drops his block and resumes buffing .	the man drops what and resumes buffing ?	block
6360	A helmet is shown and more interviews are conducted .	what is shown and more interviews are conducted ?	helmet
6361	An Asian man is standing by the keyboard , he is wearing a red shirt with black top inside .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
6361	An Asian man is standing by the keyboard , he is wearing a red shirt with black top inside .	what is the color of the inside ?	black
6362	Two people , one girl and one boy are sitting , the girl is wearing a white top , while the boy is wearing a white stripe sweater .	what is the color of the top ?	white
6362	Two people , one girl and one boy are sitting , the girl is wearing a white top , while the boy is wearing a white stripe sweater .	what is the color of the sweater ?	white
6364	A camera pans around a large body of water followed by people swimming in the water .	what pans around the large body of water followed by people swimming in the water ?	camera
6365	Clips are shown of people surfing as well as swimming in the water and smiling to the camera .	what are shown of people surfing as well as swimming in the water and smiling to the camera ?	clips
6366	More clips are shown of people close up moving along the water .	what are shown of people close up moving along the water ?	clips
6376	A white car is in the street .	what is in the street ?	car
6376	A white car is in the street .	what is the color of the car ?	white
6376	A white car is in the street .	where is the white car . ?	street
6377	women are in a big green field playing hurling .	what is the color of the playing ?	green
6378	woman is in a small green court practicing hurling shots .	what is the color of the court ?	green
6384	The crowd in the stadium cheers on .	where does the crowd cheer on . ?	stadium
6386	The pitcher pitches the ball .	what does the pitcher pitch ?	ball
6389	There 's a brown horse tied in a stable .	what does there 's tied in a stable ?	horse
6389	There 's a brown horse tied in a stable .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
6390	A woman in a green shirt and brown boots walks in and begins scrubbing the horse .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
6390	A woman in a green shirt and brown boots walks in and begins scrubbing the horse .	what is the color of the boots ?	brown
6394	The horse begins moving his neck and head as she continues scrubbing .	what begins moving his neck and head as she continues scrubbing ?	horse
6396	Three girls are riding stationary bikes .	what are three girls riding ?	bicycles
6396	Three girls are riding stationary bikes .	how many girls are riding stationary bikes ?	three
6403	Then , the girl grab the spoon and eats the ice cream .	then , the girl grab what and eats the ice cream ?	spoon
6409	People wears lanyards and watch around the exhibits , while a man explains a person holding two discs .	people wears lanyards and watch around the exhibits , while a man explains a person holding how many discs ?	two
6411	People are eating ice cream cones .	what are people eating ?	cones
6414	Two very large men are in the middle of a ring wearing sumo wrestling outfits .	how many very large men are in the middle of a ring wearing sumo wrestling outfits ?	two
6418	A woman manipulates a Rubik 's cube while a man watches on in a competitive setting .	what does the woman manipulate ?	cube
6419	Two men walk through the camera frame in the background .	how many men walk through the camera frame in the background ?	two
6425	A man wearing a black shirt and black shorts is standing next to an exercise machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
6425	A man wearing a black shirt and black shorts is standing next to an exercise machine .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
6427	He stops working out and releases the bar .	he stops and releases what ?	bar
6428	A man fry vegetables in a pan and stir with a large spoon .	the man fry what in a pan and stir with a large spoon ?	vegetables
6430	He roll the omelette and flip it in the air , then the man serves the omelette on a dish .	he roll what and flip it in the air , then the man serves the omelette on a dish ?	omelette
6433	The camera shows two other women in the room as they dance and smoke the hookah pipe with her .	what shows two other women in the room as they dance and smoke the hookah pipe with her ?	camera
6433	The camera shows two other women in the room as they dance and smoke the hookah pipe with her .	how many other women does the camera show in the room as they dance and smoke the hookah pipe with her ?	two
6433	The camera shows two other women in the room as they dance and smoke the hookah pipe with her .	where does the camera show two other women as they dance and smoke the hookah pipe with her . ?	room
6434	the camera turns to a man that is in the room with a camera taking pictures .	what turns to the man that is in the room with a camera taking pictures ?	camera
6435	A small girl is making cookies with her mother in her kitchen .	what is the small girl making with her mother in her kitchen ?	cookies
6438	The mother opens the oven and puts the tray full of cookie dough into the oven for baking .	the mother opens what and puts the tray full of cookie dough into the oven for baking ?	oven
6438	The mother opens the oven and puts the tray full of cookie dough into the oven for baking .	the mother opens the oven and puts what into the oven for baking ?	dough
6439	After the cookies are baked , they decorate the cookies with sprinkles and frosting .	what do , they decorate with sprinkles and frosting ?	cookies
6440	The girl proudly shows the finished cookie after it 's done .	what does the girl proudly show ?	cookie
6441	Two people are shown pushing around a lawn mower and cutting the lawn .	how many people are shown pushing around the lawn mower and cutting the lawn ?	two
6445	More clips are shown of people riding bikes along the trail while the camera captures it from several angles .	what are shown of people riding bikes along the trail while the camera captures it from several angles ?	clips
6446	woman wearing a red shirt is arm wretling again anothe woman laying on the floor .	woman wearing what is arm wretling again anothe woman laying on the floor ?	shirt
6446	woman wearing a red shirt is arm wretling again anothe woman laying on the floor .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
6447	a blonde woman wearing grey shirt is arm wrestling with another woman on a room .	the blonde woman wearing what is arm wrestling with another woman on a room ?	shirt
6447	a blonde woman wearing grey shirt is arm wrestling with another woman on a room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
6451	A man is seen wearing a helmet and kneeling down in a large room .	where is the man seen wearing a helmet and kneeling down . ?	room
6456	A counter counts quickly as he tries his best to solve the puzzle .	what counts quickly as he tries his best to solve the puzzle ?	counter
6457	He finally solves the cube , and stands up from the table .	he finally solves what , and stands up from the table ?	cube
6460	The kites are flying in the sky above water .	what are flying in the sky above water ?	kites
6461	The man walks up the hill .	what does the man walk up ?	hill
6464	The girl jump of the beam landing to the blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
6468	A camera pans around person 's faces on a snowy hill as well as them riding down a mountain .	what pans around person 's faces on a snowy hill as well as them riding down a mountain ?	camera
6470	A man wearing a hat is seen holding up a harmonica and begins playing with his hands .	the man wearing what is seen holding up a harmonica and begins playing with his hands ?	hat
6472	Two small children are seen drawing with chalk on a side walk while they occasionally looking back to the camera .	how many small children are seen drawing with chalk on a side walk while they occasionally looking back to the camera ?	two
6473	The girl is then seen play hop scotch jumping down the chalk while the boy watches from behind .	what is the girl then seen hop jumping down the chalk while the boy watches from behind ?	scotch
6483	Six people in helmets race on dirt bikes around a circular , paved track surrounded by grass , game tents and onlookers .	how many people in helmets race on dirt bikes around a circular , paved track surrounded by grass , game tents and onlookers ?	six
6485	The racers pedal with one person in a white jacket in the lead .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
6486	The race ends with the same person in the white jacket remaining in the lead until they approach the end of the track and an orange , white striped cone .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
6486	The race ends with the same person in the white jacket remaining in the lead until they approach the end of the track and an orange , white striped cone .	what is the color of the cone ?	white
6489	A grinder machine is shown on a patio .	what is shown on the patio ?	machine
6495	A man is kneeling down in a garage looking at tools on the ground .	where is the man kneeling down looking at tools on the ground . ?	garage
6496	He then grabs a metal mask and positions himself correctly on the floor .	he then grabs what and positions himself correctly on the floor ?	mask
6497	Once comfortable , the mask is held in position and he begins firing away at the object on the ground .	what is , held in position and he begins firing away at the object on the ground ?	mask
6503	She puts some mousse into her hand and proceeds to work it through her hair .	she puts what into her hand and proceeds to work it through her hair ?	mousse
6514	The cat tries to escape and the person calms the cat with a hair holder .	what tries to escape and the person calms the cat with a hair holder ?	cat
6515	The cat tries hard to escape .	what tries hard to escape ?	cat
6516	The lady finishes an the cat runs off and we see another cat sitting on a bed surrounded by clutter .	what does the lady finish and we see sitting on a bed surrounded by clutter ?	cat
6517	Two men are fighting with bows and arrows in a room .	how many men are fighting with bows and arrows in a room ?	two
6517	Two men are fighting with bows and arrows in a room .	where are two men fighting . ?	room
6522	Lemons are juiced one at a time and then put in a pot with sugar .	what are juiced one at a time and then put in a pot with sugar ?	lemons
6527	An elderly woman wearing glasses is standing in front of a car .	an elderly woman wearing what is standing in front of a car ?	glasses
6534	Two men are shown on the side of a building roof .	how many men are shown on the side of a building roof ?	two
6540	Then a girls wearing a pink floral bathing suit joins the boys and helps them build the sand castle .	then the girls wearing bathing what joins the boys and helps them build the sand castle ?	suit
6541	A man in glasses and beret is talking .	where is the man talking . ?	beret
6545	One man is sitting on a camel .	how many man is sitting on the camel ?	one
6547	A man in the background holds a video camera .	what does the man in the background hold ?	camera
6548	Another man hands the camels reigns to the man riding and the camel starts walking .	what does another man hand and starts walking ?	camel
6549	The camel turns it 's head around and yells at the man riding him .	what turns it 's head around and yells at the man riding him ?	camel
6558	The man then bounces the racket down and hits the tennis ball balancing on top .	the man then bounces the racket down and hits what on top ?	balancing
6561	The boy goes in a building .	where does the boy go . ?	building
6563	The lady then uses scissors .	what does the lady then use ?	scissors
6565	The lady give the little boy a red balloon .	what do the lady give the little boy ?	balloon
6565	The lady give the little boy a red balloon .	what is the color of the balloon ?	red
6576	A person holds up a flag and shows other people watching on the sides .	the person holds up what and shows other people watching on the sides ?	flag
6578	a boy is holding a very long pole .	what is the boy holding ?	pole
6579	The camera turns upright suddenly .	what turns upright suddenly ?	camera
6584	She add all the ingredients to the glass over the ice .	what do she add to the glass over the ice ?	ingredients
6587	A white screen then two boys in the kitchen .	the white screen how many boys in the kitchen ?	two
6587	A white screen then two boys in the kitchen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
6589	The boys then mix ingredients in a bowl .	the boys then mix what in a bowl ?	ingredients
6590	We see a person shift flour in a bowl .	where do we see a person shift flour . ?	bowl
6591	Someone stirs the cookie dough in a bowl .	where does someone stir the cookie dough . ?	bowl
6592	The dough is put on a sheet .	what is put on the sheet ?	dough
6593	A boy washes the dishes .	what does the boy wash ?	dishes
6594	The cookies are put in an oven .	what are put in an oven ?	cookies
6594	The cookies are put in an oven .	where are the cookies put . ?	oven
6595	A boy plays a guitar the other boy sings .	what does the boy play ?	guitar
6596	Each boy eats a cookie and we see them come out of the oven .	what does each boy eat and we see them come out of the oven ?	cookie
6598	A boy shakes his head yes and plays with a big black dog .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
6599	A man is showing washing his face with water into a sink and putting lotion into his hand .	what is the man showing and putting into his hand ?	lotion
6600	He rubs the soap together in his hands and massages into his face thoroughly .	what did he rub together in his hands and massages into his face thoroughly ?	soap
6601	He then wipes his face off with a towel and speaking to the camera and pouring more lotion .	what does he then wipe his face off with a towel and speaking to the camera and pouring ?	lotion
6602	He once again presses the lotion into his face and a recap is shown of his face .	what did he once again press into his face and a recap is shown of his face ?	lotion
6606	The man then walks and turns off the camera .	the man then walks and turns off what ?	camera
6609	A large cliff is seen near the ocean .	what is seen near the ocean ?	cliff
6610	Several boats are nearby , and people are kayaking through the area .	what are nearby , and people are kayaking through the area ?	boats
6616	A pair of shoes is on the floor , and a man wearing socks stands behind them .	the pair of shoes is on the floor , and a man wearing what stands behind them ?	socks
6626	The camera pans all around the people sitting and leads to one putting an objects on his leg .	what pans all around the people sitting and leads to one putting an objects on his leg ?	camera
6643	Next he shows the buckets close up and begins to describe how to use the buckets .	next he shows what close up and begins to describe how to use the buckets ?	buckets
6645	One man in blue shorts is kicking the kicking pad worn by the other man in black shorts .	how many man in blue shorts is kicking the kicking pad worn by the other man in black shorts ?	one
6645	One man in blue shorts is kicking the kicking pad worn by the other man in black shorts .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
6645	One man in blue shorts is kicking the kicking pad worn by the other man in black shorts .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
6646	Two men that are barechested are boxing each other outside the boxing ring .	how many men that are barechested are boxing each other outside the boxing ring ?	two
6649	Two people are seen sitting in front of cameras playing instruments while the camera zooms in .	how many people are seen sitting in front of cameras playing instruments while the camera zooms in ?	two
6651	There is man wearing a blue shirt and another man in black seated on a rock , talking about rock climbing .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
6651	There is man wearing a blue shirt and another man in black seated on a rock , talking about rock climbing .	what is the color of the man ?	black
6654	He is also showing tight rope walking from one end to another .	what is he also showing walking from one end to another ?	rope
6655	Then the person in black also walks on a tight rope .	what is the color of the person ?	black
6657	He lifts a barbell up to his chest .	what does he lift up to his chest ?	barbell
6662	One woman tries to laugh and is successful in not spitting it up .	how many woman tries to laugh and is successful in not spitting it up ?	one
6666	A person leads a large dog on a leash back and fourth on a hard wood floor .	the person leads what on a leash back and fourth on a hard wood floor ?	dog
6667	The dog drags the woman person around behind him and looks out the door and smiles .	what drags the woman person around behind him and looks out the door and smiles ?	dog
6667	The dog drags the woman person around behind him and looks out the door and smiles .	the dog drags the woman person around behind him and looks out what and smiles ?	door
6668	Two people are horseback riding on a snowy trail .	how many people are horseback riding on the snowy trail ?	two
6671	We see a lady slowly playing a drum .	we see a lady slowly playing what ?	drum
6675	We then see the camera operator .	what do we then see ?	operator
6676	The lady and the boy in orange struggle over an instrument .	what is the color of the struggle ?	orange
6679	hockey players are getting out the dressers to a field .	what are hockey players getting out to a field ?	dressers
6681	mani s welding something in a dark room and the players are in the court playing .	where does mani s welding something and the players are in the court playing . ?	room
6684	A person in a red shirt starts running towards them .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
6685	A woman is holding a black cat snuggled in a purple blanket .	what is the woman holding snuggled in a purple blanket ?	cat
6685	A woman is holding a black cat snuggled in a purple blanket .	what is the color of the cat ?	black
6685	A woman is holding a black cat snuggled in a purple blanket .	what is the color of the blanket ?	purple
6686	The cat is meowing as the woman holds her paws .	what is meowing as the woman holds her paws ?	cat
6688	The cat meows loudly in pain and the woman kisses the cat to calm her down .	what meows loudly in pain and the woman kisses the cat to calm her down ?	cat
6688	The cat meows loudly in pain and the woman kisses the cat to calm her down .	what does the cat meow loudly in pain and the woman kisses ?	cat
6691	A little girl is sitting in a rocking chair .	where is the little girl sitting . ?	chair
6695	The camera captures several angles of the people riding along a bike track and interviewing them in between shots .	what captures several angles of the people riding along a bike track and interviewing them in between shots ?	camera
6698	The woman in polka dots is sitting on the ground and showing her pants .	what is the woman in polka dots sitting on the ground and showing ?	pants
6700	Three men are seen sitting on the ground speaking to one another and leading into them riding down a road .	how many men are seen sitting on the ground speaking to one another and leading into them riding down a road ?	three
6703	Several tools are shown are then shown on cats and them laying down being pet .	what are then shown on cats and them laying down being pet ?	tools
6705	A white car is right behind him on the street .	what is right behind him on the street ?	car
6705	A white car is right behind him on the street .	what is the color of the car ?	white
6706	People are riding bicycles next to him .	what are people riding next to him ?	bicycles
6708	Several ingredients are laid out and shown close up one by one while the woman mixes them all together in a bowl .	what are laid out and shown close up one by one while the woman mixes them all together in a bowl ?	ingredients
6710	A camera shows a closet that pans into two girls seen riding on an elliptical .	what shows the closet that pans into two girls seen riding on an elliptical ?	camera
6710	A camera shows a closet that pans into two girls seen riding on an elliptical .	what does the camera show ?	closet
6711	One girl moves up and down on the machine while the other hangs on in front , leading to them jumping and speaking to the camera hiding in the closet .	how many girl moves up and down on the machine while the other hangs on in front , leading to them jumping and speaking to the camera hiding in the closet ?	one
6721	A person is peeling a sticker off of a white shoe .	what is the color of the shoe ?	white
6723	A person takes out cheese from a box , then he takes a jar that puts on the counter with two napkins , then he opens the fridge .	the person takes out cheese from a box , then he takes a jar that puts on the counter with two napkins , then he opens what ?	fridge
6725	The person puts two bottles and two slices of bread on the table , then he slices the cheese .	what does the person put two bottles and two slices of bread on the table , then he slices ?	cheese
6728	Two men in full fencing gear begin fighting .	how many men in full fencing gear begin fighting ?	two
6733	Leaves fall to the ground in droves as he trims .	what fall to the ground in droves as he trims ?	leaves
6734	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
6738	We see a title screen and see frozen fish sitting in the snow .	we see what and see frozen fish sitting in the snow ?	screen
6738	We see a title screen and see frozen fish sitting in the snow .	we see a title screen and see what in the snow ?	fish
6740	A group of members in green uniforms walks waving flags .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	green
6745	A woman and young boy are shown smiling and washing their hands in the sink when the woman begins washing his face .	where are the woman and young boy shown smiling and washing their hands when the woman begins washing his face . ?	sink
6747	A view is seen of a pool table , balls being triangled , and numerous people shooting the balls into the corner pockets during a competition .	what is the view seen of a pool table , balls being triangled , and numerous people shooting into the corner pockets during a competition ?	balls
6749	People are driving bumper cars on a brown floor .	what are people driving on a brown floor ?	cars
6749	People are driving bumper cars on a brown floor .	what is the color of the floor ?	brown
6750	The bumper cars collide with each other .	what collide with each other ?	cars
6752	A bunch of people ride camels .	what do the bunch of people ride ?	camels
6753	The camel gets down and kneels .	what gets down and kneels ?	camel
6759	He forms huge circles and stands up .	he forms what and stands up ?	circles
6762	An athlete wearing a white shirt and red shorts is running with a javelin in his hand in a stadium with several spectators .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
6762	An athlete wearing a white shirt and red shorts is running with a javelin in his hand in a stadium with several spectators .	what is the color of the shorts ?	red
6763	There is a person seated on a white bench wearing a blue uniform , tying his shoelaces .	what is the color of the bench ?	white
6763	There is a person seated on a white bench wearing a blue uniform , tying his shoelaces .	what is the color of the uniform ?	blue
6771	Then two teams play lacrosse in a field throwing the call with a stick .	how many teams do then play lacrosse in the field throwing the call with a stick ?	two
6772	A man walks through his yard and retrieves a push leaf blower .	the man walks through his yard and retrieves push what ?	blower
6774	The man finishes and pushes the leaf blower beside the fence with the other machinery then walks away .	the man finishes and pushes what beside the fence with the other machinery then walks away ?	blower
6775	A person in a black coat is shoveling show from a driveway .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
6776	A man is being shown standing in a garage .	where is the man being shown standing . ?	garage
6778	Girl in black shoots and score goal .	what is the color of the shoots ?	black
6779	Teammates congratulate the girl in black for the goal .	what is the color of the girl ?	black
6781	Girl in black runs after the ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	black
6782	Girl in black hits the ball to her teammate .	what does girl in black hit to her teammate ?	ball
6782	Girl in black hits the ball to her teammate .	what is the color of the ball ?	black
6786	His whole face appears in the frame and you can see him bobbing his head and focusing more on his sound .	where does his whole face appear and you can see him bobbing his head and focusing more on his sound . ?	frame
6788	The dog brings it back and the girl throws the object several more times , with the dog chaseing and coming back each time .	what brings it back and the girl throws the object several more times , with the dog chaseing and coming back each time ?	dog
6793	The lady towel dries her face .	what dries her face ?	towel
6794	The lady puts spots of white lotion on her face and rubs it in .	what is the color of the lotion ?	white
6795	The lady presents a small tube product .	what does the lady present ?	product
6798	The young person then does a 360 flip in the water and keeps going and shortly after , he does another trick .	the young person then does how many flip in the water and keeps going and shortly after ?	360
6802	three women are standing in a park in a field doing yoga .	how many women are standing in the park in a field doing yoga ?	three
6814	Four bikers at the start of the line are wearing different colors of uniforms and helmets , they are about to get start the race .	how many bikers at the start of the line are wearing different colors of uniforms and helmets ?	four
6815	A camera pans around a dresser followed by several objects and ingredients being shown to the camera .	what pans around the dresser followed by several objects and ingredients being shown to the camera ?	camera
6817	She places the pieces together and ends by smiling to the camera .	she places what together and ends by smiling to the camera ?	pieces
6820	A spinning logo with a purple background then text are seen on the screen .	what is the color of the background ?	purple
6821	A woman in blue dress plays a drum set in a studio .	what is the color of the dress ?	blue
6821	A woman in blue dress plays a drum set in a studio .	where does the woman in blue dress play a drum set . ?	studio
6822	The video opens with the host using purple nail tape to create a pattern , slowly applying and making sure it is straight .	what is the color of the tape ?	purple
6823	Next a matte coat is applied over the nail and tape .	what is next applied over the nail and tape ?	coat
6824	The tape is gently peeled off the nail , and a top coat is applied to the intersection of lines .	what is gently peeled off the nail , and a top coat is applied to the intersection of lines ?	tape
6824	The tape is gently peeled off the nail , and a top coat is applied to the intersection of lines .	what is the tape gently peeled off the nail , and is applied to the intersection of lines ?	coat
6825	Next , a micro bead is placed where the lines meet .	what is next , placed where the lines meet ?	bead
6826	The next nail project features a white painted nail and host makes two black C 's to mimic the Chanel logo .	the next nail project features a white painted nail and host makes how many black c 's to mimic the chanel logo ?	two
6826	The next nail project features a white painted nail and host makes two black C 's to mimic the Chanel logo .	what is the color of the nail ?	white
6826	The next nail project features a white painted nail and host makes two black C 's to mimic the Chanel logo .	what is the color of the c ?	black
6828	Finally a matte top coat is applied to finish it off .	what is finally applied to finish it off ?	coat
6830	The man peels the dough pieces with a machine and lays them flat to roll out dough .	the man peels what with a machine and lays them flat to roll out dough ?	pieces
6831	The man then rolls out the flattened dough and shows off his finished pasta .	the man then rolls out what and shows off his finished pasta ?	dough
6831	The man then rolls out the flattened dough and shows off his finished pasta .	the man then rolls out the flattened dough and shows off what ?	pasta
6848	Two people are seen standing at the bottom of a snowy hill speaking to one another when a person comes riding down on a tube .	how many people are seen standing at the bottom of a snowy hill speaking to one another when a person comes riding down on a tube ?	two
6851	Two hands appear , demonstrating several signs indicating the rock , paper , scissors game .	how many hands appear , demonstrating several signs indicating the rock , paper , scissors game ?	two
6855	A woman bakes a round cake , frosting it and surrounding it by chocolate bars .	what does the woman bake , ?	cake
6857	She prepares the bags , making them look neat before sprinkling the candies onto the top of the cake , completely covering it .	what does she prepare , ?	bags
6859	She then balances the bags atop the sticks .	what does she then balance atop the sticks ?	bags
6861	The camera zooms out and the people begin to play the game , tossing the ball back and forth to each other .	what zooms out and the people begin to play the game , tossing the ball back and forth to each other ?	camera
6863	The man uses the tool all along the hedge while trimming the top .	what does the man use all along the hedge while trimming the top ?	tool
6867	Two men are sumo wrestling on a ring .	how many men are sumo wrestling on a ring ?	two
6868	A man in a robe is standing behind them .	where is the man standing behind them . ?	robe
6873	One croquet goal is accomplished on the grass by one player in brown shoes and a blue pants in the final clip .	how many croquet goal is accomplished on the grass by one player in brown shoes and a blue pants in the final clip ?	one
6873	One croquet goal is accomplished on the grass by one player in brown shoes and a blue pants in the final clip .	what is the color of the shoes ?	brown
6873	One croquet goal is accomplished on the grass by one player in brown shoes and a blue pants in the final clip .	what is the color of the pants ?	blue
6874	A measuring tape is shown up close .	what is measuring shown up close ?	tape
6875	We see a track person preparing to run .	what do we see preparing to run ?	person
6880	The camera zooms out and we see it 's a set with camera equipment around .	what zooms out and we see it 's a set with camera equipment around ?	camera
6889	She puts the bottle down on the sink and walks away .	she puts what down on the sink and walks away ?	bottle
6893	The man with black apron is brushing the counter .	what is the man with black apron brushing ?	counter
6893	The man with black apron is brushing the counter .	what is the color of the apron ?	black
6899	The man pushes the leaves around the yard .	what does the man push around the yard ?	leaves
6900	The man holds up the leaves and speaks to the camera .	the man holds up what and speaks to the camera ?	leaves
6906	The crowd watches the person dive .	what does the crowd watch ?	dive
6907	A man wearing a coach shirt is standing while a female gymnast turns flips on a beam .	the man wearing what is standing while a female gymnast turns flips on a beam ?	shirt
6910	A man is shown mountain climbing up the side of a cliff .	what is the man shown ?	mountain
6911	man is mopping the floor in a laundry room .	where is man mopping the floor . ?	room
6914	The handle gets stuck and the woman tries to help the girl .	what gets stuck and the woman tries to help the girl ?	handle
6918	people are riding camels in the sand , the camel kneel down and the man and the woman go down .	what are people riding camels in the sand , kneel down and the man and the woman go down ?	camel
6920	men go on a camel and the camel stands up .	what do men go on a camel and stands up ?	camel
6921	A man is climbing up a mountain trying to find the right spots to pull himself up .	what is the man climbing up trying to find the right spots to pull himself up ?	mountain
6925	A man in a black shirt and white gloves places billiard balls on a pool table .	what does the man in a black shirt and white gloves place on a pool table ?	balls
6925	A man in a black shirt and white gloves places billiard balls on a pool table .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
6925	A man in a black shirt and white gloves places billiard balls on a pool table .	what is the color of the gloves ?	white
6926	A man with a light blue shirt inspects the position of the billiard balls up close .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
6927	The man in the light blue shirt gets into position with the cue stick and breaks the billiards balls and the balls go in many directions .	the man in the light blue shirt gets into position with the cue stick and breaks what and the balls go in many directions ?	balls
6927	The man in the light blue shirt gets into position with the cue stick and breaks the billiards balls and the balls go in many directions .	the man in the light blue shirt gets into position with the cue stick and breaks the billiards balls and what go in many directions ?	balls
6927	The man in the light blue shirt gets into position with the cue stick and breaks the billiards balls and the balls go in many directions .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
6928	The man in the black shirt returns and inspects the table and then steps back .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
6929	The man in the light blue shirt prepares for his next shot by walking from one side of the billiard table to the other looking for his next shot .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
6933	The guy in the black in the back walks off .	what is the color of the guy ?	black
6935	two new guys arrive in the back .	how many new guys arrive in the back ?	two
6937	the yellow bus drives past .	what is the color of the bus ?	yellow
6938	the red team is listening to the coach .	what is the color of the team ?	red
6942	A white bus drives past .	what is the color of the bus ?	white
6953	Two people are seen sitting before a wave pool and one leads another out onto the water on a board .	how many people are seen sitting before the wave pool and one leads another out onto the water on a board ?	two
6958	A small blue bottle of the sun screen is then shown and several more people begin talking about the product .	what is the color of the bottle ?	blue
6960	A young boy holds a dish scrub as he speaks .	what does the young boy hold ?	scrub
6963	He grabs a towel and cleans the glass and moves on to scrub the glass as well .	he grabs what and cleans the glass and moves on to scrub the glass as well ?	towel
6968	He moves the fork to the water to rinse soap off it .	what does he move to the water to rinse soap off it ?	fork
6970	Two girls are seen speaking to the camera while holding cups in their hands and laughing to one another .	how many girls are seen speaking to the camera while holding cups in their hands and laughing to one another ?	two
6971	The camera zooms in on the cups and the girl continue laughing while finally drinking from the cup .	what zooms in on the cups and the girl continue laughing while finally drinking from the cup ?	camera
6980	A girl with long blond hair , wearing a blue robe is doing a tutorial on how to use hot rollers in her hair .	what is the girl with long blond hair , wearing is doing a tutorial on how to use hot rollers in her hair ?	robe
6980	A girl with long blond hair , wearing a blue robe is doing a tutorial on how to use hot rollers in her hair .	what is the color of the robe ?	blue
6981	There is another woman wearing white who is demonstrating how to section out her hair and start putting the rollers in the her one by one .	what is the color of the woman ?	white
6987	The people then perform in front of a large group of people and one performer is interviewed in between .	how many performer is interviewed in between ?	one
6988	The news segment then begins talking to other people in the studio who give their opinions and ends with the host laughing and smiling .	what then begins talking to other people in the studio who give their opinions and ends with the host laughing and smiling ?	segment
6991	A scuba diver is swimming through the water on a video game .	what is swimming through the water on a video game ?	diver
7000	She shows off her sweater and finally puts her knitting gear down .	she shows off what and finally puts her knitting gear down ?	sweater
7000	She shows off her sweater and finally puts her knitting gear down .	she shows off her sweater and finally puts what down ?	gear
7006	Then she adds some food coloring to the lemonade and stirs it well .	then she adds what to the lemonade and stirs it well ?	coloring
7007	She then pours the lemonade in a glass with ice and gives it to her son .	she then pours what in a glass with ice and gives it to her son ?	lemonade
7009	A man wearing a black vest holds white disc 's in his hand while a border collie stands in front of him .	the man wearing what holds white disc 's in his hand while a border collie stands in front of him ?	vest
7009	A man wearing a black vest holds white disc 's in his hand while a border collie stands in front of him .	what is the color of the vest ?	black
7009	A man wearing a black vest holds white disc 's in his hand while a border collie stands in front of him .	what is the color of the disc ?	white
7010	The man steps froward and slaps the white discs on his thigh .	what froward and slaps the white discs on his thigh ?	steps
7010	The man steps froward and slaps the white discs on his thigh .	the man steps froward and slaps what on his thigh ?	discs
7010	The man steps froward and slaps the white discs on his thigh .	what is the color of the discs ?	white
7011	The man steps forward switching each foot as the boarder collie runs between the mans legs .	what forward switching each foot as the boarder collie runs between the mans legs ?	steps
7012	The man taps his head with the white disc he crouches and the boarder collie jumps on his back and balances their .	what does the man tap his head with the white disc he crouches and jumps on his back and balances their ?	collie
7012	The man taps his head with the white disc he crouches and the boarder collie jumps on his back and balances their .	what is the color of the disc ?	white
7013	The man tosses the the disc over his head and the boarder collie catches it and runs off .	what does the man toss the the disc over his head and catches it and runs off ?	collie
7016	Two girls are on an indoor basketball court .	how many girls are on an indoor basketball court ?	two
7017	They are performing using batons and wearing purple dresses .	what is the color of the dresses ?	purple
7020	A person wake boards on a lake while being towed .	what do the person wake on a lake while being towed ?	boards
7023	A black screen is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words .	what is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words ?	screen
7023	A black screen is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words .	what is the black screen shown with green words on it and then moves to a white paper with black words ?	screen
7023	A black screen is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7023	A black screen is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words .	what is the color of the words ?	green
7023	A black screen is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
7023	A black screen is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words .	what is the color of the words ?	black
7024	After , a green Lacrosse team appears and they begin to compete .	what is the color of the team ?	green
7025	Someone makes a goal and then the ball is placed back in the middle of the field .	what does someone make a goal and then is placed back in the middle of the field ?	ball
7027	Finally , a black screen appears and the score is shown in blue and green writing .	what does finally , appear and the score is shown in blue and green writing ?	screen
7027	Finally , a black screen appears and the score is shown in blue and green writing .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7031	People are playing instruments marching down a street .	what are people playing ?	instruments
7033	A person holding a baton stands in front of the band .	the person holding what stands in front of the band ?	baton
7034	A man stands on the roof of a building , and two others appear .	how many others appear ?	two
7035	They are flying kites in the air over the brick building .	what are they flying in the air over the brick building ?	kites
7043	girl is wearing a leather jacket spining in the bumper car in the amusement car .	what is girl wearing spining in the bumper car in the amusement car ?	jacket
7044	There 's a young man wearing a blue shirt and a black helmet skateboarding on a two way road .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
7044	There 's a young man wearing a blue shirt and a black helmet skateboarding on a two way road .	what is the color of the skateboarding ?	black
7047	He finally slows down as cameraman approaches a gray car .	what is the color of the car ?	gray
7051	We see a magazine on a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
7054	A man is running and holding a camera facing himself .	what is the man running and holding facing himself ?	camera
7059	We see the ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
7063	When he is done , the wall is completely smooth .	what is , completely smooth ?	wall
7066	A bunch of people are playing beer pong in different outfits .	what are the bunch of people playing in different outfits ?	pong
7067	Then people bong a beer .	what did then people bong ?	beer
7069	woman is sitting in front of a white table holding a halloween pumpkin .	what is the color of the table ?	white
7071	woman daw the face with black markers and open the holes on the pumpkin .	woman daw the face with black markers and open what on the pumpkin ?	holes
7071	woman daw the face with black markers and open the holes on the pumpkin .	what is the color of the markers ?	black
7072	A man in black shirt is stalking in front of the camera , then the calendar and then drawing is shown .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
7078	There are different athletes in the beginning of the video , but then 2 people are shown diving into the water while a huge crowd watches them .	how many people are then shown diving into the water while a huge crowd watches them ?	two
7079	In the end , the men 's 10m synchro platform is held .	what is in the end , held ?	platform
7081	At one point the raft flips over the men riding down the river .	what does at one point flip over the men riding down the river ?	raft
7083	A news woman is talking in a news room .	where is the news woman talking . ?	room
7088	Two people are dancing in a room .	how many people are dancing in the room ?	two
7088	Two people are dancing in a room .	where are two people dancing . ?	room
7091	A woman standing outside on the roof smoking a cigarette .	what is the woman standing outside on the roof smoking ?	cigarette
7094	She exhales one last time and then put her cigarette out on a wall .	she exhales one last time and then put what out on a wall ?	cigarette
7094	She exhales one last time and then put her cigarette out on a wall .	she exhales how many last time and then put her cigarette out on a wall ?	one
7099	The man then cleans the dishes and puts them away , then looking over upset to see more dishes .	the man then cleans what and puts them away , then looking over upset ?	dishes
7100	A groups of students exercise and cheers on a competition , then boys wearing red t-shirt throw bowling balls and throw all the pins and celebrates .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	red
7101	Then , young people wearing green t-shirts are successful playing bowling .	then , young people wearing what are successful playing bowling ?	t-shirts
7101	Then , young people wearing green t-shirts are successful playing bowling .	what is the color of the t-shirts ?	green
7110	A man is standing in front of a white screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
7113	A little girl plays softly the drums holding two sticks while she is singing on a microphone .	what does the little girl play softly holding two sticks while she is singing on a microphone ?	drums
7114	The , the girl plays more fast the drums .	what does the , the girl play more fast ?	drums
7116	the lady also rides a one wheel bike while hula hooping .	how many wheel bike does the lady also rid while hula hooping ?	one
7119	the girl hula hoops a big tire hula hoop then hula hoops with three hula hoops using her two hands and one feet in the air .	what does the girl hula hoop then hula hoops with three hula hoops using her two hands and one feet in the air ?	hoop
7121	Three men dressed in fencing gear are standing in a gym .	how many men dressed in fencing gear are standing in a gym ?	three
7123	The two men begin making movements as the man instructs them to , showing off the different fencing techniques .	how many men begin making movements as the man instructs them to , showing off the different fencing techniques ?	two
7126	She lands on a yellow mat under her .	what is the color of the mat ?	yellow
7128	A man is wearing a white robe with a black belt .	what is the man wearing with a black belt ?	robe
7128	A man is wearing a white robe with a black belt .	what is the color of the robe ?	white
7128	A man is wearing a white robe with a black belt .	what is the color of the belt ?	black
7129	He starts doing karate moves in a room .	where does he start doing karate moves . ?	room
7131	woman put an egg on a bowl and mix it with vanilla .	woman put what on a bowl and mix it with vanilla ?	egg
7132	quick oats and baking powder , cocoa powder and salt are mixed in a bowl .	where are quick oats and baking powder , cocoa powder and salt mixed . ?	bowl
7133	a chocolate bar are cut in pieces with nuts and put in a bowl .	what are cut in pieces with nuts and put in a bowl ?	bar
7133	a chocolate bar are cut in pieces with nuts and put in a bowl .	where are the chocolate bar cut in pieces with nuts and put . ?	bowl
7135	themix is wrap and put in a refrigerator .	where is themix wrap and put . ?	refrigerator
7137	A person practice dribbling and shooting the ball walking or running in the court , while a man watch the training .	what is the person practice dribbling and shooting walking or running in the court , while a man watch the training ?	ball
7141	A large body of crystal blue water is shown and a large boat with people are in it .	what is the color of the water ?	blue
7146	The kids then sweep up the floor while dancing and having fun and end by all waving to the camera .	what did the kids then sweep up ?	floor
7147	The woman in white shirt is standing , then kneel down next to a big plastic bag on the ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
7148	She opened the bag , put the content of the bag in the uneven hole on the ground , and flatten it using her gloved hand .	what did she open , ?	bag
7150	She put another bag on the ground , flatten them using her hand until the area is covered .	what did she put on the ground , ?	bag
7152	Two women are on a stand opposite one another at a table beginning to arm wrestle .	how many women are on the stand opposite one another at a table beginning to arm wrestle ?	two
7155	There is a woman in a white blouse along with a man in a white shirt in a studio practicing ballroom dancing .	what is the color of the blouse ?	white
7155	There is a woman in a white blouse along with a man in a white shirt in a studio practicing ballroom dancing .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
7161	A group of women gather , and a praying mantis is seen .	what do the group of women gather , and is seen ?	mantis
7163	woman is painting in a white paper green leaves in a chinese tree .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
7163	woman is painting in a white paper green leaves in a chinese tree .	what is the color of the leaves ?	green
7164	a red paint is shown and woman put a stamp on the corner of the paper .	what is shown and woman put a stamp on the corner of the paper ?	paint
7164	a red paint is shown and woman put a stamp on the corner of the paper .	what is the red paint shown and woman put on the corner of the paper ?	stamp
7164	a red paint is shown and woman put a stamp on the corner of the paper .	what is the color of the paint ?	red
7165	woman is painting a blue ad purple chinese flower .	what is woman painting ?	flower
7165	woman is painting a blue ad purple chinese flower .	what is the color of the flower ?	purple
7166	a red and black flowers are painted on a white paper with very detail for the same woman in a dark room .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	woman used what for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers ?	painting
7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	woman used some black painting for make details , put what on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers ?	stamp
7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished what with yellow and reddetails on the flowers ?	painting
7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	what is the color of the painting ?	black
7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	what is the color of the stamp ?	red
7171	Two men are seen jumping and kicking around one another performing various flips and tricks .	how many men are seen jumping and kicking around one another performing various flips and tricks ?	two
7174	A roofer nails tiles into the roof beams of a home .	what does the roofer nail into the roof beams of a home ?	tiles
7175	The construction worker slides tiles into place on a roof .	what does the construction worker slide into place on a roof ?	tiles
7176	A crew of construction workers get tiles up onto a roof .	what do the crew of construction workers get up onto a roof ?	tiles
7177	A finished tile roof is seen when the job is done .	what is seen when the job is done ?	roof
7181	He makes a few baskets , then tries again and again .	what does he make , then tries again and again ?	baskets
7190	She takes some hair gel out of an orange container and uses it on the tips of her braid to smoothen the hair .	what is the color of the container ?	orange
7191	She further braids the bottom part of her braid till the end and ties another hair tie around it .	she further braids the bottom part of her braid till the end and ties what around it ?	tie
7200	He puts all the pieces in a black bag .	what is the color of the bag ?	black
7200	He puts all the pieces in a black bag .	where does he put all the pieces . ?	bag
7204	A crowd of about one thousand people are outside and in the stadium watching a bull fight .	what are the crowd of about one thousand people outside and in watching a bull fight ?	stadium
7204	A crowd of about one thousand people are outside and in the stadium watching a bull fight .	the crowd of about one thousand people are outside and in the stadium watching what ?	fight
7205	Three young men are in the center and begin to tamper with two black and white bulls .	how many young men are in the center and begin to tamper with two black and white bulls ?	three
7206	The two bulls are now fighting with one another and the crowd begins to close in on them to see the action .	what are now fighting with one another and the crowd begins to close in on them to see the action ?	bulls
7206	The two bulls are now fighting with one another and the crowd begins to close in on them to see the action .	how many bulls are now fighting with one another ?	two
7207	A camera pans around a lake and shows a boat moving along the water .	what pans around the lake and shows a boat moving along the water ?	camera
7207	A camera pans around a lake and shows a boat moving along the water .	the camera pans around a lake and shows what moving along the water ?	boat
7214	Two businessmen play on a team against the table tennis pro .	how many businessmen play on the team against the table tennis pro ?	two
7217	The camera pans over to the left to show the slide in another part of the jungle gym .	what pans over to the left to show the slide in another part of the jungle gym ?	camera
7218	The camera pans back to the monkey bars .	what pans back to the monkey bars ?	camera
7219	The boy attempts the climb again , this time from the top rung of the ladder on the inside and falls , he gets up and goes to the ladder again .	the boy attempts what again , this time from the top rung of the ladder on the inside and falls , he gets up and goes to the ladder again ?	climb
7230	She puts the pastry onto the cake and continues putting frosting all around the cake .	she puts what onto the cake and continues putting frosting all around the cake ?	pastry
7231	The camera zooms around the cake and shows the woman putting a face on the cake and showing off the finished result .	what zooms around the cake and shows the woman putting a face on the cake and showing off the finished result ?	camera
7232	Two news anchors are talking in a room .	what are talking in the room ?	anchors
7232	Two news anchors are talking in a room .	how many news anchors are talking in the room ?	two
7232	Two news anchors are talking in a room .	where are two news anchors talking . ?	room
7233	A man is making food in a kitchen .	where is the man making food . ?	kitchen
7234	He cooks mushrooms in a pan .	where does he cook mushrooms . ?	pan
7236	A long colorful scarf is seen running over chairs .	what is seen running over chairs ?	scarf
7237	A woman is seen knitting the scarf in a purple dress .	what is the color of the dress ?	purple
7238	Three other woman sit together and knit a section of the scarf .	how many other woman sit together and knit the section of the scarf ?	three
7239	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
7244	We see a shoe briefly .	what do we see briefly ?	shoe
7245	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
7252	The man peels the potato until it has no more skin on it .	what does the man peel ?	potato
7253	Two men are standing together on a table with their fist up as the referee holds their wrist .	how many men are standing together on the table with their fist up as the referee holds their wrist ?	two
7262	More pictures of products are shown that end with more text and a woman pushing away makeup .	what are more pictures of products shown that end with more text and a woman pushing away ?	makeup
7263	A large snowy mountain is seen as people gather on the ice .	what is seen as people gather on the ice ?	mountain
7277	A man with white shirt is standing in front of a machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
7278	He turned around and pointed the machine .	he turned around and pointed what ?	machine
7279	The machine is being shown .	what is being shown ?	machine
7280	A man who is wearing a white shirt keeps talking , while behind him a man in gray shirt walked and reach something in the machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
7280	A man who is wearing a white shirt keeps talking , while behind him a man in gray shirt walked and reach something in the machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
7281	The man in gray shirt put a powdery stuff in the machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
7281	The man in gray shirt put a powdery stuff in the machine .	where did the man in gray shirt put a powdery stuff . ?	machine
7282	He is shaking the bag .	what is he shaking ?	bag
7283	The man in white shirt is putting cement on the wall .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
7284	The man is holding a blue long tube pointing on the wall .	what is the man holding pointing on the wall ?	tube
7284	The man is holding a blue long tube pointing on the wall .	what is the color of the tube ?	blue
7285	The man in gray uniform used the tube/pump and spray the cement on the wall .	what is the color of the uniform ?	gray
7294	The camera watches her as she walks away and sticks her tongue out to another person .	what watches her as she walks away and sticks her tongue out to another person ?	camera
7300	A special effect intro screen appears which is mainly blue and white words in the middle of the screen appear and they read `` ROPE SKIPPING '' .	what appears which is mainly blue and white words in the middle of the screen appear and they read `` rope skipping '' ?	screen
7300	A special effect intro screen appears which is mainly blue and white words in the middle of the screen appear and they read `` ROPE SKIPPING '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
7301	Behind the words there are 4 girls with their own jump ropes and they 're all rope skipping separately and eventually they jump in unison .	how many girls are behind the words there with their own jump ropes and they 're all rope skipping separately ?	four
7303	A man in a grey print hoodie is standing against a wall introducing himself and then explaining that he is going to give a tutorial for some tricks .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	gray
7305	The camera pans up and a black screen appears with white letters and a website address followed by a film company and a site channel .	what pans up and the black screen appears with white letters and a website address followed by a film company and a site channel ?	camera
7305	The camera pans up and a black screen appears with white letters and a website address followed by a film company and a site channel .	what does the camera pan up and appears with white letters and a website address followed by a film company and a site channel ?	screen
7305	The camera pans up and a black screen appears with white letters and a website address followed by a film company and a site channel .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7305	The camera pans up and a black screen appears with white letters and a website address followed by a film company and a site channel .	what is the color of the letters ?	white
7310	She takes a hose and wets the dog first .	she takes a hose and wets what first ?	dog
7311	There is another little puppy running around the dog and a little kitten too .	what is there running around the dog and a little kitten too ?	puppy
7315	The dog is playing on a rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body .	what is playing on the rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body ?	dog
7316	The little puppy is running around the dog with wet fur too .	what is running around the dog with wet fur too ?	puppy
7318	Ingredients are added one at a time , mixing them all together .	what are added one at a time , mixing them all together ?	ingredients
7319	The dough is piped onto the tray , then baked .	what is piped onto the tray , then baked ?	dough
7321	She picks up a plastic bottle .	what does she pick up ?	bottle
7325	Two men exhibit and demonstrate the use of an automated tennis ball server on a tennis ball court .	how many men exhibit and demonstrate the use of an automated tennis ball server on a tennis ball court ?	two
7326	An animation graphic appears exhibiting two gold cylinders inside of a metal bracket .	what appears exhibiting two gold cylinders inside of a metal bracket ?	graphic
7326	An animation graphic appears exhibiting two gold cylinders inside of a metal bracket .	how many gold cylinders does an animation graphic appear exhibiting inside of a metal bracket ?	two
7327	The animated graphic morphs into a real and actual version of the graphic , appearing on a outdoor tennis court and flanked by two men .	what morphs into the real and actual version of the graphic , appearing on a outdoor tennis court and flanked by two men ?	graphic
7330	We see a man laying tile in another room .	where do we see a man laying tile . ?	room
7331	Two men are in the same room working on different projects .	how many men are in the same room working on different projects ?	two
7334	Skateboards skate and do tricks down stairs and on benches throughout a city .	what skate and do tricks down stairs and on benches throughout a city ?	skateboards
7341	A man in a white shirt starts singing and dancing on the stage .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
7343	A chef in a white chefs outfit in a kitchen , boils potatoes and onions in a pot .	what is the color of the outfit ?	white
7343	A chef in a white chefs outfit in a kitchen , boils potatoes and onions in a pot .	where does the chef in a white chefs outfit in a kitchen , boil potatoes and onions . ?	pot
7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	the chef then puts what along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product ?	vegetables
7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	the chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks what in to showcase the finished product ?	chopsticks
7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	the chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase what ?	product
7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	the chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks how many large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product ?	two
7349	A man is seen standing on a ladder and leads into several pictures of him on the ladder and then painting the wall with another .	the man is seen and leads into several pictures of him on the ladder and then painting what with another ?	wall
7358	She is hitting the shuttle cock .	what is she hitting ?	cock
7366	The camera shows the other two players .	what shows the other two players ?	camera
7366	The camera shows the other two players .	how many players does the camera show ?	two
7369	She then takes out her contacts and holds up another container .	she then takes out her contacts and holds up what ?	container
7376	A woman is pouring ingredients into a Kitchen aid .	what is the woman pouring into a kitchen aid ?	ingredients
7377	She turns it on and mixes the ingredients together .	she turns it on and mixes what together ?	ingredients
7382	Two teams are playing lacrosse outdoors .	how many teams are playing lacrosse outdoors ?	two
7399	One of the contestants falls off his bike and seems like he 's injured .	one of the contestants falls off what and seems like he 's injured ?	bicycle
7406	The man pushes the machinery around the lawn while looking into the camera .	what does the man push around the lawn while looking into the camera ?	machinery
7412	There are two women in a bathroom washing clothes in blue buckets filled with foamy soap water .	how many women are there in a bathroom washing clothes in blue buckets filled with foamy soap water ?	two
7412	There are two women in a bathroom washing clothes in blue buckets filled with foamy soap water .	what is the color of the buckets ?	blue
7413	The women soak the clothes in the soap water and rinse them out to clean them .	the women soak what in the soap water and rinse them out to clean them ?	clothes
7414	Then she put the clothes in a large metal drum that spins rapidly to drain off excess water .	what did then she put in a large metal drum that spins rapidly to drain off excess water ?	clothes
7421	A woman wearing a shawl stands in front of a tropical plant outdoors .	the woman wearing what stands in front of a tropical plant outdoors ?	shawl
7425	woman is standing in a shooting room holding a bow and throwing the arrow into a board .	where is woman standing holding a bow and throwing the arrow into a board . ?	room
7432	man is assembling a shuffleboard court in a sidewalk .	where is man assembling a shuffleboard court . ?	sidewalk
7444	They fight over the ball , trying to get it into a goal .	what do they fight over , ?	ball
7448	A chef dressed in a white chef 's outfit is demonstrating how to sharpen kitchen knives using a tool called Rada knife sharpener .	what is the color of the chef ?	white
7450	He places a kitchen towel on the counter and then places the knife on top of it .	he places what on the counter and then places the knife on top of it ?	towel
7450	He places a kitchen towel on the counter and then places the knife on top of it .	he places a kitchen towel on the counter and then places what on top of it ?	knife
7456	The guy steps off the tight rope and smiles .	the guy steps off what and smiles ?	rope
7458	The person mixes ingredients together and lays them on slices of bread to create a sandwich .	the person mixes what together and lays them on slices of bread ?	ingredients
7460	An older man is sitting in a tube while an older woman climbs on the back .	where is an older man sitting while an older woman climbs on the back . ?	tube
7461	The man in the tube is wearing skiis and eventually rides behind the boat with the woman on top .	where is the man wearing skiis and eventually rides behind the boat with the woman on top . ?	tube
7463	A woman stands in a kitchen , staring at the camera .	where does the woman stand , . ?	kitchen
7464	The person opens an oven and pulls out a tray of chocolate chip cookies .	the person opens what and pulls out a tray of chocolate chip cookies ?	oven
7466	The woman scoops the cookies off the tray , loosening them .	what does the woman scoop off the tray , ?	cookies
7473	They use the chair as a prop and dance until it time to stop and then they hug .	what do they use as a prop and dance and then they hug ?	chair
7485	The athlete sits with a coach and watches a tv screen .	the athlete sits with a coach and watches what ?	screen
7488	The athlete does multiple pole vaults during practice onto the mat .	what does the athlete do during practice onto the mat ?	vaults
7493	A silver car is parked in the street .	what is parked in the street ?	car
7493	A silver car is parked in the street .	where is the silver car parked . ?	street
7494	A man power washes the car in the street .	where does the man power wash the car . ?	street
7496	The car is now completely clean .	what is now completely clean ?	car
7502	A vast ocean view is shown as a wave crashes in .	what is shown as the wave crashes in ?	view
7507	He peels the potato one strip at a time .	how many strip does he peel at a time ?	one
7508	Cars are getting washed at a car wash .	what are getting washed at the car wash ?	cars
7509	A play room in the car wash is being shown .	where is the play room being shown . ?	wash
7511	There are 4 different people standing on an indoor court , and 3 are holding ends of 2 different jump ropes and 1 person is rope jumping .	how many different people are there standing on an indoor court ?	four
7511	There are 4 different people standing on an indoor court , and 3 are holding ends of 2 different jump ropes and 1 person is rope jumping .	how many person are 3 holding ends of 2 different jump ropes and is rope jumping ?	one
7512	A couple dances in red outfits on a stage for a large audience on a stage lit with colorful lighting .	what is the color of the outfits ?	red
7516	The woman is still painting the panel , but now with a change of clothing .	what is the woman still painting , but now with a change of clothing ?	panel
7517	The woman is still painting the panel , but with yet another change of clothing .	what is the woman still painting , but with yet another change of clothing ?	panel
7524	A scoreboard graphic is shown for all the participating players .	what is shown for all the participating players ?	graphic
7527	A black screen is shown and various white words are shown .	what is shown and various white words are shown ?	screen
7527	A black screen is shown and various white words are shown .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7527	A black screen is shown and various white words are shown .	what is the color of the words ?	white
7529	A shovel rakes along the snow covered ground of a yard .	what rakes along the snow covered ground of a yard ?	shovel
7531	A man pulls up the shovel , and sets it aside .	the man pulls up what , and sets it aside ?	shovel
7532	man is standing in front of a white cloth in a studio doing exercise in an elliptical machine showing the characteristics of the bike .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
7534	A black screen appears and handwritten looking white text appears on the screen and it say 's `` Bart Rollin '' .	what appears and handwritten looking white text appears on the screen and it say 's `` bart rollin '' ?	screen
7534	A black screen appears and handwritten looking white text appears on the screen and it say 's `` Bart Rollin '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7534	A black screen appears and handwritten looking white text appears on the screen and it say 's `` Bart Rollin '' .	what is the color of the text ?	white
7537	A girl sitting int eh driver seat of a car is talking on her phone on speaker .	the girl sitting how many driver seat of a car is talking on her phone on speaker ?	eh
7541	A woman is sitting down in a chair .	where is the woman sitting down . ?	chair
7544	The video begins with a little boy in a motorcycle helmet , in a restaurant .	where does the video begin , . ?	restaurant
7550	Soon the boy and his family load their vehicle to leave .	what does soon the boy and his family load ?	vehicle
7555	He then hangs the decorations all around the tree while looking back and speaking to the camera .	what does he then hang all around the tree ?	decorations
7556	There 's a young man in a red shirt playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
7557	He strums the guitar using his pick and moves his fingers along the chords .	he strums what using his pick and moves his fingers along the chords ?	guitar
7559	A woman in an orange shirt is sitting on an exercise machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
7562	A woman wearing a tan apron is holding a knife and talking .	the woman wearing what is holding a knife and talking ?	apron
7562	A woman wearing a tan apron is holding a knife and talking .	what is the woman wearing a tan apron is holding and talking ?	knife
7563	She then shows an appliance on the table and tilts it upwards .	she then shows what on the table and tilts it upwards ?	appliance
7564	She turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down .	she turns what on the appliance and sets it back down ?	dial
7565	She picks the knife back up and places it on the appliance .	she picks what back up and places it on the appliance ?	knife
7566	She turns the dial again on the appliance .	what does she turn again on the appliance ?	dial
7567	She picks the knife back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times .	she picks what back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times ?	knife
7569	She grabs a second knife and puts it in the appliance .	she grabs what and puts it in the appliance ?	knife
7570	A person grabs a disk from a pile of disks .	what does the person grab from a pile of disks ?	disk
7573	Two men are shown sitting at a table with their arms crossed one another .	how many men are shown sitting at the table with their arms crossed one another ?	two
7576	A man is demonstrating how to make a three egg omelette in his kitchen .	the man is demonstrating how to make how many egg omelette in his kitchen ?	three
7578	He then beats the eggs well and adds some butter into the saucepan .	he then beats what well and adds some butter into the saucepan ?	eggs
7578	He then beats the eggs well and adds some butter into the saucepan .	he then beats the eggs well and adds what into the saucepan ?	butter
7579	He pours the raw egg batter into the pan .	what does he pour into the pan ?	batter
7580	He lifts the pan and moves it around to shuffle the eggs .	he lifts what and moves it around to shuffle the eggs ?	pan
7582	He takes a fork and slides the omelette into a white plate .	he takes a fork and slides what into a white plate ?	omelette
7582	He takes a fork and slides the omelette into a white plate .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
7587	A wall is shown , covered in hanging tools .	what is shown , covered in hanging tools ?	wall
7593	Gymasts are standing in a competition room .	where are gymasts standing . ?	room
7599	Two girls are seen speaking and waving to the camera that lead into them performing several jumps and tricks on a mat .	how many girls are seen speaking and waving to the camera that lead into them performing several jumps and tricks on a mat ?	two
7601	An Asian woman is sitting , then she ride the skateboard and began skating on the empty road .	what is an asian woman sitting , then she ride and began skating on the empty road ?	skateboard
7604	A group of people sitting on elevated bleachers , watch a man on a horse lasso a small black calf in a , dirt covered , indoor , rodeo ring .	what is the color of the calf ?	black
7605	The man emerges into the ring from a floor level door , on a horse , chasing after a small black calf .	what is the color of the calf ?	black
7606	The man simultaneously throws a rope around the calfs neck and dismounts the horse , while the horse is in motion .	the man simultaneously throws what around the calfs neck and dismounts the horse , ?	rope
7606	The man simultaneously throws a rope around the calfs neck and dismounts the horse , while the horse is in motion .	the man simultaneously throws a rope around the calfs neck and dismounts what , ?	horse
7611	Two men are watching on the side as the game continues and another man records on his phone .	how many men are watching on the side as the game continues and another man records on his phone ?	two
7613	The camel begins to move with the help of a handler .	what begins to move with the help of a handler ?	camel
7618	A person is shown vacuuming a large rug with a green vacuum cleaner .	what is the color of the cleaner ?	green
7621	The person then hits a pool ball continuously around the table .	what does the person then hit continuously around the table ?	ball
7622	The man then sinks the last ball and celebrates with a group of people .	the man then sinks what and celebrates with a group of people ?	ball
7623	A man throws a ball onto the sidewalk .	what does the man throw onto the sidewalk ?	ball
7626	A man holding an ice scraper is pushing ice off of his car while the camera zoom in .	the man holding what is pushing ice off of his car while the camera zoom in ?	scraper
7627	The camera shows his hands mutiple times close up gradually pushing piece by piece of ice off .	what shows his hands mutiple times close up gradually pushing piece by piece of ice off ?	camera
7630	She tapes the box , then lays it down gently on the table .	she tapes what , then lays it down gently on the table ?	box
7631	A man is drinking a beer during a game while others look on and smile .	what is the man drinking during a game ?	beer
7632	Several people are watching the match and the man drinking a beer looks at the camera and smiles .	several people are watching the match and the man drinking what looks at the camera and smiles ?	beer
7634	A man holding a saxophone plays and talks to the camera in between .	the man holding what plays and talks to the camera in between ?	saxophone
7635	A man holds the saxophone up to show the bottom .	what does the man hold up ?	saxophone
7639	The screen goes black and we see the end screen .	what goes black and we see the end screen ?	screen
7639	The screen goes black and we see the end screen .	what does the screen go black and we see ?	screen
7640	A group of people re riding stationary bikes in a big gym .	where do the group of people re riding stationary bikes . ?	gym
7641	One man moves a stationary bike .	what does one man move ?	bicycle
7641	One man moves a stationary bike .	how many man moves the stationary bike ?	one
7642	A woman adjusts the top hat she is wearing .	what does the woman adjust ?	hat
7643	A person is using a large armed window washing mechanism to wash the exterior , front , glass window of a sandwich store .	what is the person using ?	window
7644	The man continues to wash all four glass panes one by one using squiggly motions before leaving the window and walking away from the store .	how many glass panes one does the man continue to wash by one using squiggly motions before leaving the window and walking away from the store ?	four
7648	The girl grabs a shovel .	what does the girl grab ?	shovel
7650	The camera pans to the water .	what pans to the water ?	camera
7658	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
7659	We see two ladies dancing in a field .	how many ladies do we see dancing in a field ?	two
7663	We see three ladies on the field .	how many ladies do we see on the field ?	three
7664	We see two ladies dancing .	how many ladies do we see dancing ?	two
7665	We see the closing screens .	what do we see closing ?	screens
7668	The camera captures him from all over playing the piano as well as singing to the camera .	what captures him from all over playing the piano as well as singing to the camera ?	camera
7670	A person puts waxing strips on his leg and pulls off the hair .	the person puts what on his leg and pulls off the hair ?	strips
7671	He puts his shirt over his face .	what does he put over his face ?	shirt
7673	A man in a green shirt is playing tennis while sitting on the ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
7675	The man in the green shirt is talking into a microphone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
7676	A man in a purple shirt then talks into the microphone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
7677	The man in green shirt continues to play tennis .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
7678	Two men are seen performing martial arts moves against one another and leads into a man speaking .	how many men are seen performing martial arts moves against one another and leads into a man speaking ?	two
7682	A man picks up the ball and throws it someone else .	the man picks up what and throws it someone else ?	ball
7685	Two guys play relay soccer , an athlete touches the hands of his opponent and a goalie before he kicks a served ball .	how many guys play relay soccer ?	two
7691	Various cupcakes are shown sitting on a plate and lettering comes up stating how to make them .	what are shown sitting on the plate and lettering comes up stating how to make them ?	cupcakes
7692	Several ingredients are shown and the person mixing the ingredients together in a bowl .	what are shown and the person mixing the ingredients together in a bowl ?	ingredients
7692	Several ingredients are shown and the person mixing the ingredients together in a bowl .	what are several ingredients shown and the person mixing together in a bowl ?	ingredients
7692	Several ingredients are shown and the person mixing the ingredients together in a bowl .	where are several ingredients shown and the person mixing the ingredients . ?	bowl
7693	The person blends all the ingredients and puts them in a pan to cook .	the person blends what and puts them in a pan to cook ?	ingredients
7694	The cupcakes are finally cooked and set out on a plate to enjoy .	what are finally cooked and set out on the plate to enjoy ?	cupcakes
7695	Several pictures are shown of nails close up and leads into a person painting text onto a nail .	what are shown of nails close up and leads into a person painting text onto a nail ?	pictures
7696	The person shows close ups of nail polish and continues painting on the nail .	the person shows close ups of nail polish and continues what on the nail ?	painting
7698	A man sits in a kayak and holds his oar in a river showing how to use it properly .	the man sits in a kayak and holds what in a river showing how to use it properly ?	oar
7700	The kayak rider paddles into the white wash below a water fall and flips over then rights himself again .	what is the color of the wash ?	white
7702	He high fives the audience and throws the ball over the chair and hits all the pins .	he high fives the audience and throws the ball over the chair and hits what ?	pins
7712	Two men then bungee jump off the side of the bridge and are shown swinging up using their legs .	how many men then bungee jump off the side of the bridge and are shown swinging up using their legs ?	two
7713	First there is a screen shown for a small amount of time letting viewers know what this video is about .	what is first there shown for a small amount of time letting viewers know what this video is about ?	screen
7715	In the first one , the horse runs with him on his back and he tries to jump over a wooden obstacle , but fails and there are many more fails .	what does in the first one , run with him on his back and he tries to jump over a wooden obstacle , but fails and there are many more fails ?	horse
7723	The camera walks to the end of the porch .	what walks to the end of the porch ?	camera
7724	The camera turns around while still looking at the porch .	what turns around while still looking at the porch ?	camera
7726	They are building a sand castle .	what are they building ?	castle
7732	Two men are shown cleaning windows on the side of the building .	how many men are shown cleaning windows on the side of the building ?	two
7736	A man is talking in his microphone as some men are playing cricket behind him in the park .	where is the man talking as some men are playing cricket behind him in the park . ?	microphone
7739	A squirrel is sitting on the park bench and enjoying the sunshine as well .	what is sitting on the park bench and enjoying the sunshine as well ?	squirrel
7749	Two people are dressed in all black riding their bicycles down the road .	how many people are dressed in all black riding their bicycles down the road ?	two
7749	Two people are dressed in all black riding their bicycles down the road .	what is the color of the people ?	black
7750	The two boys are then pictured on a split screen against each other putting on their helmets .	how many boys are then pictured on the split screen against each other putting on their helmets ?	two
7751	The two then put on their green biking gloves and get back on the bikes .	what is the color of the gloves ?	green
7753	Once completed , the bikes are walked over and the boys begin to shake each others hand .	what are , walked over and the boys begin to shake each others hand ?	bicycles
7755	People wait in an indoor gym as the instructor walks out .	where do people wait as the instructor walks out . ?	gym
7756	The class starts a stepercize class using black boxes .	the class starts a stepercize class using what ?	boxes
7756	The class starts a stepercize class using black boxes .	what is the color of the boxes ?	black
7758	Two men are seen arm wrestling with one another while holding their arms down to the sides .	how many men are seen arm wrestling with one another while holding their arms down to the sides ?	two
7771	A woman squeezes a lemon .	what does the woman squeeze ?	lemon
7772	She adds sugar to a large pitcher .	what does she add to a large pitcher ?	sugar
7775	Afterwards , she adds more sugar to the pitcher .	what does afterwards , she add to the pitcher ?	sugar
7776	She pours the finished lemonade into a cup .	what does she pour into a cup ?	lemonade
7778	Someone is at the bowling alley on a lane with a red ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
7779	He throws the ball , his foot goes up and the ball rolls to hit the pins .	what does he throw , his foot goes up and the ball rolls to hit the pins ?	ball
7779	He throws the ball , his foot goes up and the ball rolls to hit the pins .	what does he throw the ball , his foot goes up and rolls to hit the pins ?	ball
7782	A man plays the accordion on a stage in front of a music stand while wearing a red suit jacket .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
7783	A man sits on a chair on a stage and plays the accordion in front of a music stands .	the man sits on a chair on a stage and plays what in front of a music stands ?	accordion
7784	Five women are in a room dancing .	how many women are in the room dancing ?	five
7786	They continue dancing together in the room .	where do they continue dancing . ?	room
7787	A woman wearing gloves is in front of a sink .	the woman wearing what is in front of a sink ?	gloves
7789	She then scrubs the sink until it is clean .	what does she then scrub ?	sink
7800	The man adds pomades to his hair .	what does the man add to his hair ?	pomades
7803	A horse runs wild with a trainer chasing after it .	what runs wild with the trainer chasing after it ?	horse
7804	A horse runs after and bucks a bull that charges it with its horns .	what runs after and bucks the bull that charges it with its horns ?	horse
7804	A horse runs after and bucks a bull that charges it with its horns .	the horse runs after and bucks what ?	bull
7805	The horse is let out of the coral by the cowboys .	what is let out of the coral by the cowboys ?	horse
7806	The horses intestines hang from its body from the injury .	what hang from its body from the injury ?	intestines
7807	The horse lies on the ground having a seizure .	what lies on the ground having a seizure ?	horse
7808	A bull chases after a cowboy on a horse carrying a lasso .	what chases after the cowboy on a horse carrying a lasso ?	bull
7811	He rides the motorcycle down the hall and into the elevator .	what did he rid down the hall and into the elevator ?	motorcycle
7812	He exits the building and rides the motorcycle into a casino where he performs several tricks as people watch .	what does he exit the building and rides into a casino where he performs several tricks as people watch ?	motorcycle
7820	The dog pulls the lady down the street .	what pulls the lady down the street ?	dog
7822	The man walks the dog up the stairs and in the driveway .	what does the man walk up the stairs and in the driveway ?	dog
7824	We then see the black closing screen .	what do we then see closing ?	screen
7824	We then see the black closing screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7829	There are some girls getting ready with the curling sticks and prepping the rink to play curling .	there are some girls getting ready with the curling sticks and prepping what ?	rink
7830	Two girls dressed in black gear are playing the game as they go through the rink with their curling sticks pushing the rock .	how many girls dressed in black gear are playing the game as they go through the rink with their curling sticks pushing the rock ?	two
7830	Two girls dressed in black gear are playing the game as they go through the rink with their curling sticks pushing the rock .	what is the color of the gear ?	black
7831	One of the players glides through the floor and pushes the rock to the end of the rink .	one of the players glides through the floor and pushes what to the end of the rink ?	rock
7832	The two players continue playing as they go through the rink and slide the rocks till the end of the line .	how many players continue playing as they go through the rink and slide the rocks till the end of the line ?	two
7833	Two other players wearing pink play the game as they slide the rocks through the rink .	how many other players is wearing pink play the game as they slide the rocks through the rink ?	two
7834	The lady in black is doing a hairstyle tutorial and demonstrating on another woman who is seated next to her .	what is the color of the lady ?	black
7841	She also makes a bun out of the braid to complete the hairstyle .	what does she also make out of the braid to complete the hairstyle ?	bun
7842	She shows the hairspray bottle again that she has used on the model .	what does she show again ?	bottle
7843	A man and woman are standing in a starkly white room .	what is the color of the room ?	white
7843	A man and woman are standing in a starkly white room .	where are the man and woman standing . ?	room
7844	They lay plastic on the ground and fill a tub with white paint .	they lay plastic on the ground and fill what with white paint ?	tub
7844	They lay plastic on the ground and fill a tub with white paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	white
7848	A woman in a bikini is standing in a room .	where is the woman in a bikini standing . ?	room
7850	The hula hoop is seen sitting next to a shirt .	what is seen sitting next to the shirt ?	hoop
7854	She shows off a white shirt , which she sprays with something in a can .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
7856	After she irons the shirt , the screen goes to an advertisement for Expert Village .	what is after she irons the shirt , goes to an advertisement for expert village ?	screen
7857	Two women are at the carwash .	how many women are at the carwash ?	two
7858	A car is covered in soap suds .	what is covered in soap suds ?	car
7867	The young man completes his parallel bar routine .	what does the young man complete ?	routine
7870	A close up of a log is seen and a person swinging an ax up and down .	what is the close up of a log seen and a person swinging up and down ?	ax
7874	One man climbs a wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall .	one man climbs what and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall ?	wall
7874	One man climbs a wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall .	one man climbs a wall and does push ups climb what ?	wall
7874	One man climbs a wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall .	how many man climbs the wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall ?	one
7877	The man brings the recorder to his right nostril .	what does the man bring to his right nostril ?	recorder
7881	the man grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put white tiles .	the man grabs what and spread it in the floor and put white tiles ?	mix
7881	the man grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put white tiles .	the man grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put what ?	tiles
7881	the man grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put white tiles .	what is the color of the tiles ?	white
7884	We see two kids on a camel at a carnival .	how many kids do we see on a camel at a carnival ?	two
7885	The man leads the camel out of the pen as he smokes a cigarette .	what does the man lead out of the pen ?	camel
7886	They pass the petting zoo .	what do they pass ?	zoo
7889	There is one man who 's in the room with two other men and he lifts up a weigh that weighs over 400 pounds .	how many man is there who 's in the room with two other men ?	one
7895	A bull charges them and knocks them to the ground .	what charges them and knocks them to the ground ?	bull
7905	Two men are seen standing on a tennis court holding rackets and speaking to the camera .	how many men are seen standing on the tennis court holding rackets and speaking to the camera ?	two
7911	The boy throws the ball to the other boy and score .	what does the boy throw to the other boy and score ?	ball
7925	A boy in a shop talks to the camera while standing in front of a piece of metal and handling welding tools in preparation to weld .	where does the boy talk to the camera while standing in front of a piece of metal and handling welding tools in preparation to weld . ?	shop
7929	The man uses various tools on the other to shave as well as speaks to the camera .	what does the man use on the other ?	tools
7930	A young lady shows a a beauty cream bottle .	what does the young lady show a ?	bottle
7934	man is riding a horse inside a barn and with a rope catch a bull .	what is man riding inside a barn and with a rope catch a bull ?	horse
7936	A black female is shown in a room with a black scarf around her head .	what is the color of the female ?	black
7936	A black female is shown in a room with a black scarf around her head .	what is the color of the scarf ?	black
7937	Black spots on her faced are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it .	what is the color of the spots ?	black
7939	A police officer is riding a horse down the street very slowly .	what is the police officer riding down the street very slowly ?	horse
7943	A small young boy is outside running across a green field , he then reappears wearing a green helmet and a stick in his hand that is shaped like a paddle .	what is the color of the field ?	green
7943	A small young boy is outside running across a green field , he then reappears wearing a green helmet and a stick in his hand that is shaped like a paddle .	what is the color of the helmet ?	green
7946	A screen says triple jump on it .	what says triple jump on it ?	screen
7950	An athletic man dressed in blue approaches the gymnastic horse and stands there and stares at it for a few seconds .	an athletic man dressed in blue approaches what and stands there and stares at it for a few seconds ?	horse
7953	An American flag is shown on the screen .	what is shown on the screen ?	flag
7954	There 's a man wearing a white colored vest and blue hard hat rowing in a yellow row boat with double sided oar .	what is the color of the vest ?	white
7954	There 's a man wearing a white colored vest and blue hard hat rowing in a yellow row boat with double sided oar .	what is the color of the rowing ?	blue
7954	There 's a man wearing a white colored vest and blue hard hat rowing in a yellow row boat with double sided oar .	what is the color of the boat ?	yellow
7960	a man is sitting in a chair next to the table watching the men while are playing .	where is the man sitting . ?	chair
7961	the men are Accommodating the cups on the table .	what are the men accommodating on the table ?	cups
7967	A black screen appears with white words that read `` SPORT BEZ BARIER CURLING NA WOZKACH '' .	what appears with white words that read `` sport bez barier curling na wozkach '' ?	screen
7967	A black screen appears with white words that read `` SPORT BEZ BARIER CURLING NA WOZKACH '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7967	A black screen appears with white words that read `` SPORT BEZ BARIER CURLING NA WOZKACH '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
7968	An ice cleaner is now riding on an ice rink , and then people on wheelchairs start wheeling onto the rink .	what is now riding on an ice rink , and then people on wheelchairs start wheeling onto the rink ?	cleaner
7970	A white outro screen appears with black letters that include a list of names , websites and logos .	what appears with black letters that include a list of names , websites and logos ?	screen
7970	A white outro screen appears with black letters that include a list of names , websites and logos .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
7970	A white outro screen appears with black letters that include a list of names , websites and logos .	what is the color of the letters ?	black
7977	A girl in a purple blouse sits on a fence post as she is brushing a horse who is tied to the fence .	what is the color of the blouse ?	purple
7977	A girl in a purple blouse sits on a fence post as she is brushing a horse who is tied to the fence .	where does the girl sit on a fence post as she is brushing a horse who is tied to the fence . ?	blouse
7981	The girl in the purple blouse dismounts the horse and stands on the fence post brushes the horses hind quarter .	the girl in the purple blouse dismounts what and stands on the fence post brushes the horses hind quarter ?	horse
7981	The girl in the purple blouse dismounts the horse and stands on the fence post brushes the horses hind quarter .	what is the color of the blouse ?	purple
7982	A woman wearing a red outfit raises her hands and feet , alternating them in a slow and methodical fashion .	what is the color of the outfit ?	red
7985	A black screen with white zooming text of a girls performance on the uneven bars .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7985	A black screen with white zooming text of a girls performance on the uneven bars .	what is the color of the text ?	white
7989	A black screen with white text appears followed by the gymnasts score .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7989	A black screen with white text appears followed by the gymnasts score .	what is the color of the text ?	white
7991	A bar let 's go and the men ride around a long track on the bikes behind one another .	what let 's go and the men ride around a long track on the bikes behind one another ?	bar
7996	The camera pans around the plant when she is finished .	what pans around the plant when she is finished ?	camera
8000	We see the ending title screen with a cat on it .	what do we see with a cat on it ?	screen
8006	A person undoes the machine and then rides on the machine and leads into more people taking pictures of the machine and people riding .	the person undoes what and then rides on the machine and leads into more people taking pictures of the machine and people riding ?	machine
8009	The ladies with flags moved their flags up and down and rotate them as the band plays .	the ladies with flags moved what up and down and rotate them as the band plays ?	flags
8013	Two men start dancing on a stage .	how many men start dancing on the stage ?	two
8030	A group of girls in field hockey outfits walks onto a green field in a line .	what is the color of the field ?	green
8033	The girls are then shown playing field hockey on a large green field interspersed with an interview from the coach .	what is the color of the field ?	green
8035	te man in the room is playing the harmonica .	what is te man in the room playing ?	harmonica
8035	te man in the room is playing the harmonica .	where is te man playing the harmonica . ?	room
8036	the man stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room .	what is the color of the room ?	white
8037	A white BMW 3 series is in a garage being cleaned by two men wearing safety jackets .	how many series is in the garage being cleaned by two men wearing safety jackets ?	three
8037	A white BMW 3 series is in a garage being cleaned by two men wearing safety jackets .	what is the color of the series ?	white
8038	There are two girls wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym .	there are two girls wearing what and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym ?	tops
8038	There are two girls wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym .	how many girls are there wearing sparkly blue tank tops ?	two
8038	There are two girls wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym .	what is the color of the tops ?	blue
8038	There are two girls wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym .	what is the color of the dance ?	black
8038	There are two girls wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym .	where are two girls wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance . ?	gym
8040	Then they fling their sticks in the air and catch it and turn around to face the camera .	then they fling what in the air and catch it and turn around to face the camera ?	sticks
8048	A white car dives by on the street .	what dives by on the street ?	car
8048	A white car dives by on the street .	what is the color of the car ?	white
8049	A person holds a coffee mug in a pool of koi .	what does the person hold in a pool of koi ?	mug
8052	The man throws a ball down the lane and hits several pins .	the man throws what down the lane and hits several pins ?	ball
8052	The man throws a ball down the lane and hits several pins .	the man throws a ball down the lane and hits what ?	pins
8053	He finally walks back up the lane .	what does he finally walk back up ?	lane
8055	The camera zooms in on the machine and the man takes a ski and runs the ski over the machine .	what zooms in on the machine and the man takes a ski and runs the ski over the machine ?	camera
8056	He shows off the ski while continuing to use them on the machine and showing off how they look .	what does he show off ?	ski
8057	man wearing a green shirt is assembling a bicycle on the middle of a living room .	man wearing what is assembling a bicycle on the middle of a living room ?	shirt
8057	man wearing a green shirt is assembling a bicycle on the middle of a living room .	what is man wearing a green shirt is assembling on the middle of a living room ?	bicycle
8057	man wearing a green shirt is assembling a bicycle on the middle of a living room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
8058	another man wearing a blue sweater is helping the other man assembling the bicycles .	another man wearing what is helping the other man assembling the bicycles ?	sweater
8058	another man wearing a blue sweater is helping the other man assembling the bicycles .	what is the color of the sweater ?	blue
8059	men are assembling three bicycles on living room .	what are men assembling on living room ?	bicycles
8059	men are assembling three bicycles on living room .	how many bicycles are men assembling on living room ?	three
8065	Then he grabs the bar and demonstrates like that also .	then he grabs what and demonstrates like that also ?	bar
8070	He then is shown gripping the ball and makes a throw in slow motion .	he then is shown what and makes a throw in slow motion ?	ball
8085	There 's a little girl in a pink shirt and black tights and pink shoes playing hop scotch in a playground .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
8089	A man is seated at a black jack table .	what is the color of the table ?	black
8093	He swings around the bars over and over again while the judges watch and critique .	what does he swing around over and over ?	bars
8095	A man wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a bag in an empty room .	the man wearing boxing what is seen hitting a bag in an empty room ?	gloves
8095	A man wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a bag in an empty room .	where is the man wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a bag . ?	room
8096	He continuously hits the bag over and over again while pausing in between punches to catch his breath .	he continuously hits what over and over ?	bag
8097	Two bikers are riding their motor bikes through rough terrain .	what are two bikers riding through rough terrain ?	bicycles
8097	Two bikers are riding their motor bikes through rough terrain .	how many bikers are riding their motor bikes through rough terrain ?	two
8103	A woman is washing her face in a sink .	where is the woman washing her face . ?	sink
8106	There 's a woman long black hair looking in a mirror and brushing her hair .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
8110	Finally she mixes grenadine with some sweet and sour mix with soda water .	what does finally she mix with some sweet and sour mix with soda water ?	grenadine
8111	Finally she mixes all the components together and creates a nice alcoholic beverage .	finally she mixes all the components together and creates what ?	beverage
8120	After stretching , the woman does four flips .	how many flips is after stretching , the woman does ?	four
8131	We see a man put a bowling ball in a cannon and shoot it across a field .	where do we see a man put a bowling ball and shoot it across a field . ?	cannon
8135	There 's a lady in green sanding the counter giving out tickets to people who are purchasing them for snow tubing .	what is the color of the lady ?	green
8143	men are riding a horse in a barn and throw a rope to catch a bull .	men are riding a horse in a barn and throw what ?	rope
8147	A man is shoveling up some mulch into a wheel barrel .	what is the man shoveling up into a wheel barrel ?	mulch
8148	He brings the wheel barrel over and dumps it in a pile where a woman is using a rake to spread it evenly out .	he brings what over and dumps it in a pile where a woman is using a rake to spread it evenly out ?	barrel
8157	A large off-roading truck drives by along a dirt track next to a body of water and comes to a stop .	what drives by along the dirt track next to a body of water and comes to a stop ?	truck
8161	The tire is replaced and the truck drives off .	what is replaced and the truck drives off ?	tire
8161	The tire is replaced and the truck drives off .	what is the tire replaced and drives off ?	truck
8163	There are three contractors remodeling a house that is torn down for renovation .	there are three contractors remodeling what ?	house
8163	There are three contractors remodeling a house that is torn down for renovation .	how many contractors are there remodeling a house that is torn down for renovation ?	three
8164	One of the contractors is cementing a brick wall .	what is one of the contractors cementing ?	wall
8165	The other contractor is breaking an existing wall in the living room .	where is the other contractor breaking an existing wall . ?	room
8166	The entire house is under renovation with furniture and boxes lying around the house with dust .	what is under renovation with furniture and boxes lying around the house with dust ?	house
8167	kid is sitting in a red room talkin to the camera .	what is the color of the talkin ?	red
8168	the kid grabs a guitar and start playing it and singing .	the kid grabs what and start playing it and singing ?	guitar
8169	kid is playing the guitar and talking to the camera in a small room .	what is kid playing and talking to the camera in a small room ?	guitar
8172	A man bends down and picks up two kettle bells .	the man bends down and picks up what ?	bells
8172	A man bends down and picks up two kettle bells .	the man bends down and picks up how many kettle bells ?	two
8173	He raises and lowers the kettle bells .	what does he raise and lowers ?	bells
8178	A man is wearing a contraption which holds his small son on his back as he hikes in the woods .	what is the man wearing ?	contraption
8180	The boy runs into the yard and his dad puts a helmet on him and helps him skateboard .	what does the boy run into the yard and his dad puts on him and helps him skateboard ?	helmet
8182	We then see the ending screen and switch to the boy sitting on a rock high five his dad and we return to the close screen .	we then see what and switch to the boy sitting on a rock high five his dad and we return to the close screen ?	screen
8186	There 's a teenage boy wearing a black beanie hat skateboarding through the city streets .	there 's a teenage boy wearing what through the city streets ?	skateboarding
8186	There 's a teenage boy wearing a black beanie hat skateboarding through the city streets .	what is the color of the skateboarding ?	black
8187	He skateboards wearing a white shirt while jumping over a small cement wall .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
8189	Then in a green shirt , he skateboards past a school , straight into a basketball court and then jumps over a metal railing .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
8190	Then back in a white shirt , he tries stunts by jumping up to a metal hand rail on his skateboard .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
8194	The camera pans down and the lady begins showing important aspects of the object she is knitting .	what pans down and the lady begins showing important aspects of the object she is knitting ?	camera
8195	When she is done , she grabs the needle , puts the thread in it and finishes knitting .	, she grabs what , puts the thread in it and finishes knitting ?	needle
8203	He uses the surface to rub a knife blade back and forth , sharpening it .	what does he use ?	surface
8204	When he is done , he checks the blade before lying the knife back down .	what does , he check before lying the knife back down ?	blade
8206	The camera pans around the other team playing with the group while others watch on the side .	what pans around the other team playing with the group while others watch on the side ?	camera
8208	The camera follows a small child on skis as he or she maneuvers past a crowd of people .	what follows the small child on skis as he or she maneuvers past a crowd of people ?	camera
8229	He finally makes it to the top of the rock wall and faces the camera .	he finally makes it to the top of the rock wall and faces what ?	camera
8233	A man is playing the hand drums in a living room .	what is the man playing in a living room ?	drums
8233	A man is playing the hand drums in a living room .	where is the man playing the hand drums . ?	room
8238	Boys get out a train and walk in the street holding surfboards .	boys get out what and walk in the street holding surfboards ?	train
8240	A boy put his surfboard on the rives , jump on and surf , then fell , also other boys surf .	the boy put what on the rives , jump on and surf , then fell , also other boys surf ?	surfboard
8247	She makes X patterns across the canvas with the yellow color .	what is the color of the color ?	yellow
8249	Then she draws straight lines across the canvas with an orange color .	what is the color of the color ?	orange
8253	We see a man in a pool playing a game while a man in white stands on the sideline waving his arm .	what is the color of the man ?	white
8254	The ball is thrown and the goalie in front of the net jumps to stop the ball .	what is thrown and the goalie in front of the net jumps to stop the ball ?	ball
8256	An Asian woman with black hair in beige jacket and printed blouse , is talking in front of the camera .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
8257	A young woman is shown sitting down and speaking to the camera white holding a shirt .	what is the color of the camera ?	white
8259	A man is seated in a chair , holding a saxophone .	where is the man seated , holding a saxophone . ?	chair
8261	The screen cuts to black and white text .	what cuts to black and white text ?	screen
8262	We see the green opening screens .	what do we see ?	screens
8262	We see the green opening screens .	what is the color of the screens ?	green
8263	We then see a person shovel snow with a pusher .	what do we then see with a pusher ?	snow
8264	We see an title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
8265	We we a man plowing an ice rink with his shovel .	we we a man plowing what with his shovel ?	rink
8266	We then see the product screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
8267	We see a closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
8276	We then see the close screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
8277	A man wearing a hat is standing outside .	the man wearing what is standing outside ?	hat
8280	There are a bunch of children standing around a table and the main focus is a boy who is cutting stuff on a blue tray .	what is the color of the tray ?	blue
8283	Two people are seen speaking to the camera followed by several drinks laid out .	how many people are seen speaking to the camera followed by several drinks laid out ?	two
8286	A man is throwing a blue frisbee and a dog is chasing after it .	what is the man throwing and a dog is chasing after it ?	frisbee
8286	A man is throwing a blue frisbee and a dog is chasing after it .	what is the man throwing a blue frisbee and is chasing after it ?	dog
8286	A man is throwing a blue frisbee and a dog is chasing after it .	what is the color of the frisbee ?	blue
8287	The dog is jumping over the man kneeling down on the grass .	what is jumping over the man kneeling down on the grass ?	dog
8289	Mountains are seen in the background and a boy rides in a car .	what are seen in the background and a boy rides in a car ?	mountains
8289	Mountains are seen in the background and a boy rides in a car .	where are mountains seen . ?	car
8291	The skateboards ride down a hill the skid at the bottom .	what ride down the hill the skid at the bottom ?	skateboards
8295	A volleyball player hits the ball .	what does the volleyball player hit ?	ball
8296	The player 's teammate also hits the ball .	what does the player 's teammate also hit ?	ball
8298	The players teammate hits the ball .	what does the players teammate hit ?	ball
8300	The ball returns and one of the players hits the ball .	what does the ball returns and one of the players hit ?	ball
8302	The other player hits the ball to the other team .	what does the other player hit to the other team ?	ball
8305	The mat is black and red .	what is black and red ?	mat
8310	A man adjust his camera and captures a close up of his hand and face .	the man adjust what and captures a close up of his hand and face ?	camera
8311	A young child wearing a green shirt is playing some conga percussion instruments .	the young child wearing what is playing some conga percussion instruments ?	shirt
8311	A young child wearing a green shirt is playing some conga percussion instruments .	what is the young child wearing a green shirt is playing percussion ?	instruments
8311	A young child wearing a green shirt is playing some conga percussion instruments .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
8312	An older boy wearing a burgundy shirt moves into the picture behind the child who is playing the Conga 's and begins to dance .	an older boy wearing what into the picture behind the child who is playing the conga 's and begins to dance ?	moves
8314	The young child returns to continue playing the conga 's as a child wearing a blue shirt walks behind the young conga player .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
8320	a young girl in a yellow outfit poses with a baton .	what is the color of the outfit ?	yellow
8333	The screen goes black and a graphic appears on screen showing the company 's logo and youtube channel information .	what goes black and the graphic appears on screen showing the company 's logo and youtube channel information ?	screen
8333	The screen goes black and a graphic appears on screen showing the company 's logo and youtube channel information .	what does the screen go black and appears on screen showing the company 's logo and youtube channel information ?	graphic
8335	He ropes a calf , dragging it to the ground .	what did he rope , ?	calf
8345	Two men are playing racket ball in an indoor court .	how many men are playing racket ball in an indoor court ?	two
8346	The two men , one in black and the other in a red shirt playing racket ball against each other .	what is the color of the men ?	black
8346	The two men , one in black and the other in a red shirt playing racket ball against each other .	what is the color of the playing ?	red
8347	The man in black begins the first serve and the man in the red shirt returns his serve .	what is the color of the man ?	black
8347	The man in black begins the first serve and the man in the red shirt returns his serve .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
8349	Then the same players play racket ball on a different occasion wearing black and the other wearing a yellow shirt .	what do then the same players play on a different occasion wearing black and the other wearing a yellow shirt ?	ball
8349	Then the same players play racket ball on a different occasion wearing black and the other wearing a yellow shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
8351	They play several rounds on the game .	what do they play on the game ?	rounds
8352	They are back again in the red and black shirts playing racket ball .	what are they back again in the red and black shirts playing ?	ball
8353	They run to hit and the ball served by the opponent as they continue to play .	what do they run and served by the opponent as they continue to play ?	ball
8359	35 The man spins the lady making her dress flounce and looks at her chest .	35 the man spins the lady making what and looks at her chest ?	flounce
8361	The man bends the woman forward looking at her chest two times and almost puts his hand on her neck .	the man bends the woman forward looking at her chest how many times and almost puts his hand on her neck ?	two
8362	A black man caresses his beard and face in a loving way .	what is the color of the man ?	black
8363	The black man uses a clipper trimmer to trim his beard and face .	what is the color of the man ?	black
8364	The black man attaches an orange attachment to the clippers and continues trimming his beard .	what is the color of the man ?	black
8364	The black man attaches an orange attachment to the clippers and continues trimming his beard .	what is the color of the attachment ?	orange
8365	The black man washes his face and beard and displays an array of accessories and applies them to his face and beard .	what is the color of the man ?	black
8368	A person wearing a blue shirt is sitting on the floor welding .	the person wearing what is sitting on the floor welding ?	shirt
8368	A person wearing a blue shirt is sitting on the floor welding .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
8369	He is wearing protective gear to cover his face and eyes .	what is he wearing ?	gear
8372	A large piece of machinery is seen sitting in a room .	where is the large piece of machinery seen sitting . ?	room
8374	The robot fails and pulls it 's arm back in .	what fails and pulls it 's arm back in ?	robot
8377	Two women are interviewed on camera sequentially .	how many women are interviewed on camera sequentially ?	two
8380	The man then picks up the handlebars and sticks them back into the bike tightening them with a key .	the man then picks up what and sticks them back into the bike ?	handlebars
8383	We see the title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
8385	The raft turns over and a lady laughs .	what turns over and the lady laughs ?	raft
8386	We see a bus driving on the street .	what do we see driving on the street ?	bus
8387	We see the canyon from afar .	what do we see from afar ?	canyon
8390	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
8395	A truck is seen parked in front of a house with several shots of the house shown .	what is seen parked in front of a house with several shots of the house shown ?	truck
8397	The camera shows the truck parked out front again and the final product of the roof .	what shows the truck parked out front again and the final product of the roof ?	camera
8398	The beach is shown and there are multiple people and tents and the people are watching and cheering on various different surfers who are surfing big and long waves .	what is shown and there are multiple people and tents and the people are watching and cheering on various different surfers who are surfing big and long waves ?	beach
8399	The outro appears and it 's the same black screen with the logo and text as it was for the intro .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
8400	Three girls are sitting on the beach , making a mound with sand and water .	how many girls are sitting on the beach , making a mound with sand and water ?	three
8404	The ball keeps coming toward him and he keeps swinging trying to hit it .	what keeps coming toward him and he keeps swinging trying to hit it ?	ball
8406	The man walks out from his house and opens his car door on a snowy day .	the man walks out from his house and opens what on a snowy day ?	door
8408	The man uses a house broom to sweep snow off of his car .	what does the man use to sweep snow off of his car ?	broom
8409	The dog plays with the owners .	what plays with the owners ?	dog
8420	A woman is laying down on a red towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	red
8421	A man is laying on a green towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	green
8422	Two dogs are next to them on the beach .	what are next to them on the beach ?	dogs
8422	Two dogs are next to them on the beach .	how many dogs are next to them on the beach ?	two
8423	A sailboat sails through rough waters in the ocean .	what sails through rough waters in the ocean ?	sailboat
8426	woman is sitting in studio giving the news .	where is woman sitting giving the news . ?	studio
8437	man is sitting in a music store playing an acoustic guitar and talking to the camera showing the ibanez guitar .	where is man sitting playing an acoustic guitar and talking to the camera showing the ibanez guitar . ?	store
8441	A woman sits in a chair .	where does the woman sit . ?	chair
8446	She plays the instrument while dancing at the same time and ends with her speaking to the camera .	she plays what at the same time and ends with her speaking to the camera ?	dancing
8448	When three men are safely aboard , the crane begins to lift them up in the air slowly .	when how many men are safely aboard , the crane begins to lift them up in the air slowly ?	three
8464	Three people are jumping rope and doing tricks .	what are three people jumping and doing tricks ?	rope
8464	Three people are jumping rope and doing tricks .	how many people are jumping rope and doing tricks ?	three
8466	Four different people are now jumping rope and doing tricks .	what are four different people now jumping and doing tricks ?	rope
8466	Four different people are now jumping rope and doing tricks .	how many different people are now jumping rope and doing tricks ?	four
8467	Another group of three people shows off their jump rope skills .	what does another group of three people show off ?	skills
8468	Another group of three in red shorts jumps rope .	what does another group of three in red shorts jump ?	rope
8468	Another group of three in red shorts jumps rope .	what is the color of the shorts ?	red
8470	A group of four girls jump rope .	what do the group of four girls jump ?	rope
8471	The first group of people jumps rope with a fourth person .	what does the first group of people jump with a fourth person ?	rope
8475	A cowboy in a horse ran towards the field and chase a cattle .	the cowboy in a horse ran towards the field and chase what ?	cattle
8477	A woman demonstrates how to use one container of powdered pigment to make many different hair , nail , and face makeup products .	the woman demonstrates how to use how many container of powdered pigment to make many different hair , nail , and face makeup products ?	one
8479	The camera shows different makeup pieces with accompanying descriptions cards in between cutting back to the woman talking .	what shows different makeup pieces with accompanying descriptions cards in between cutting back to the woman talking ?	camera
8479	The camera shows different makeup pieces with accompanying descriptions cards in between cutting back to the woman talking .	what does the camera show with accompanying descriptions cards in between cutting back to the woman talking ?	pieces
8483	A woman is washing dishes with soap and a scrub in her kitchen sink .	where is the woman washing dishes with soap and a scrub . ?	sink
8485	She places the plates and bowls on top of each other in the sink as she washes them .	she places what and bowls on top of each other in the sink as she washes them ?	plates
8486	A man rides a four wheeler in a field .	how many wheeler does the man rid in a field ?	four
8490	The camera then zooms in on the target .	what then zooms in on the target ?	camera
8491	The website scrolls across the screen again and the man fires three more arrows .	how many more arrows does the man fire ?	three
8492	The screen changes to gray and the man shows the brand of bow is a Bowtech .	what is the color of the changes ?	gray
8493	woman is in studio talking in the news holding a paintball gun and shot a wall .	what is woman in studio talking in the news holding a paintball gun and shot ?	wall
8495	they recharge the guns and are playing in a green backyard paintball practicing shots and wearing masks .	they recharge what and are playing in a green backyard paintball practicing shots and wearing masks ?	guns
8495	they recharge the guns and are playing in a green backyard paintball practicing shots and wearing masks .	what is the color of the paintball ?	green
8502	Some men are playing pool as three boxer dogs watch .	what are some men playing ?	pool
8502	Some men are playing pool as three boxer dogs watch .	some men are playing pool as how many boxer dogs watch ?	three
8503	The boxers stand by the pool table , trying to snap at the balls as they are shot with the cues .	what stand by the pool table , trying to snap at the balls as they are shot with the cues ?	boxers
8507	A group of people play water volleyball in an outdoor pool .	where do the group of people play water volleyball . ?	pool
8509	the camera changes angle and catches the people playing from behind with the net between the people and the camera .	what changes angle and catches the people playing from behind with the net between the people and the camera ?	camera
8509	the camera changes angle and catches the people playing from behind with the net between the people and the camera .	the camera changes what and catches the people playing from behind with the net between the people and the camera ?	angle
8511	The camera continues to follow the people around as they chase the ball and run up and down the field .	what continues to follow the people around as they chase the ball and run up and down the field ?	camera
8516	The camera continues to follow the man as he jumps down the path and captures several others doing the same as well .	what continues to follow the man as he jumps down the path and captures several others doing the same as well ?	camera
8517	A dog is dressed in clothes and a human is behind him only showing his hands .	what is dressed in clothes and a human is behind him only showing his hands ?	dog
8517	A dog is dressed in clothes and a human is behind him only showing his hands .	what is the dog dressed in clothes and is behind him only showing his hands ?	human
8518	As to look like the dog is part human and doing human like stuff .	what is and doing human like stuff ?	human
8519	He is feeding himself breakfast and then wipes his face .	he is feeding himself what and then wipes his face ?	breakfast
8526	A woman sits on her bed and applies makeup to her face .	the woman sits on her bed and applies what to her face ?	makeup
8530	She puts a backpack on and walks out the door .	she puts what on and walks out the door ?	backpack
8530	She puts a backpack on and walks out the door .	she puts a backpack on and walks out what ?	door
8531	A camera pans out a wooden table with a boy with glasses showing it off .	what pans out the wooden table with a boy with glasses showing it off ?	camera
8533	The boy pushes several more pucks and the boy holding the camera walks to the end to show the results .	the boy pushes several more pucks and the boy holding what walks to the end to show the results ?	camera
8538	A man in a white shirt is standing next to parallel bars .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
8543	A man holding his kayak talk to the camera .	what is the man holding to the camera ?	talk
8548	Back in the water passing a waterfall .	back in the water passing what ?	waterfall
8554	Two people are seen speaking to one another and leads into a man standing on the edge and jumping .	how many people are seen speaking to one another and leads into a man standing on the edge and jumping ?	two
8556	A group of people is building sand castles on the beach .	what is the group of people building on the beach ?	castles
8561	We see two roof images side by side .	what do we see side by side ?	images
8561	We see two roof images side by side .	how many roof images do we see side by side ?	two
8565	A man is screwing the roof into place .	what is the man screwing into place ?	roof
8566	We see the finished new roof .	what do we see ?	roof
8567	We see the ending screen credits .	what do we see ?	credits
8572	One man plays ping pong with an orange machine with a red paddle attached to the end of a robotic arm .	what is the color of the machine ?	orange
8572	One man plays ping pong with an orange machine with a red paddle attached to the end of a robotic arm .	what is the color of the paddle ?	red
8573	A man and a child play ping pong across a blue ping pong table as a man appears standing next to an orange automated machine and talks .	what is the color of the man ?	blue
8573	A man and a child play ping pong across a blue ping pong table as a man appears standing next to an orange automated machine and talks .	what is the color of the machine ?	orange
8574	Another man plays ping pong across a blue ping pong table with a white , metal , robot .	what is the color of the metal ?	white
8576	He rakes the entire sheet onto the ground , watching it shatter .	what does he rake onto the ground , ?	sheet
8586	A screen appears with a backdrop of clouds on top and hockey rink at the bottom with the logo in the middle and the words `` HOCKEY SKILLS '' .	what appears with the backdrop of clouds on top and hockey rink at the bottom with the logo in the middle and the words `` hockey skills '' ?	screen
8591	She holds up a cat .	what does she hold up ?	cat
8600	The girl does 2 perfect flips .	how many perfect flips does the girl do ?	two
8611	A dart board is shown against a wall .	what is shown against the wall ?	board
8614	A red car is shown with the words Unique Car Wash. .	what is shown with the words unique car wash. ?	car
8614	A red car is shown with the words Unique Car Wash. .	what is the color of the car ?	red
8618	We see a little girl putting makeup on her face at a toy vanity .	we see a little girl putting what on her face at a toy vanity ?	makeup
8619	She closes the makeup case and opens it back up .	she closes what and opens it back up ?	case
8626	Two men walk in the street holding a box , then they assemble a soccer table .	how many men walk in the street holding a box ?	two
8626	Two men walk in the street holding a box , then they assemble a soccer table .	where do two men walk , then they assemble a soccer table . ?	box
8627	People plays soccer table in the street .	where does people play soccer table . ?	street
8628	After , the men carry the table and enters a train where they continue playing .	after , the men carry the table and enters what ?	train
8632	A man in a black tuxedo is speaking to the camera .	what is the color of the tuxedo ?	black
8632	A man in a black tuxedo is speaking to the camera .	where is the man speaking to the camera . ?	tuxedo
8637	We see the first man , then cards being dealt and we fade to a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
8644	They are riding recumbent bikes while being led .	what are they riding while being led ?	bicycles
8647	Older women the bring hr back and have her hand the stick to another child .	older women the bring hr back and have her hand what to another child ?	stick
8648	A woman is standing up talking and holding a blue mop .	what is the color of the mop ?	blue
8652	A dog is laying down on a bed .	what is laying down on the bed ?	dog
8653	A man in a blue shirt picks up a child .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
8656	The man is jumped to the two white poles and stand on his arms .	what is the color of the poles ?	white
8657	The man in red shirt outside the court is watching the athlete as he swing on the pole .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
8659	Two people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into a ruler being shown and the woman holding a sponge .	how many people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into a ruler being shown and the woman holding a sponge ?	two
8663	A woman is riding a bike down the street , then others are shown as well .	what is the woman riding down the street , then others are shown as well ?	bicycle
8665	The bike is called an elliptico , enabling them to stand and pedal as they ride .	what is called an elliptico , enabling them to stand and pedal as they ride ?	bicycle
8671	Three Hispanic men are laying the foundation of the pool with a cement gun .	how many hispanic men are laying the foundation of the pool with a cement gun ?	three
8679	A welding helmet , clamps , welding kit and gloves are shown in line on a white background .	what is the color of the background ?	white
8688	A man in the sail boat leans back to pull on the sail in the boat .	where does the man lean back to pull on the sail in the boat . ?	boat
8690	A kite is flying in the sky .	what is flying in the sky ?	kite
8696	The man does he last dance move , smiles , takes a few steps and then takes a bow .	the man does , smiles , takes a few steps and then takes what ?	bow
8700	An athlete runs with a stick , then he shoot the javelin and walks away in a stadium .	where does an athlete run with a stick , then he shoot the javelin and walks away . ?	stadium
8704	He sprays the sink with a cleaning agent .	what did he spray with a cleaning agent ?	sink
8706	He turns the water on and sprays the hose around the sink .	he turns the water on and sprays what around the sink ?	hose
8707	He wipes the sink off with a towel .	what does he wipe off with a towel ?	sink
8710	Men hammering roof tiles on a panel of roof inside .	what are men hammering on a panel of roof inside ?	tiles
8711	We see a title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
8713	We see a title screen again .	what do we see again ?	screen
8715	We see two screens with men working on roofs side by side .	what do we see with men working on roofs side by side ?	screens
8715	We see two screens with men working on roofs side by side .	how many screens do we see with men working on roofs side by side ?	two
8720	After , a car exits a car wash .	what did after , exit the car wash ?	car
8721	A crew of people clean a car by hand .	the crew of people clean what by hand ?	car
8722	A tall garage building is shown in the dark and then several teen age boys appear skateboarding in the inside of it .	what is shown in the dark and then several teen age boys appear skateboarding in the inside of it ?	building
8723	After , a black male appears talking in the car and the boys are then shown walking up a set of stairs .	what is the color of the male ?	black
8731	Two men prepare for a fencing match .	how many men prepare for the fencing match ?	two
8734	Two men constantly go back and fourth towards each other .	how many men constantly go back and fourth towards each other ?	two
8750	A girl in a red shirt is playing hopscotch .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
8758	The camera zooms in on her face and shows all the people around the area followed by the cameraman 's feet .	what zooms in on her face and shows all the people around the area followed by the cameraman 's feet ?	camera
8759	This man is wearing a red tank top , black shorts , and shoes .	what is the color of the top ?	red
8759	This man is wearing a red tank top , black shorts , and shoes .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
8761	A camera pans around a city and leads into several clips of people playing in a casino .	what pans around the city and leads into several clips of people playing in a casino ?	camera
8767	A large black dog is walking down the street .	what is walking down the street ?	dog
8767	A large black dog is walking down the street .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
8769	The second dog allows the first to lead him wherever he goes .	what allows the first to lead him wherever he goes ?	dog
8770	One man is seen moving a fooseball table around quickly as possible while another man watches on the side .	how many man is seen moving the fooseball table around quickly as possible while another man watches on the side ?	one
8779	The man puts the lady on his shoulder and flips her two times .	the man puts the lady on his shoulder and flips how many times ?	two
8783	The dances finish and take their bows and shake hands .	the dances finish and take what and shake hands ?	bows
8786	They struggle trying to beat the other when finally the red head wrestler makes the other fall .	what is the color of the wrestler ?	red
8788	A man crouches in a dance studio .	where does the man crouch . ?	studio
8792	a blonde woman is playing with dogs , she is kissing them and giiving them a shower , the woman is holding a scissor and is cutting the dog 's hair .	what is the blonde woman playing with dogs , she is kissing them and , the woman is holding a scissor and is cutting hair ?	dog
8793	blonde woman is with a beatiful white dog in a table a veterinarian 's office .	what is the color of the dog ?	white
8794	the woman is with the black dog and is styling the dog 's hair .	the woman is with the black dog and is styling what hair ?	dog
8794	the woman is with the black dog and is styling the dog 's hair .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
8795	woman shows their diplomas and awards and is with a white puddle combing her hair .	what is the color of the puddle ?	white
8796	woman comb the black dog 's hair and plays with it .	woman comb what hair and plays with it ?	dog
8796	woman comb the black dog 's hair and plays with it .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
8797	woman holds the white dog paw and cut her nails .	woman holds what and cut her nails ?	paw
8797	woman holds the white dog paw and cut her nails .	what is the color of the paw ?	white
8798	woman is with the black dog giving him a shower and styling his hair .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
8799	woman is talking while in the bottom a blonde woman is combing a white puddle .	what is the color of the puddle ?	white
8800	blonde woman holds the white puddle and is talking to the camera giving the web adress to the dog salon white shows how comb and shower the dogs .	what is the color of the puddle ?	white
8800	blonde woman holds the white puddle and is talking to the camera giving the web adress to the dog salon white shows how comb and shower the dogs .	what is the color of the shows ?	white
8804	A camera zooms in on various foods and ingredients as well as a pan on a stove .	what zooms in on various foods and ingredients as well as a pan on a stove ?	camera
8805	A person wearing gloves is seen spreading food onto a plate followed by a large pastry and spreading butter on it .	the person wearing what is seen spreading food onto a plate followed by a large pastry and spreading butter on it ?	gloves
8806	The person continues making layers and then undoes the cake and shows off the solid cake .	the person continues and then undoes what and shows off the solid cake ?	cake
8806	The person continues making layers and then undoes the cake and shows off the solid cake .	the person continues and then undoes the cake and shows off what ?	cake
8807	She takes tape out and then rolls out more dough and spreads it along the cake , showing off the finished result .	she takes tape out and then rolls out what and spreads it along the cake , showing off the finished result ?	dough
8808	A slightly rotund man is shown standing in a kitchen while holding a can of drink .	where is the slightly rotund man shown standing . ?	kitchen
8810	He pours the drink into a glass , and proceeds to drink it alongside a male friend .	he pours what into a glass , and proceeds to drink it alongside a male friend ?	drink
8811	The two men drink the contents of their glasses while they talk .	how many men drink the contents of their glasses while they talk ?	two
8817	After he 's done washing , he uses a white hand towel that is lying next to the sink on the counter .	what does , he use ?	towel
8817	After he 's done washing , he uses a white hand towel that is lying next to the sink on the counter .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
8822	Men ride horses out of a gates and ropes a bull before dismounting and tying their its legs .	men ride what out of a gates and ropes a bull before dismounting and tying their its legs ?	horses
8822	Men ride horses out of a gates and ropes a bull before dismounting and tying their its legs .	men ride horses out of a gates and ropes what before dismounting and tying their its legs ?	bull
8823	The winner waves his hat and is congratulated by the other riders .	the winner waves what and is congratulated by the other riders ?	hat
8826	He collects the hair in the sink .	where does he collect the hair . ?	sink
8827	He puts shaving cream on his face and uses a razor to finish shaving .	he puts and uses what ?	razor
8830	A man runs down two streets in a marathon , in a city setting , as onlookers from the sideline cheer and clap .	how many streets does the man run down in a marathon , in a city setting , as onlookers from the sideline cheer and clap ?	two
8831	A man in black shorts with a number pinned to his chest is running down a city street in a marathon .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
8843	He squats and he lifts the bar .	what does he squat and he lifts ?	bar
8847	one girls swing another around while a man grabs a ball and throws it to another .	how many girls swing another around while a man grabs a ball and throws it to another ?	one
8849	The cat is slapping at the pair of trimmers in her hand .	what is slapping at the pair of trimmers in her hand ?	cat
8851	A person walks up to a vacuum cleaner and picks up the wand .	the person walks up to a vacuum cleaner and picks up what ?	wand
8865	The woman plays the violin as other musicians look on .	what does the woman play ?	violin
8877	A man is running towards the white circle on the ground .	what is the color of the circle ?	white
8880	Two men running towards each other .	how many men is running towards each other ?	two
8882	The green field has audiences on the sides of the field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
8893	He spins around and throws the disk .	he spins around and throws what ?	disk
8896	A man in Sesame Street costume is riding a recumbent bike .	what is the man in sesame street costume riding ?	bicycle
8901	The camera pans around to another group of people sitting in a canoe across from them .	what pans around to another group of people sitting in a canoe across from them ?	camera
8905	She slows her dance down and turns circles .	she slows her dance down and turns what ?	circles
8906	Two men are rappeling up the side of a steep rock cliff .	how many men are rappeling up the side of a steep rock cliff ?	two
8908	A man is seen walking forward and speaking to the camera while two people pull an object behind him .	the man is seen walking forward and speaking to the camera while how many people pull an object behind him ?	two
8911	man carrying a lawn blower is blowing the dust in the sidewalk walking in street .	man carrying what is blowing the dust in the sidewalk walking in street ?	blower
8912	man is cleaning the sidewalk from the dry leaves pouring out the sidewalk .	what is man cleaning from the dry leaves pouring out the sidewalk ?	sidewalk
8913	man is walking in sidewalk watching the man that is carrying the blower .	where is man walking watching the man that is carrying the blower . ?	sidewalk
8914	A man in a red shirt speaks and demonstrates how to throw darts against a dart board while three other people in red shirts watch behind him .	the man in a red shirt speaks and demonstrates how to throw darts against a dart board while how many other people in red shirts watch behind him ?	three
8914	A man in a red shirt speaks and demonstrates how to throw darts against a dart board while three other people in red shirts watch behind him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
8914	A man in a red shirt speaks and demonstrates how to throw darts against a dart board while three other people in red shirts watch behind him .	what is the color of the shirts ?	red
8915	A man in a red shirt faces the camera and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while three men behind him watch .	the man in a red shirt faces what and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while three men behind him watch ?	camera
8915	A man in a red shirt faces the camera and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while three men behind him watch .	the man in a red shirt faces the camera and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while how many men behind him watch ?	three
8915	A man in a red shirt faces the camera and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while three men behind him watch .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
8916	The woman fills the martini glass with ice and water .	what does the woman fill with ice and water ?	glass
8917	The last screen appears with a red background and the website displayed in the middle .	what appears with the red background and the website displayed in the middle ?	screen
8917	The last screen appears with a red background and the website displayed in the middle .	what is the color of the background ?	red
8922	The man ties a rope around a ball and continues having him perform layups on the court .	the man ties what around a ball and continues having him perform layups on the court ?	rope
8923	More clips are shown of them practicing while the man speaks to the camera .	what are shown of them practicing while the man speaks to the camera ?	clips
8925	The girl finishes the performance and lowers her instrument .	the girl finishes the performance and lowers what ?	instrument
8926	Two teams of boys are in a grass field playing a game .	how many teams of boys are in a grass field playing a game ?	two
8928	One of the boys from the red team throws the ball over to the other side .	what does one of the boys from the red team throw over to the other side ?	ball
8928	One of the boys from the red team throws the ball over to the other side .	what is the color of the team ?	red
8929	Then one of the kids int he black uniform comes running back and throws the ball .	what do then one of the kids int he black uniform comes and throws ?	ball
8929	Then one of the kids int he black uniform comes running back and throws the ball .	what is the color of the uniform ?	black
8930	Two men play pingpong using different tricks .	how many men play pingpong using different tricks ?	two
8931	A man shows off a camera box , and the ping pong player uses it .	what does the man show off , and the ping pong player uses it ?	box
8932	The box busts open so the player uses a camera part to play .	what open so the player uses a camera part to play ?	busts
8933	He uses a battery to hit back , and then uses a different tool .	he uses a battery , and then uses what ?	tool
8938	A woman tries to eat ice cream to a child , but the child refuses to eat the ice cream , then the woman eats the ice cream in the spoon .	where does the woman try to eat ice cream to a child , but the child refuses to eat the ice cream , then the woman eats the ice cream . ?	spoon
8947	A digital scoreboard is shown with the score as the yellow and blue team goes on to make more goals .	what is shown with the score as the yellow and blue team goes on to make more goals ?	scoreboard
8951	A lady uses a Shisha pipe while sitting .	what does the lady use while sitting ?	pipe
8953	The bubble pops releasing the smoke .	what pops releasing the smoke ?	bubble
8954	The bubble float away with the smoke still enclosed and falls to the floor .	what float away with the smoke still enclosed and falls to the floor ?	bubble
8955	A camera pans all around a beer pong table as well as people talking and speaking into a microphone .	what pans all around a beer pong table as well as people talking and speaking into a microphone ?	camera
8958	A group of men standing beside each other are all bent forward chugging beer through very long straws .	what is the group of men standing beside each other are all bent forward chugging through very long straws ?	beer
8962	a white house and a backyard full of snow appears a person is cleaning the fron entrance of the house .	what is the color of the house ?	white
8963	a car covered in snow appears and the person is cleaning the snow from the car and its open the road in front of the car .	what covered in snow appears and the person is cleaning the snow from the car and its open the road in front of the car ?	car
8964	a red car appears covered in snow and a person is cleaning the snow .	what appears covered in snow and a person is cleaning the snow ?	car
8964	a red car appears covered in snow and a person is cleaning the snow .	what is the color of the car ?	red
8965	a black car is covered in snow .	what is covered in snow ?	car
8965	a black car is covered in snow .	what is the color of the car ?	black
8966	A man in orange waves then mounts a pommel horse .	what does the man in orange waves then mount ?	horse
8966	A man in orange waves then mounts a pommel horse .	what is the color of the waves ?	orange
8969	The man swings one leg at a time .	how many leg does the man swing at a time ?	one
8972	The end screens are shown and the video ends .	what are shown and the video ends ?	screens
8973	The army grab their paint guns on the table and loaded them with paint balls .	the army grab what on the table and loaded them with paint balls ?	guns
8974	A girl is dressed in a pink and black outfit talking in a room laying on a blue yoga mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
8981	A clear coating is coating is applied onto the nails .	what is coating is applied onto the nails ?	coating
8981	A clear coating is coating is applied onto the nails .	what is the clear coating ?	coating
8982	The tape is removed and the edges are cleaned up with nail polish remover solution .	what is removed and the edges are cleaned up with nail polish remover solution ?	tape
8984	A person enters the gym .	what does the person enter ?	gym
8985	Then someone grabs the rope on the camel to guide the camel to the right place .	what does then someone grab on the camel to guide the camel to the right place ?	rope
8986	Finally the man pulls the camel the man is sitting on while the other 2 camels walk behind the camel in the front .	what does finally the man pull ?	camel
8986	Finally the man pulls the camel the man is sitting on while the other 2 camels walk behind the camel in the front .	finally the man pulls the camel the man is sitting on while how many camels walk behind the camel in the front ?	two
8987	A man picks up a bowling ball and throws it down the lane at some pins .	the man picks up bowling what and throws it down the lane at some pins ?	ball
9002	Several kids are driving bumper cars in a group at a fair .	what are several kids driving in a group at a fair ?	cars
9010	A man shoots a bow behind a pile of sticks .	what does the man shoot behind a pile of sticks ?	bow
9013	There are people in a garage standing around a long wooden table that has a lot of red solo cups on it .	what is the color of the cups ?	red
9014	They all start throwing ping pong balls in attempt to get them to land in a red solo cup .	what is the color of the cup ?	red
9014	They all start throwing ping pong balls in attempt to get them to land in a red solo cup .	where do they all start throwing ping pong balls in attempt to get them to land . ?	cup
9018	The camera pans back to the man being interviewed and ends with the host having one final word to the camera .	what pans back to the man being interviewed and ends with the host having one final word to the camera ?	camera
9019	Two woman are outdoors outside of a building and are playing hopscotch on cemented ground .	how many woman are outdoors outside of a building and are playing hopscotch on cemented ground ?	two
9020	There is white text on the screen .	what is the color of the text ?	white
9027	Several pictures are then shown in the end of the sandwich all ready and people enjoying the sandwich .	what are then shown in the end of the sandwich all ready and people enjoying the sandwich ?	pictures
9035	Two sumo wrestlers are shown on a set with hundreds of people watching in the back taking pictures .	how many sumo wrestlers are shown on the set with hundreds of people watching in the back taking pictures ?	two
9037	Two people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into the man peel a pear and scoping out the sides .	how many people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into the man peel a pear and scoping out the sides ?	two
9038	The man then cuts the fruit and presents it onto a plate while still speaking to the camera .	the man then cuts what and presents it onto a plate while still speaking to the camera ?	fruit
9040	The camera pans over to the boy 's leg showing one of his friends shaving the hair off his leg with an electric razor .	what pans over to the boy 's leg showing one of his friends shaving the hair off his leg with an electric razor ?	camera
9041	People are standing on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
9045	A man opens the door and tries to jump over the snow that is in the way .	the man opens what and tries to jump over the snow that is in the way ?	door
9052	A bus sits in front of the rafting facility and men stack rafts as other men walk with their rafts .	what sits in front of the rafting facility and men stack rafts as other men walk with their rafts ?	bus
9055	The lady then jet skis .	what does the lady then jet ?	skis
9057	The boat turns and we no longer see land in the background .	what turns and we no longer see land in the background ?	boat
9058	The lady falls off the ski .	what does the lady fall off ?	ski
9060	At the fair the bumper cars are being used .	what are at the fair being used ?	cars
9066	The woman puts a blind fold on .	what does the woman put on ?	fold
9083	The wall is cleaned with a wet towel using the solution in the pot .	what is cleaned with the wet towel using the solution in the pot ?	wall
9086	The man rocks back and fourth to the song and interments between pictures of a band and himself playing .	what back and fourth to the song and interments between pictures of a band and himself playing ?	rocks
9090	Three wrestlers were in the ring and crowd iswatching intently .	how many wrestlers were in the ring and crowd iswatching intently ?	three
9091	One wrestler named , East of Angeles , back away and climb the ladder .	what did one wrestler name , east of angeles , back away and climb ?	ladder
9091	One wrestler named , East of Angeles , back away and climb the ladder .	how many wrestler named ?	one
9094	TandumisGreat climb on the back of East of Angeles and they both fall off the ladder , knocking East of Angeles .	what do tandumisgreat climb on the back of east of angeles and they both fall off , ?	ladder
9095	TandumISGReat climbs once again on the top of the ladder and holds the hanging money bank .	tandumisgreat climbs once again on the top of the ladder and holds what ?	bank
9100	We see an animated opening sequence .	what do we see ?	sequence
9109	People are throwing balls into plastic cups .	what are people throwing into plastic cups ?	balls
9110	A hand knocks over a red plastic cup and wastes the liquid inside .	the hand knocks over what and wastes the liquid inside ?	cup
9110	A hand knocks over a red plastic cup and wastes the liquid inside .	what is the color of the cup ?	red
9112	A plastic cup has a white suspension inside .	what is the color of the suspension ?	white
9115	A counter is shown with beer cans on it .	what is shown with beer cans on it ?	counter
9116	A man is in a bathroom , using a toilet .	where is the man , using a toilet . ?	bathroom
9118	The skier adjusts the rope with his red and black skis extending in front of him over the water as he prepares to ski .	what does the skier adjust with his red and black skis extending in front of him over the water as he prepares to ski ?	rope
9119	The boat pulls him off the dock and into the water as he rests upright , his skis out in front of him .	what pulls him off the dock and into the water as he rests upright , his skis out in front of him ?	boat
9122	The boat turns towards the land with large buildings coming into view , and slowly he is taken back to the dock .	what turns towards the land with large buildings coming into view , and slowly he is taken back to the dock ?	boat
9125	A cat is laying on its back on the couch .	what is laying on its back on the couch ?	cat
9126	A person picks up the cat and lays it on their lap .	the person picks up what and lays it on their lap ?	cat
9130	In the end the camera shows several shots of the boat and people moving away on a smaller boat .	what does in the end show several shots of the boat and people moving away on a smaller boat ?	camera
9131	A group of kids are seen practicing various cheer leading moves in a gym as well as woman speaking to the camera .	where are the group of kids seen practicing various cheer leading moves as well as woman speaking to the camera . ?	gym
9135	A backyard is shown as a man sitting on an electric lawn mower begins to cut the grass .	what is shown as the man sitting on an electric lawn mower begins to cut the grass ?	backyard
9138	A bull comes out of the gate at a rodeo and man in the ring jumps on then off his back .	what comes out of the gate at a rodeo and man in the ring jumps on then off his back ?	bull
9141	The man drops his hat in the ring .	what does the man drop in the ring ?	hat
9143	Another man opens the gate and calls to the bull to enter the pin .	another man opens what and calls to the bull to enter the pin ?	gate
9146	The camera pans left to show others .	what left to show others ?	pans
9147	The camera pans right and we see others .	what pans right and we see others ?	camera
9149	The camera pans down to the ground .	what pans down to the ground ?	camera
9151	A dog jumps in some sand dirt and is so happy about it .	what jumps in some sand dirt and is so happy about it ?	dog
9155	Two teams of young girls are playing field hockey .	how many teams of young girls are playing field hockey ?	two
9158	The goalie kicks the ball away from the net .	what does the goalie kick away from the net ?	ball
9162	He uses a ruler to show more detailed and then moves the mower to the sidewalk to talk some more .	he uses a ruler and then moves what to the sidewalk ?	mower
9165	A tool is being shown by a man holding it .	what is being shown by the man holding it ?	tool
9167	A person with a white mask and a sheet over his head walks back from the camera and grabs a pumpkin .	the person with a white mask and a sheet over his head walks back from the camera and grabs what ?	pumpkin
9167	A person with a white mask and a sheet over his head walks back from the camera and grabs a pumpkin .	what is the color of the mask ?	white
9177	A large boat is shown sailing through ocean water .	what is shown sailing through ocean water ?	boat
9180	A pinata is hanging from a tree , and a woman brings a girl with a stick over to it .	what is hanging from the tree , and a woman brings a girl with a stick over to it ?	pinata
9182	An intro screen appears that include a logo and the words `` Expert Village Presents '' .	what appears that include the logo and the words `` expert village presents '' ?	screen
9184	The woman then puts the clarinet to her mouth and begins playing for a few seconds .	the woman then puts what to her mouth and begins playing for a few seconds ?	clarinet
9187	The woman begins playing once more until the outro of a white screen appears and it include a logo , and information for : copyright , rights and website .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
9191	A man in gray long sleeves talks in a stage of Ultimate Guinness World Records .	what is the color of the sleeves ?	gray
9193	Two players play table tennis and continue playing for a minute and record 173 hits .	how many players play table tennis and continue playing for a minute and record 173 hits ?	two
9208	The lady sat at the center of the studio with her wet hair , she put a white cream on her hand then rub it on her hair .	what is the color of the cream ?	white
9213	A male toddler is sitting on the floor near a female toddler and they are playing miniature floor foosball .	what is the male toddler sitting on the floor near a female toddler and they are playing ?	floor
9216	Once they are removed , the two kids continue playing the game and moving the handles on the bars .	how many kids are once they removed , continue playing the game and moving the handles on the bars ?	two
9217	The camera then zooms in on the boy and then the girl expressing their emotions .	what then zooms in on the boy and then the girl expressing their emotions ?	camera
9219	A goal is finally made and the girl goes into the goal and picks the ball out .	what is the goal finally made and the girl goes into the goal and picks out ?	ball
9222	Two surfers surf close to each other and are knocked down by a wave .	how many surfers surf close to each other and are knocked down by a wave ?	two
9228	She picks up a toy curler and sets it down on the desk in front of her .	she picks up what and sets it down on the desk in front of her ?	curler
9229	Two people are skiing , holding a rope .	how many people are skiing , holding the rope ?	two
9236	The boy in green swings out again and flips over the skier giving him a high five .	what is the color of the swings ?	green
9237	The two skiers have a conversation while riding .	how many skiers have the conversation while riding ?	two
9246	A rider falls off his bike and a trailing bike hits him and knocks him back to the ground .	what does the rider fall off and a trailing bike hits him and knocks him back to the ground ?	bicycle
9246	A rider falls off his bike and a trailing bike hits him and knocks him back to the ground .	what does the rider fall off his bike and hits him and knocks him back to the ground ?	bicycle
9250	The diver hitting the pool causes a small splash .	the diver hitting what causes a small splash ?	pool
9252	A car is driving down a road with passengers .	what is driving down the road with passengers ?	car
9258	She pulls out a pink sweater to iron .	what does she pull out to iron ?	sweater
9259	She irons the pink sweater .	what does she iron ?	sweater
9268	A camera pans around a large gymnasium and leads into two performers walking to the middle of the stage .	what pans around the large gymnasium and leads into two performers walking to the middle of the stage ?	camera
9273	Clips are shown of him warming up on the side and running up along mountainsides .	what are shown of him warming up on the side and running up along mountainsides ?	clips
9280	She removes the cooked pasta off of the gas and pours it into a plate .	she removes what off of the gas and pours it into a plate ?	pasta
9282	She chops fresh basil with a pair of scissors and garnishes it over the pasta along with some cheese Then she shows an Alfredo sauce recipe .	she chops what with a pair of scissors and garnishes it over the pasta along with some cheese then she shows an alfredo sauce recipe ?	basil
9282	She chops fresh basil with a pair of scissors and garnishes it over the pasta along with some cheese Then she shows an Alfredo sauce recipe .	she chops fresh basil with a pair of scissors and garnishes it over the pasta along with some cheese then she shows what ?	recipe
9285	They mix around the ingredients , put the mug in the microwave , and take it out in the end showing off the cake .	they mix around what , put the mug in the microwave , and take it out in the end showing off the cake ?	ingredients
9286	A large multilayer red velvet cake is shown , along with the multitude of ingredients .	what is shown , along with the multitude of ingredients ?	cake
9286	A large multilayer red velvet cake is shown , along with the multitude of ingredients .	what is the color of the cake ?	red
9292	There are two women dressed in black and blue tank tops demonstrating how to use the hula hoop .	how many women are there dressed in black and blue tank tops demonstrating how to use the hula hoop ?	two
9295	The woman in the blue tank top shows how to hula hoop in fast motion .	what is the color of the top ?	blue
9299	The men are taking turns chopping a log in two .	what are the men taking ?	turns
9303	The man does shoulder dips on the set of parallel bars .	what does the man do on the set of parallel bars ?	dips
9310	We see a tree trunk and leaves falling .	we see what and leaves falling ?	trunk
9314	A young woman then appears in a grassy field and play with her dog and throwing a red Frisbee to him .	the young woman then appears in a grassy field and play with her dog and throwing what to him ?	frisbee
9314	A young woman then appears in a grassy field and play with her dog and throwing a red Frisbee to him .	what is the color of the frisbee ?	red
9320	The dog runs to the right and out of the path .	what runs to the right and out of the path ?	dog
9321	The dog runs back and fort in front of the leaf blower .	what runs back and fort in front of the leaf blower ?	dog
9327	A man wearing a ghost shirt is playing a game of beer pong .	the man wearing what is playing a game of beer pong ?	shirt
9328	He lines up four cups , throwing the balls into the cups .	what are he lines up four cups , throwing into the cups ?	balls
9328	He lines up four cups , throwing the balls into the cups .	how many cups are he lines up , throwing the balls into the cups ?	four
9332	A tall building is shown with a tower .	what is shown with the tower ?	building
9334	A woman wraps several Christmas gifts .	what does the woman wrap ?	gifts
9335	A woman smiles and cuts a wrapping paper with a scissor .	what does the woman smile and cuts with a scissor ?	paper
9336	The woman places a teddy bear in a bowl .	where does the woman place a teddy bear . ?	bowl
9337	A woman puts two crystal presents in a white and pink box .	how many crystal presents does the woman put in a white and pink box ?	two
9337	A woman puts two crystal presents in a white and pink box .	where does the woman put two crystal presents . ?	box
9338	A woman holds up a covered gift wrapped in silver wrapping paper .	what does the woman hold up wrapped in silver wrapping paper ?	gift
9339	A woman places a jewelry box in a box .	where does the woman place a jewelry box . ?	box
9340	The woman presents a gold bowl .	what does the woman present ?	bowl
9344	There 's a man wearing a white graphic shirt , sitting with bongo drums drumming a beat on the drums .	there 's a man wearing what , sitting with bongo drums drumming a beat on the drums ?	shirt
9344	There 's a man wearing a white graphic shirt , sitting with bongo drums drumming a beat on the drums .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
9345	He is wearing headphones as he drums a beat on the drums .	what is he wearing ?	headphones
9353	The man in black shirt and blue jeans is rolling an old red carpet and vacuum the floor .	what is the color of the carpet ?	red
9355	The camera shows several different people stretching and warming up followed by two people falling over and standing up .	what shows several different people stretching and warming up followed by two people falling over and standing up ?	camera
9356	Several clips are shown of snow boarders doing tricks on a mountain as well as jumps and grinds .	what are shown of snow boarders doing tricks on a mountain as well as jumps and grinds ?	clips
9361	A man in a red jacket is talking on a hockey rink .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
9365	motorbikes are riding bikes doing motocross in a field inside a dome .	what are riding bikes doing motocross in a field inside a dome ?	motorcycles
9365	motorbikes are riding bikes doing motocross in a field inside a dome .	what are motorbikes riding ?	bicycles
9367	A man stands next to a pile of wood holding tools on his shoulders .	what does the man stand on his shoulders ?	tools
9368	The man uses a large ax to chop logs standing upright in a grassy forested area area .	what does the man use ?	ax
9369	Two men are playing ping pong together , one guy is wearing a black suit , the guy in the black suit has a unique style .	what are two men playing ping pong together , one guy is wearing , the guy in the black suit has a unique style ?	suit
9369	Two men are playing ping pong together , one guy is wearing a black suit , the guy in the black suit has a unique style .	how many men are playing ping pong together ?	two
9369	Two men are playing ping pong together , one guy is wearing a black suit , the guy in the black suit has a unique style .	how many guy is wearing the black suit ?	one
9369	Two men are playing ping pong together , one guy is wearing a black suit , the guy in the black suit has a unique style .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
9369	Two men are playing ping pong together , one guy is wearing a black suit , the guy in the black suit has a unique style .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
9370	The man in the black suit spikes the ping pong ball and celebrates .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
9371	The camera scene switches to show the players from another perspective , the player in the black suit makes another spike on the ball .	what switches to show the players from another perspective , the player in the black suit makes another spike on the ball ?	scene
9371	The camera scene switches to show the players from another perspective , the player in the black suit makes another spike on the ball .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
9372	Now two players proceed to play the player in the black suit at once , he spiked the ball on both players .	how many players do now proceed to play the player in the black suit at once ?	two
9372	Now two players proceed to play the player in the black suit at once , he spiked the ball on both players .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
9375	Two people front to front push discs on the floor with a stick in a gym .	two people front to front push what on the floor with a stick in a gym ?	discs
9375	Two people front to front push discs on the floor with a stick in a gym .	how many people front to front push discs on the floor with a stick in a gym ?	two
9377	Two men are standing on a field behind a row of houses .	how many men are standing on the field behind a row of houses ?	two
9378	One swings a bat and runs onto the field , chasing a ball .	one swings what and runs onto the field , chasing a ball ?	bat
9379	The ball is thrown back to the batter , and he continues the game of cricket with his team mates .	what is thrown back to the batter , and he continues the game of cricket with his team mates ?	ball
9382	Then a clip is shown of a little boy who puts a ball shaped like an eyeball on a foosball table .	what is then shown of the little boy who puts a ball shaped like an eyeball on a foosball table ?	clip
9384	Then , a clip is shown of two boys playing with the foosball table , one of whom is reading a magazine while playing .	what is then , shown of two boys playing with the foosball table , one of whom is reading a magazine while playing ?	clip
9385	Several additional clips appear showing the boys playing foosball in different ways .	what appear showing the boys playing foosball in different ways ?	clips
9394	A young boy bounces a dodge ball .	what does the young boy bounce ?	ball
9396	A young boy aims a dodge ball at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws the ball hitting one of them .	the young boy aims what at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws the ball hitting one of them ?	ball
9396	A young boy aims a dodge ball at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws the ball hitting one of them .	the young boy aims a dodge ball at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws what hitting one of them ?	ball
9398	Another older boy in blue throws a dodge ball .	what does another older boy in blue throw ?	ball
9399	A little boy runs to the line holding two balls and throws one of them .	the little boy runs to the line holding how many balls and throws one of them ?	two
9400	A boy in blue throws a ball while a boy behind him runs .	what does the boy in blue throw ?	ball
9401	A boy in pink throws a ball .	what does the boy in pink throw ?	ball
9402	A young boy in white dips down and a ball flies over his head .	what is the color of the dips ?	white
9403	A boy in pink and then a girl in pink throw a ball .	what do the boy in pink and then a girl in pink throw ?	ball
9404	several kids in white celebrate .	what is the color of the kids ?	white
9406	The white team plays and a very young player throws the ball .	what does the white team plays and a very young player throw ?	ball
9406	The white team plays and a very young player throws the ball .	what is the color of the plays ?	white
9407	A boy in green throws the ball and the blue team runs to throw several balls back .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
9408	Another boy and girl run and throw a ball at the same time .	another boy and girl run and throw what at the same time ?	ball
9409	A boy in white throws a ball .	what does the boy in white throw ?	ball
9409	A boy in white throws a ball .	what is the color of the boy ?	white
9411	The adults play do0dge ball .	what do the adults play ?	ball
9423	Several bikes are in a shop lined up .	what are in the shop lined up ?	bicycles
9425	A man opens the box and removes the bike , He shows the pieces to the camera .	the man opens what and removes the bike , he shows the pieces to the camera ?	box
9425	A man opens the box and removes the bike , He shows the pieces to the camera .	the man opens the box and removes what , he shows the pieces to the camera ?	bicycle
9428	The woman sprays hairspray on a scuff mark on the shoe and takes a cotton tip and rubs the scuff mark out .	the woman sprays hairspray on a scuff mark on the shoe and takes a cotton tip and rubs what out ?	mark
9429	The scuff mark is gone and she talks to the camera .	what is gone and she talks to the camera ?	mark
9431	A group of men are standing a field and a man rolls a red ball to the other team and it is kicked out .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
9433	Now two more teams approach and the captains play Rock , Paper , Scissor to determine who will start the game .	how many more teams do now approach ?	two
9438	A woman holding a doll undoes curlers from the dolls hair .	what is the woman holding a doll undoes from the dolls hair ?	curlers
9443	The man pours three liquors into a glass and shakes it up .	the man pours what into a glass and shakes it up ?	liquors
9443	The man pours three liquors into a glass and shakes it up .	the man pours how many liquors into a glass and shakes it up ?	three
9445	The man squeezes a lemon , stirs in the glass and transfers it to a smaller glass .	the man squeezes what , stirs in the glass and transfers it to a smaller glass ?	lemon
9448	The man then wets the sander and uses it along a set of skis .	the man then wets what and uses it along a set of skis ?	sander
9450	News anchors introduce a clip sitting at a desk in a newsroom .	what introduce the clip sitting at a desk in a newsroom ?	anchors
9450	News anchors introduce a clip sitting at a desk in a newsroom .	news anchors introduce what sitting at a desk in a newsroom ?	clip
9454	A circle of green grass is shown with a trail of rocks surrounding it , a brick wall , and some trees .	what is the color of the grass ?	green
9457	Two people are demonstrating Tai Chi .	how many people are demonstrating tai chi ?	two
9459	The instructors wearing blue robes are showing the basic moves used in Tai Chi .	the instructors wearing what are showing the basic moves used in tai chi ?	robes
9459	The instructors wearing blue robes are showing the basic moves used in Tai Chi .	what is the color of the robes ?	blue
9467	The man put dish soap on a dish and scrub it while rinsing with water .	the man put what on a dish and scrub it while rinsing with water ?	soap
9469	The two bulls run into each other and they bump heads fighting until they knock each other down .	what run into each other and they bump heads fighting until they knock each other down ?	bulls
9469	The two bulls run into each other and they bump heads fighting until they knock each other down .	how many bulls run into each other ?	two
9470	Then the people run over to them and some are holding rope , while one checks on it 's bloody head .	what do then the people run over to them and some are , ?	rope
9470	Then the people run over to them and some are holding rope , while one checks on it 's bloody head .	some are holding rope , while how many checks on it 's bloody head ?	one
9471	Two men are arm wrestling on a table .	how many men are arm wrestling on a table ?	two
9472	The door opens and another man comes in and arm wrestles .	what opens and another man comes in and arm wrestles ?	door
9473	They start fighting in the room .	where do they start fighting . ?	room
9476	The man is playing a keyboard , while the other man is playing the drum .	what is the man playing , ?	keyboard
9488	A White plastering tool is shown with a brown wooden handle on it .	what is plastering shown with a brown wooden handle on it ?	tool
9488	A White plastering tool is shown with a brown wooden handle on it .	what is the color of the handle ?	brown
9494	A A man in red steps onto a log and receives an ax by a referee .	a a man in red steps onto a log and receives what by a referee ?	ax
9494	A A man in red steps onto a log and receives an ax by a referee .	what is the color of the steps ?	red
9498	Two professional bikers are biking at the Peckham BMX Club .	how many professional bikers are biking at the peckham bmx club ?	two
9501	There are five bikers wearing helmets standing ready to start a race .	there are five bikers wearing what ?	helmets
9501	There are five bikers wearing helmets standing ready to start a race .	how many bikers are there wearing helmets standing ready to start a race ?	five
9503	Two more batches of racers start the same race .	how many more batches of racers start the same race ?	two
9505	A person perform wake board holding a ski water rope .	the person perform wake board holding what ?	rope
9511	The man and woman begin to play tennis in a closed gym room by hitting the tennis ball against a wall with their tennis racket .	where do the man and woman begin to play tennis by hitting the tennis ball against a wall with their tennis racket . ?	room
9518	he is holding a yellow lacrosse stick .	what is he holding lacrosse ?	stick
9518	he is holding a yellow lacrosse stick .	what is the color of the stick ?	yellow
9520	He picks up the yellow ball and throws it across to his father .	he picks up what and throws it across to his father ?	ball
9520	He picks up the yellow ball and throws it across to his father .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
9525	The bikers jump off a hill , but one of the bikers , dressed in red and black , tumbles to the ground .	what do the bikers jump off , but one of the bikers , dressed in red and black , tumbles to the ground ?	hill
9529	Three men dressed in black jackets come to the aid of the first biker .	how many men dressed in black jackets come to the aid of the first biker ?	three
9529	Three men dressed in black jackets come to the aid of the first biker .	what is the color of the jackets ?	black
9544	After , the young man gets off the pool .	what does after , the young man get off ?	pool
9545	There is a facility open just for beer pong games so people can come play .	what is there open just for beer pong games so people can come play ?	facility
9549	A group of women are gathered in an indoor gym .	where are the group of women gathered . ?	gym
9553	A woman is cutting the top off of a pumpkin and raking the seeds into a bowl .	what is the woman cutting the top off of a pumpkin and raking into a bowl ?	seeds
9556	Finally she places the top back in place , and puts a candle inside .	finally she places the top back in place , and puts what inside ?	candle
9559	A closeup back to Michele Obama 's face where she looks like she is getting quite the workout , making a smirk on her face .	what back to michele obama 's face where she looks like she is getting quite the workout , making a smirk on her face ?	closeup
9560	The camera angles down to just the two women 's hips with the hula hoops as in the beginning and back up to mostly just seeing Michele 's face .	what down to just the two women 's hips with the hula hoops as in the beginning and back up to mostly just seeing michele 's face ?	angles
9568	He finishes the cube and takes off the headpiece in the end .	he finishes what and takes off the headpiece in the end ?	cube
9571	Two young guys stand together and hold up money .	two young guys stand together and hold up what ?	money
9571	Two young guys stand together and hold up money .	how many young guys stand together and hold up money ?	two
9576	The man wins and both contestants are given prize money .	what does the man win and both contestants are given ?	money
9581	Two men are on a padded surface , fighting .	how many men are on the padded surface , fighting ?	two
9588	Two people are shown reacting to the incident .	how many people are shown reacting to the incident ?	two
9595	the guy knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps .	the guy knock what down six time out of all his jumps ?	pole
9596	Players are pulling the rope in a tug of war match .	what are players pulling in a tug of war match ?	rope
9601	A group of men in swim trunks and bikini briefs play volleyball in the sand at the beach in front of a tall green volley ball net .	what is the color of the net ?	green
9603	One man is lying on the sand and then gets up to play more volleyball .	how many man is lying on the sand and then gets up to play more volleyball ?	one
9608	Another woman appears and they wrap the ball in wrapping paper .	what does another woman appear and they wrap in wrapping paper ?	ball
9620	A still shot picture of a man appears while a lot of white words go scrolling from the bottom to the top .	what is the color of the words ?	white
9621	A screen quickly appears and it has white text that say `` please subscribe to this youtube channel '' .	what quickly appears and it has white text that say `` please subscribe to this youtube channel '' ?	screen
9621	A screen quickly appears and it has white text that say `` please subscribe to this youtube channel '' .	what is the color of the text ?	white
9627	The three bumper cars break away and begin to drive in different directions as they continue to bump into one another .	what break away and begin to drive in different directions as they continue to bump into one another ?	cars
9627	The three bumper cars break away and begin to drive in different directions as they continue to bump into one another .	how many bumper cars break away and begin to drive in different directions as they continue to bump into one another ?	three
9628	Two girls in a bumper car bump into a wall and briefliy have a hard time getting back to moving .	how many girls in a bumper car bump into a wall and briefliy have a hard time getting back to moving ?	two
9629	People are constantly driving their bumper cars and bumping into things until the ride is over .	what are people constantly driving and bumping into things until the ride is over ?	cars
9630	There 's a man wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa .	there 's a man wearing what and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa ?	shirt
9630	There 's a man wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa .	what does there 's a man wearing a black shirt and demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa ?	bandana
9630	There 's a man wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa .	what does there 's a man wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint ?	sofa
9630	There 's a man wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
9630	There 's a man wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa .	what is the color of the bandana ?	green
9631	He is using a red can of spray paint to demonstrate how to paints a cream colored sofa with red paint .	what is the color of the can ?	red
9631	He is using a red can of spray paint to demonstrate how to paints a cream colored sofa with red paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	red
9633	He then places one unpainted of the seat cushions back on the sofa .	he then places how many unpainted of the seat cushions back on the sofa ?	one
9635	Dogs are seen being scrubbed , nails clipped , and brushed down with combs by several people and another woman showing off the collars they have in store .	what are seen being scrubbed , nails clipped , and brushed down with combs by several people and another woman showing off the collars they have in store ?	dogs
9637	A bike is pulled up to a stop in a park .	what is pulled up to the stop in a park ?	bicycle
9641	The man reattaches the bicycle wheel to the frame of the bike .	what does the man reattaches to the frame of the bike ?	wheel
9642	The sun goes down as the day gets later .	what goes down as the day gets later ?	sun
9643	The man stands up his bike and gets ready to depart .	the man stands up what and gets ready to depart ?	bicycle
9650	We see a gym with teenagers shooting basketball .	what do we see with teenagers shooting basketball ?	gym
9651	We see a title card on black .	what is the color of the card ?	black
9652	A man is shooting basketball in a gym .	where is the man shooting basketball . ?	gym
9654	We see the ending title card on black .	what is the color of the card ?	black
9655	Two people are seen riding down a road with a dog .	how many people are seen riding down the road with a dog ?	two
9656	One person is riding a bike and the other a skateboard while the camera follows close behind .	how many person is riding the bike and the other a skateboard while the camera follows close behind ?	one
9657	Several other dogs run by and the people continue riding down the road path .	what run by and the people continue riding down the road path ?	dogs
9658	man is holding a pole with an ice cream and giving it to a little child .	what is man holding with an ice cream and giving it to a little child ?	pole
9662	The man hugs and shakes hands with people upon completing the rough surf episode and rides one last lone , high wave before fading to black .	what is the color of the wave ?	black
9664	A man on a round dirt area on a field swings a ball around and around while standing in place .	what does the man on a round dirt area on a field swing around and around while standing in place ?	ball
9667	A man guides a camel with kids riding on the back along a beach shoreline .	what does the man guide with kids riding on the back along a beach shoreline ?	camel
9684	A man pours coffee into a mug .	what does the man pour into a mug ?	coffee
9685	The man grabs open a beer bottle with the use of a jug .	what does the man grab open with the use of a jug ?	bottle
9686	The man pours the beer into the mug .	what does the man pour into the mug ?	beer
9687	The man drinks the drink .	what does the man drink ?	drink
9690	Three ladies throw the stone and slides down the track .	three ladies throw what and slides down the track ?	stone
9690	Three ladies throw the stone and slides down the track .	how many ladies throw the stone and slides down the track ?	three
9694	Two people are sword fighting on a stage for an audience .	how many people are sword fighting on the stage for an audience ?	two
9700	Ships are shown in the water .	what are shown in the water ?	ships
9702	A man in a yellow shirt is riding on a boat .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
9707	Two people are seen standing in front of a large crowd with one cheering and shoving his arms back and fourth .	how many people are seen standing in front of a large crowd with one cheering and shoving his arms back and fourth ?	two
9708	The men throw the ball back and fourth and switch places with another , ending with the same man cheering and hugging another .	the men throw what back and fourth and switch places with another , ending with the same man cheering and hugging another ?	ball
9714	Men kneels down and hits the croquet ball like a billiard shot .	men kneels down and hits what like a billiard shot ?	ball
9717	A mother and child in swim suits build sand castles on the beach .	what do the mother and child in swim suits build on the beach ?	castles
9718	The child destroys the sand castles .	what does the child destroy ?	castles
9719	The mother throws the plastic mold frustrated .	what does the mother throw frustrated ?	mold
9720	Two women are playing badminton on a stage .	how many women are playing badminton on a stage ?	two
9723	Two girls are standing on a grass field .	how many girls are standing on the grass field ?	two
9735	A man skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope .	the man skip what in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope ?	rope
9735	A man skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope .	the man skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip what ?	rope
9736	After , the man holds the rope on his left hand and skip while turning the rope .	after , the man holds what on his left hand and skip while turning the rope ?	rope
9739	Then the man jumps rope doing squatting jumps and jump lunges .	what does then the man jump doing squatting jumps and jump lunges ?	rope
9740	An older shirtless man wearing black shorts begins to walk on the same board of the male who previously jumped but then stops .	an older shirtless man wearing what begins to walk on the same board of the male who previously jumped but then stops ?	shorts
9740	An older shirtless man wearing black shorts begins to walk on the same board of the male who previously jumped but then stops .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
9745	A man in a white shirt hits the tennis ball .	what does the man in a white shirt hit ?	ball
9745	A man in a white shirt hits the tennis ball .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
9756	cars are driving in a snowy highway .	what are driving in the snowy highway ?	cars
9756	cars are driving in a snowy highway .	where are cars driving . ?	highway
9759	snowy cars are riding in snowy hill .	what are riding in snowy hill ?	cars
9766	A lone man in a room with a green screen backdrop performs a break dancing move on a patch of hardwood floors , using his back to spin .	what is the color of the backdrop ?	green
9767	The man continues to demonstrate break dance moves and talk to the camera until he gives a peace sign to the camera and the screen fades to a marketing graphic .	what does the man continue and fades to a marketing graphic ?	screen
9768	The view blurs and white words on the screen appear in the middle and say `` Killeen Daily Herald By Marianne Gish '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
9777	A large beach is shown as well as people standing around on the beach and looking at the sky .	what is shown as well as people standing around on the beach and looking at the sky ?	beach
9780	A man in a black wet suit and carrying a surfboard is talking to the camera man , about to get in the water .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
9782	The video ends as the man in the black wet suit comes on shore after riding a wave and smiling .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
9788	The outro appears and it 's a white screen with a red and blue logo , website and hashtag information .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
9792	A bull gets drug out of the arena by horses .	what gets drug out of the arena by horses ?	bull
9792	A bull gets drug out of the arena by horses .	what does the bull get out of the arena by horses ?	drug
9797	She is playing the violin .	what is she playing ?	violin
9798	Two men are playing drums with her .	what are two men playing with her ?	drums
9798	Two men are playing drums with her .	how many men are playing drums with her ?	two
9799	The camera pans between them .	what pans between them ?	camera
9804	Two men sit together at a booth and compete in an arm wrestling match .	how many men sit together at the booth and compete in an arm wrestling match ?	two
9809	She begins to do one handed cartwheels and swinging the baton around her neck .	how many handed cartwheels does she begin to do and swinging the baton around her neck ?	one
9811	We see two ladies arm wrestling .	how many ladies arm wrestling do we see ?	two
9820	The ax gets stack in a piece of wood , but the man get it off and continues cutting the firewood .	what gets stack in the piece of wood , but the man get it off and continues cutting the firewood ?	ax
9821	An elderly white woman with short blonde hair and glasses begins talking in the corner of the gymnasium .	what is the color of the woman ?	white
9830	The camera then speeds up and shows several teams and people entering and leaving the gym .	what then speeds up and shows several teams and people entering and leaving the gym ?	camera
9831	A black screen appears with blue letters that say `` Jayne Clarke Field Hockey Clips 2009 '' .	what appears with blue letters that say `` jayne clarke field hockey clips 2009 '' ?	screen
9831	A black screen appears with blue letters that say `` Jayne Clarke Field Hockey Clips 2009 '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
9831	A black screen appears with blue letters that say `` Jayne Clarke Field Hockey Clips 2009 '' .	what is the color of the letters ?	blue
9832	The clips begin to play and there are a series of small clips put together of the girl playing with a team , practicing alone , and practicing on a course .	what begin to play and there are a series of small clips put together of the girl playing with a team , practicing alone , and practicing on a course ?	clips
9833	The video ends with the girl practicing alone on a empty and large blue indoor court .	what is the color of the court ?	blue
9835	We see two men hug after the match .	how many men do we see hug after the match ?	two
9836	A host in a white suit narrates .	what is the color of the suit ?	white
9854	Three men are seen riding on top of horses around one another and leads into a bull running in and chasing a man on a horse .	how many men are seen riding on top of horses around one another and leads into a bull running in and chasing a man on a horse ?	three
9855	The man rides around the bull and shows several more shots of the riders riding around the bull .	the man rides around what and shows several more shots of the riders riding around the bull ?	bull
9856	At one point more men run into the pit and the bull lays down on it 's side while the audience cheers and the man holds his arms up .	what do at one point more men run into the pit and lays down on it 's side while the audience cheers and the man holds his arms up ?	bull
9863	These 3 men are shown rollerblading outdoors in the middle of the street .	how many men are shown rollerblading outdoors in the middle of the street ?	three
9867	One rider is shown riding around while another does various tricks .	how many rider is shown riding around while another does various tricks ?	one
9871	The men on the field grab their tools .	what do the men on the field grab ?	tools
9873	The left man uses a sickle and takes the lead over the man with the weed wacker .	the left man uses what and takes the lead over the man with the weed wacker ?	sickle
9877	The camera pans right to show the other man working on the grass .	what pans right to show the other man working on the grass ?	camera
9878	A boy is standing on a court holding a racquet in his right hand , a ball comes his way and he hits it very hard .	what is the boy standing on a court holding a racquet in his right hand , comes his way and he hits it very hard ?	ball
9881	The man then uses the tool in a bowl of salad and presents it to the camera .	the man then uses what in a bowl of salad and presents it to the camera ?	tool
9887	The a dent fixing mechanism is attached to the cars to show how it works to repair one wheel .	the a dent fixing mechanism is attached to the cars to show how it works to repair how many wheel ?	one
9888	Then it shows another wheel being repaired by the same mechanism .	what does then it show being repaired by the same mechanism ?	wheel
9893	Two young girls stand in front of a fireplace holding violins .	how many young girls stand in front of a fireplace holding violins ?	two
9895	Two younger children appear outdoors with a website address overlaid .	how many younger children appear outdoors with a website address overlaid ?	two
9896	Two men are posing in a photo for martial arts .	how many men are posing in the photo for martial arts ?	two
9910	Both men acknowledge the building and discuss .	both men acknowledge what and discuss ?	building
9911	Three men are spackling the wall as two comparisons are shown .	what are three men spackling ?	wall
9911	Three men are spackling the wall as two comparisons are shown .	how many men are spackling the wall as two comparisons are shown ?	three
9912	The two men inspect the wall .	what do the two men inspect ?	wall
9912	The two men inspect the wall .	how many men inspect the wall ?	two
9920	The harmonica is held up and shown .	what is held up and shown ?	harmonica
9922	The person finishes the song and holds up the harmonica .	the person finishes the song and holds up what ?	harmonica
9924	Then three friends join him and they skate down the road .	how many friends do then join him and they skate down the road ?	three
9928	Water is salted and boiled for the pasta , and vegetables are sauteed in olive oil .	what is water salted and boiled for the pasta , and are sauteed in olive oil ?	vegetables
9929	Sardines are added , then mixed with the spaghetti noodles , creating a finished dish .	what are added , then mixed with the spaghetti noodles , creating a finished dish ?	sardines
9933	The man wearing gray sweater is playing guitar .	the man wearing what is playing guitar ?	sweater
9933	The man wearing gray sweater is playing guitar .	what is the man wearing gray sweater is playing ?	guitar
9933	The man wearing gray sweater is playing guitar .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
9935	The man in blue shirt play his guitar , then poke the threads .	the man in blue shirt play what , then poke the threads ?	guitar
9935	The man in blue shirt play his guitar , then poke the threads .	the man in blue shirt play his guitar , then poke what ?	threads
9935	The man in blue shirt play his guitar , then poke the threads .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
9939	Two girls stand outdoors with another horse and brush it .	how many girls stand outdoors with another horse and brush it ?	two
9952	A man in a chefs outfit is standing in a kitchen .	where is the man in a chefs outfit standing . ?	kitchen
9954	He uses a spoon to stir what is in the pan .	what does he use ?	spoon
9961	She then kicks the ball again while others around her run and grab the ball from the field .	she then kicks what again while others around her run and grab the ball from the field ?	ball
9961	She then kicks the ball again while others around her run and grab the ball from the field .	she then kicks the ball again while others around her run and grab what from the field ?	ball
9965	Two people are wrestling in a ring .	how many people are wrestling in the ring ?	two
9983	The man then jumps rope while more kids perform tricks with their jump ropes and ends with the man speaking to one more jumper .	what does the man then jump ?	rope
9984	Cars are being washed at a car wash .	what are being washed at the car wash ?	cars
9985	A man in a red shirt talks to a man in a black shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
9985	A man in a red shirt talks to a man in a black shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
9986	The car is going through an automatic car wash .	what is going through an automatic car wash ?	car
9987	Someone is now scrubbing a car to wash it .	what is someone now scrubbing ?	car
9988	They walk into a garage and inspect the cars .	they walk into a garage and inspect what ?	cars
9989	Four men in the studio are playing different instrument .	what are four men in the studio playing ?	instrument
9989	Four men in the studio are playing different instrument .	how many men in the studio are playing different instrument ?	four
9989	Four men in the studio are playing different instrument .	where are four men playing different instrument . ?	studio
9991	The man playing harmonica stopped playing and looked at the man singing , then he continue to play his harmonica .	what stopped playing and looked at the man singing , then he continue to play his harmonica ?	harmonica
9992	Two men behind the four men are playing instruments .	what are two men behind the four men playing ?	instruments
9992	Two men behind the four men are playing instruments .	how many men behind the four men are playing instruments ?	two
9993	The man with guitar pull out a white cloth and wave it .	the man with guitar pull out what and wave it ?	cloth
9993	The man with guitar pull out a white cloth and wave it .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
9994	A young girl is standing in a room with a grey sweater , black tights , and pink shoes .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
9994	A young girl is standing in a room with a grey sweater , black tights , and pink shoes .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
9995	In her hand she has a croquet stick and is fiddling with the small ball .	in her hand she has what and is fiddling with the small ball ?	stick
10000	A guy puts cream from a blue tube in his palm and applies it to his chin .	what is the color of the tube ?	blue
10001	A guy puts gel from a blue tube in his palm and applies it to his chin .	what is the color of the tube ?	blue
10009	Again a player wearing red t-shirt scores , and the players jumps and hug to celebrate .	what is the color of the scores ?	red
10010	Then , a player with white t-shirt scores , and the teams continue playing .	what is the color of the scores ?	white
10011	The red team scores again , and people celebrate .	what is the color of the team ?	red
10012	woman is running to make a high jump and start walking and the woman makes the same high jump 3 times .	how many times does the woman make the same high jump ?	three
10018	Dragon ball z characters are yelling at one another standing in front of each other .	what are yelling at one another standing in front of each other ?	characters
10022	Two women are standing behind a young woman who is sitting in a chair getting her hair done .	how many women are standing behind the young woman who is sitting in a chair getting her hair done ?	two
10026	Once she shows how the sew-in is secured , the finished product is shown and the girl now has long curly hair .	what does once she show how the sew-in is secured , is shown and the girl now has long curly hair ?	product
10030	A person wearing a costume is seen standing and posing inside a canoe and eventually pushes themselves down the river .	the person wearing what is seen standing and posing inside a canoe and eventually pushes themselves down the river ?	costume
10031	The person moves in the canoe slowly and the camera follows him moving along the water in the canoe .	what does the person move in the canoe slowly and follows him moving along the water in the canoe ?	camera
10031	The person moves in the canoe slowly and the camera follows him moving along the water in the canoe .	where does the person move and the camera follows him moving along the water in the canoe . ?	canoe
10032	A gymnast wearing a red and white uniform prepares to mount a pommel horse for his exercise .	the gymnast wearing what prepares to mount a pommel horse for his exercise ?	uniform
10042	The dog does various tricks while catching the Frisbee .	what does various tricks while catching the frisbee ?	dog
10043	The dog jumps off the man to catch the toy .	what jumps off the man to catch the toy ?	dog
10044	Several other dogs also do a tricks to catch the toy .	what also do the tricks to catch the toy ?	dogs
10045	A man swings a dog around on a toy .	what does the man swing around on a toy ?	dog
10046	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
10048	A person cleans a pumpkin .	what does the person clean ?	pumpkin
10051	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
10059	There are three men standing near the campfire pit to demonstrate step three .	how many men are there standing near the campfire pit to demonstrate step three ?	three
10060	One of the men picks up a gasoline can and ours some of it into the campfire pit .	one of the men picks up what and ours some of it into the campfire pit ?	can
10064	People are sitting in blue bumper cars .	what is the color of the cars ?	blue
10068	A man fills a bowl with water , then adds a cleaning solution .	the man fills what with water , then adds a cleaning solution ?	bowl
10074	There are four women dancing to a choreographed dance to some Hip Hop music in a studio .	how many women are there dancing to a choreographed dance to some hip hop music in a studio ?	four
10080	A toddler climbs a jungle gym , and then go down the slide .	the toddler climbs what , and then go down the slide ?	gym
10081	A man enters a car holding a briefcase .	what does the man enter holding a briefcase ?	car
10081	A man enters a car holding a briefcase .	the man enters a car holding what ?	briefcase
10082	Then , the man smokes a cigarette in office , and a nurse gives him papers .	where does then , the man smoke a cigarette , and a nurse gives him papers . ?	office
10085	Two men are in the water and other men help get in the boat .	how many men are in the water ?	two
10085	Two men are in the water and other men help get in the boat .	where are two men in the water and other men help get . ?	boat
10089	A person is mixing drinks behind a bar .	what is the person mixing behind a bar ?	drinks
10096	The ingredients you will need are bread , cheese , ham , turkey sub kit deli meat , kraft real mayo , spicy brown mustard , seasoning and a knife .	what are bread , cheese , ham , turkey sub kit deli meat , kraft real mayo , spicy brown mustard , seasoning and a knife ?	ingredients
10096	The ingredients you will need are bread , cheese , ham , turkey sub kit deli meat , kraft real mayo , spicy brown mustard , seasoning and a knife .	what is the color of the mustard ?	brown
10097	Spread mayo on both slices of bread then put on mustard and cheese on both slices of bread put ham then turkey meat and add other seasoning to your taste .	spread mayo on both slices of bread then put on mustard and cheese on both slices of bread put ham then turkey meat and add what to your taste ?	seasoning
10101	Two men that are matching each other are playing a game of racket ball .	how many men that are matching each other are playing a game of racket ball ?	two
10105	A female news anchor is talking about a clip that will be shown .	what is talking about the clip that will be shown ?	anchor
10106	Monkeys are skiing behind a boat in the water .	what are skiing behind the boat in the water ?	monkeys
10107	Another monkey is seen driving a speed boat pulling a skiing monkey .	what is seen driving the speed boat pulling a skiing monkey ?	monkey
10109	The monkey driving the speed boat is shown again .	what is driving the speed boat is shown again ?	monkey
10109	The monkey driving the speed boat is shown again .	the monkey driving what is shown again ?	boat
10110	The monkey circles the steering wheel with the boat moving .	what circles the steering wheel with the boat moving ?	monkey
10110	The monkey circles the steering wheel with the boat moving .	what does the monkey circle steering with the boat moving ?	wheel
10111	The monkey then drives the boat to a set of buoys where three people are waiting for him .	what then drives the boat to a set of buoys where three people are waiting for him ?	monkey
10111	The monkey then drives the boat to a set of buoys where three people are waiting for him .	what does the monkey then drive to a set of buoys ?	boat
10111	The monkey then drives the boat to a set of buoys where three people are waiting for him .	the monkey then drives the boat to a set of buoys where how many people are waiting for him ?	three
10112	Three news anchors discuss the monkeys .	what discuss the monkeys ?	anchors
10112	Three news anchors discuss the monkeys .	three news anchors discuss what ?	monkeys
10112	Three news anchors discuss the monkeys .	how many news anchors discuss the monkeys ?	three
10117	The man and the woman play the piano together .	what do the man and the woman play together ?	piano
10122	A woman sits by a window knitting a white piece .	what is the color of the piece ?	white
10124	The woman continues her knitting .	what does the woman continue ?	knitting
10126	A large bow is laying on a table .	what is laying on the table ?	bow
10130	Two yellow bumper cars are stuck in the middle of the track until they get bumped by another car .	what are stuck in the middle of the track until they get bumped by another car ?	cars
10130	Two yellow bumper cars are stuck in the middle of the track until they get bumped by another car .	how many yellow bumper cars are stuck in the middle of the track until they get bumped by another car ?	two
10130	Two yellow bumper cars are stuck in the middle of the track until they get bumped by another car .	what is the color of the cars ?	yellow
10140	The sitting man gets up and puts lotion on the man who approached .	the sitting man gets up and puts what on the man who approached ?	lotion
10141	Five guys are laying on the beach when a woman approaches them .	how many guys are laying on the beach when a woman approaches them ?	five
10142	One man gets up and applies lotion to the womans back .	one man gets up and applies what to the womans back ?	lotion
10142	One man gets up and applies lotion to the womans back .	how many man gets up and applies lotion to the womans back ?	one
10143	Five guys are laying on towels at the beach and a man approaches them .	how many guys are laying on towels at the beach ?	five
10145	The swimmers jump off a man made metal cliff wrapped in sponsored advertisement art and graphics .	the swimmers jump off a man made what wrapped in sponsored advertisement art and graphics ?	cliff
10147	Two swimmers hug while one swimmer jumps up and down and three more hold up trophies .	how many swimmers hug while one swimmer jumps up and down and three more hold up trophies ?	two
10152	One member comes out to play the saxophone for a solo as the crowd claps along .	how many member comes out to play the saxophone for a solo as the crowd claps along ?	one
10157	A little girl wearing a pink blouse sits on a bed squinting her eyes .	the little girl wearing what sits on a bed squinting her eyes ?	blouse
10158	The little girl then puts on purple lipstick on her lips .	what is the color of the lipstick ?	purple
10160	A man is mopping a dirty public bathroom floor .	what is the man mopping ?	floor
10161	He pushes the mop back and forth , making the floor clean and shiny .	what does he push back and forth , ?	mop
10165	Two men are on a platform , fencing .	how many men are on the platform , fencing ?	two
10170	After , the man perform high jump but drops the horizontal pole .	after , the man perform high jump but drops what ?	pole
10172	The athlete perform a high jump , but the pole falls .	what do the athlete perform a high jump , but falls ?	pole
10173	A large pontoon boat is sailing across an ocean and runs into a large wave that covers the people as well as the boat in water .	what is sailing across an ocean and runs into a large wave that covers the people as well as the boat in water ?	boat
10174	A very muscular shirtless man is about to arm wrestle with a man in an orange hoodie .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	orange
10175	Another man in a yellow hoodie comes over .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	yellow
10176	They begin the match , the man in the orange hoodie looks to be struggling .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	orange
10189	A woman is putting contact lenses into her eyes .	what is the woman putting contact into her eyes ?	lenses
10190	Contact lenses are shown on a hand .	what are contact shown on a hand ?	lenses
10195	She holds another picture beside her and pushes the brush into paint .	she holds what beside her and pushes the brush into paint ?	picture
10200	Two men pull on the rigging seated on the small sailboat .	how many men pull on the rigging seated on the small sailboat ?	two
10201	The sail boat makes a turn in front of the bow of another boat only partly seen .	what makes the turn in front of the bow of another boat only partly seen ?	boat
10202	Two men on a ladder fight in a professional wrestling match .	how many men on a ladder fight in a professional wrestling match ?	two
10203	The men flip off the ladder on to the mat .	the men flip off what on to the mat ?	ladder
10207	People on a boat suit up in scuba gear then jump into the water .	where do people on a boat suit up gear then jump into the water . ?	scuba
10210	Sea turtles graze and swim in the ocean .	what graze and swim in the ocean ?	turtles
10211	Various fish are seen swimming through the reef .	what are seen swimming through the reef ?	fish
10212	A manta ray swims in the ocean over a reef .	what swims in the ocean over a reef ?	ray
10213	This elderly man is blowing the leaves out of the way using a leaf blower .	what is this elderly man blowing out of the way ?	leaves
10214	First the camera is giving viewers a close up view only showing the man 's face .	what is first giving viewers a close up view only showing the man 's face ?	camera
10215	Then the camera zooms out and shows the man blowing the leaves using a machine and when he 's done half doing his job , he turns the leaf blower off .	then what zooms out and shows the man blowing the leaves using a machine and when he 's done half doing his job , he turns the leaf blower off ?	camera
10215	Then the camera zooms out and shows the man blowing the leaves using a machine and when he 's done half doing his job , he turns the leaf blower off .	then the camera zooms out and shows the man blowing what and when he 's done half doing his job , he turns the leaf blower off ?	leaves
10215	Then the camera zooms out and shows the man blowing the leaves using a machine and when he 's done half doing his job , he turns the leaf blower off .	then the camera zooms out and shows the man blowing the leaves and , he turns what off ?	blower
10216	little kid is holding a red tennis racket close to her face but then put it on the floor and jump on top .	what is the color of the racket ?	red
10218	the girl is grabing toys from the floor .	what is the girl grabing from the floor ?	toys
10220	The man spins the hammer around many times and then lets the hammer go to fly into the hair and land in the field .	the man spins what around many times and then lets the hammer go to fly into the hair and land in the field ?	hammer
10223	A blue bucket is put into a sink .	what is put into the sink ?	bucket
10223	A blue bucket is put into a sink .	what is the color of the bucket ?	blue
10225	He mops the tile in the bathroom .	where does he mop the tile . ?	bathroom
10231	The man begins to pulls his pants up as his blue underwear shows from the twisting of the dance , which has pulled down his pants .	what is the color of the shows ?	blue
10235	An ax rests in a fallen tree .	what rests in the fallen tree ?	ax
10236	A man picks up the ax , and chops the trunk of the tree .	the man picks up what , and chops the trunk of the tree ?	ax
10238	Then two other children behind him that are little girls slide down .	how many other children are then behind him that little girls slide down ?	two
10239	Just as the girls are reaching the bottom of the slide boy gets up and leaves the slide and the girls follow right behind him .	gets up and leaves what and the girls follow right behind him ?	slide
10240	We see the title card on black .	what is the color of the card ?	black
10243	We then see the bike in stair stepper mode and using the handles .	what do we then see in stair stepper mode and using the handles ?	bicycle
10246	A dog walks behind them .	what walks behind them ?	dog
10248	woman is standing in a small room doing tricks with a baton .	where is woman standing doing tricks with a baton . ?	room
10263	The potato is cut , then dropped in a pot .	what is cut , then dropped in a pot ?	potato
10263	The potato is cut , then dropped in a pot .	where is the potato cut , then dropped . ?	pot
10265	We see a red illustration on a potato and a potato is mashed .	what is the color of the illustration ?	red
10266	Two more potatoes are peeled easily , Another potato is boiled and dropped in cold water .	what are peeled easily , another potato is boiled and dropped in cold water ?	potatoes
10266	Two more potatoes are peeled easily , Another potato is boiled and dropped in cold water .	how many more potatoes are peeled easily ?	two
10267	Several clips are shown of people wandering around areas , looking to the camera , and skateboarding down a hill .	what are shown of people wandering around areas , looking to the camera , and skateboarding down a hill ?	clips
10270	A crowd of people are at a stadium watching a bull fight .	what are the crowd of people at a stadium watching ?	fight
10271	A petite man is standing in front of the bull with a red cloth and taunting the bull .	what is the petite man standing in front of the bull with a red cloth and taunting ?	bull
10271	A petite man is standing in front of the bull with a red cloth and taunting the bull .	what is the color of the cloth ?	red
10272	Once the bull moves , three more men come out with pink cloths and begin taunting the bulls and he hits them with his horns .	how many more men does once the bull move , come out with pink cloths and begin taunting the bulls ?	three
10273	The men finally leave the bull alone and he lays down on his side and they begin giving him something in the mouth .	what do the men finally leave alone and he lays down on his side and they begin giving him something in the mouth ?	bull
10275	Two men spar in a karate practice match inside a gym studio .	how many men spar in the karate practice match inside a gym studio ?	two
10281	Instead of using a lawnmower he is cutting the grass with a machete .	what is instead of using the lawnmower he is cutting with a machete ?	grass
10283	The two people take shots with their pucks down the board .	how many people take shots with their pucks down the board ?	two
10286	Two people play a leisurely game of shuffle board on an outdoor court .	how many people play the leisurely game of shuffle board on an outdoor court ?	two
10289	The woman then drops the cape and begins walking towards the crowd moving her chest and smiling at the people .	the woman then drops what and begins walking towards the crowd moving her chest and smiling at the people ?	cape
10290	We see people playing paintball on a football field .	what do we see on a football field ?	paintball
10293	He fills his gun with orange balls .	what does he fill with orange balls ?	gun
10293	He fills his gun with orange balls .	what is the color of the balls ?	orange
10295	The man reloads his gun with blue balls .	what does the man reload with blue balls ?	gun
10295	The man reloads his gun with blue balls .	what is the color of the balls ?	blue
10308	The camera pans around a large group of people playing a soccer match on a field with many people watching on the sides .	what pans around the large group of people playing a soccer match on a field with many people watching on the sides ?	camera
10310	A person 's hand then covers the camera and moves all around the area .	the person 's hand then covers what and moves all around the area ?	camera
10313	A black horse is standing in a stable with several yellow things on his hair .	what is standing in the stable with several yellow things on his hair ?	horse
10313	A black horse is standing in a stable with several yellow things on his hair .	what is the color of the horse ?	black
10313	A black horse is standing in a stable with several yellow things on his hair .	what is the color of the things ?	yellow
10317	The man touches the handle bars of a bike then grabs a wire off a table .	what is the man touches the handle bars of a bike then grabs off a table ?	wire
10318	The man strings the wire through the bikes brake system .	what did the man string through the bikes brake system ?	wire
10319	The man adds a black plastic sheath over the wire and attaches it to the wheel brace .	the man adds what over the wire and attaches it to the wheel brace ?	sheath
10319	The man adds a black plastic sheath over the wire and attaches it to the wheel brace .	what is the color of the sheath ?	black
10322	The team do jumping ropes where two females hold the end of the jumping rope , rotating them as the other team member jumped inside the rope and dance .	the team do jumping ropes where how many females hold the end of the jumping rope , rotating them as the other team member jumped inside the rope and dance ?	two
10331	The camera zooms in on the boy again .	what zooms in on the boy again ?	camera
10332	A little girl in a diaper uses a small vacuum .	where does the little girl use a small vacuum . ?	diaper
10335	A boy spins around a gym with a tennis racket and pushes a ball around to another boy .	the boy spins around a gym with a tennis racket and pushes what around to another boy ?	ball
10337	They slide around the floor pushing the ball and continue hitting the ball back and fourth across the gym .	they slide around what pushing the ball and continue hitting the ball back and fourth across the gym ?	floor
10337	They slide around the floor pushing the ball and continue hitting the ball back and fourth across the gym .	they slide around the floor pushing what and continue hitting the ball back and fourth across the gym ?	ball
10342	They wipe the shoe off with a white towel .	what do they wipe off with a white towel ?	shoe
10342	They wipe the shoe off with a white towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
10343	He lifts up the shoe to show the camera .	what does he lift up ?	shoe
10345	We see a title card with a family on it .	what do we see with a family on it ?	card
10347	A man in blue plan swing his legs back and forth .	what is the color of the plan ?	blue
10348	The man in red shorts is spinning wildly .	what is the color of the shorts ?	red
10356	A girl wearing an orange hoodie and a girl wearing a black blouse enter a home and go into the kitchen .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	orange
10356	A girl wearing an orange hoodie and a girl wearing a black blouse enter a home and go into the kitchen .	what is the color of the blouse ?	black
10359	Some one is at the front door and the girl in the orange hoodie runs through the house to go answer the door .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	orange
10360	The girl in the black blouse is at the door disguised as a man .	what is the color of the blouse ?	black
10360	The girl in the black blouse is at the door disguised as a man .	where is the girl at the door disguised as a man . ?	blouse
10361	The girl in the orange hoodie squeezes a bar of butter and it falls to the floor and slams the door shut .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	orange
10362	The girl in the black blouse turns and walks away dejected .	what is the color of the blouse ?	black
10362	The girl in the black blouse turns and walks away dejected .	where does the girl turn and walks away dejected . ?	blouse
10363	A white man is on the stage with long dreads throwing up the piece sign to the audience .	what is the color of the man ?	white
10365	The crowd is shown and the camera goes back to the stage and several lights come on as the guitarist begins to play .	what is the crowd shown and goes back to the stage and several lights come on as the guitarist begins to play ?	camera
10371	The man spins and throws the ball .	what does the man spin and throws ?	ball
10376	We see the tractor up close .	what do we see up close ?	tractor
10377	We see the closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
10381	The boat then takes off and helps the girl ride along while she falls the first time then successfully rides .	what then takes off and helps the girl ride along while she falls the first time then successfully rides ?	boat
10383	A group of men in black started to removed the first half of the carpet in the living room , then replaced it with lighter , newer carpet .	what is the color of the men ?	black
10384	The group of men in black shirts moved the couch from the wall to other side and removed the other half of the carpet , exposing the green floor .	the group of men in black shirts moved what from the wall to other side and removed the other half of the carpet , ?	couch
10384	The group of men in black shirts moved the couch from the wall to other side and removed the other half of the carpet , exposing the green floor .	what is the color of the shirts ?	black
10384	The group of men in black shirts moved the couch from the wall to other side and removed the other half of the carpet , exposing the green floor .	what is the color of the floor ?	green
10385	The group of men put the carpet on the floor , they measure it , cut it and taped it .	what did the group of men put on the floor , ?	carpet
10386	When the new carpet is properly installed , the men vacuum the carpet while the lady walked in the living room .	, the men vacuum what ?	carpet
10388	Lastly , a blue screen flashes and white words appear .	what is the color of the flashes ?	blue
10388	Lastly , a blue screen flashes and white words appear .	what is the color of the words ?	white
10389	Two cars are parked on the side of the road as train passes by .	what are parked on the side of the road as train passes by ?	cars
10389	Two cars are parked on the side of the road as train passes by .	how many cars are parked on the side of the road as train passes by ?	two
10392	Then the man holds an accordion while touching the buttons and talking .	what does then the man hold ?	accordion
10393	A woman plays piano in a room decorated with candles .	what does the woman play in a room decorated with candles ?	piano
10399	The boy jumps from a diving board and does four flips in the air before gets into the water .	the boy jumps from a diving board and does how many flips in the air before gets into the water ?	four
10400	The man in blue shirt with cap is hitting the thick rope .	what is the man in blue shirt with cap hitting ?	rope
10400	The man in blue shirt with cap is hitting the thick rope .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
10402	The man in blue shirt started to bounced on the rope doing some tricks like sitting on the rope , bouncing on his chest , cartwheel and walking on the rope .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
10403	A young girl is doing gymnastics on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
10408	They hold five men in the air and flip them and flip four men in groups .	they hold how many men in the air and flip them and flip four men in groups ?	five
10409	One man is lifted high and swings two men on his arms to the other side then five men make a star like shape .	one man is lifted and swings two men on his arms to the other side then five men make what like shape ?	star
10409	One man is lifted high and swings two men on his arms to the other side then five men make a star like shape .	how many man is lifted high and swings two men on his arms to the other side then five men make a star like shape ?	one
10419	A group of people are outside at the beach playing sand volley ball .	what are the group of people outside at the beach playing volley ?	ball
10420	The ball falls and a fat boy with yellow shirts takes the ball and tries to serve it .	what falls and the fat boy with yellow shirts takes the ball and tries to serve it ?	ball
10420	The ball falls and a fat boy with yellow shirts takes the ball and tries to serve it .	what is the color of the shirts ?	yellow
10421	However , the ball does n't make it over the net , rolls back and he goes to get it .	what does however , do n't make it over the net , rolls back and he goes to get it ?	ball
10428	Several people exercise in a room .	where do several people exercise . ?	room
10432	There are two men elbow wrestling on a table .	how many men are there elbow wrestling on a table ?	two
10439	The woman puts her arm down and talks into the camera and a black cat climbs on furniture behind her while she 's still talking .	what is the color of the cat ?	black
10441	The woman is back in the room talking , then appears back in the shower with a razor and shaving her legs .	where is the woman back talking , then appears back in the shower with a razor and shaving her legs . ?	room
10442	A girl wearing a red shirt and white shorts is standing in her bathroom at the sink with a toothbrush in her hand .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
10442	A girl wearing a red shirt and white shorts is standing in her bathroom at the sink with a toothbrush in her hand .	what is the color of the shorts ?	white
10442	A girl wearing a red shirt and white shorts is standing in her bathroom at the sink with a toothbrush in her hand .	where is the girl wearing a red shirt and white shorts is standing . ?	bathroom
10446	Then she realizes that her mouth is full of toothpaste foam and that it is coming out , she spits it out in the sink .	where does then she realize her mouth is full of toothpaste foam and it is coming out , she spits it out . ?	sink
10448	She uses a large round brush to brush her hair straight as it dries .	what does she use ?	brush
10451	A woman stands outside with a brown horse and puts on a helmet .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
10452	The woman talks to the camera and mounts the horse .	the woman talks to the camera and mounts what ?	horse
10460	A brown dog is playing with a frisbee .	what is playing with the frisbee ?	dog
10460	A brown dog is playing with a frisbee .	what is the color of the dog ?	brown
10461	The dog is standing on the woman 's back .	what is standing on the woman 's back ?	dog
10462	stadium is shown with a lot of people in the audience sitting on stands watching a criquet game .	what is shown with the lot of people in the audience sitting on stands watching a criquet game ?	stadium
10465	He grabs a bowling ball and begins bowling .	he grabs what and begins bowling ?	ball
10470	They try to get the ball in the hoop and continue bouncing around the court .	where do they try to get the ball and continue bouncing around the court . ?	hoop
10471	A man in green does a flip in the air and shoots the ball into the hoop .	the man in green does a flip in the air and shoots what into the hoop ?	ball
10472	A dog is seen standing in a bath tub chained to a tub and a woman walks into frame and grabs the dog .	what is seen standing in the bath tub chained to a tub and a woman walks into frame and grabs the dog ?	dog
10472	A dog is seen standing in a bath tub chained to a tub and a woman walks into frame and grabs the dog .	what is the dog seen and a woman walks into frame and grabs ?	dog
10473	She hold up a bottle and sprays it around the dog , rubbing it into it 's fur while speaking to the camera .	she hold up what and sprays it around the dog , rubbing it into it 's fur while speaking to the camera ?	bottle
10475	A black screen appears with white words that read `` How to Paint a Paneled Door '' .	what appears with white words that read `` how to paint a paneled door '' ?	screen
10475	A black screen appears with white words that read `` How to Paint a Paneled Door '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
10475	A black screen appears with white words that read `` How to Paint a Paneled Door '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
10476	A man then appears in front of a red door that is leaning up against a wall that has plastic on it , and he 's talking and touching the door .	the man then appears in front of a red door that is leaning up against a wall that has plastic on it , and he 's talking and touching what ?	door
10476	A man then appears in front of a red door that is leaning up against a wall that has plastic on it , and he 's talking and touching the door .	what is the color of the door ?	red
10477	The man then grabs a paint brush and begins painting on paints various parts of the door while continuing to talk .	the man then grabs what and begins painting on paints various parts of the door while continuing to talk ?	brush
10478	The man stops painting , and begins talking as he points at a few things on the door .	the man stops what , and begins talking as he points at a few things on the door ?	painting
10479	A black screen appears with white words that include a website if someone wants more information .	what appears with white words that include a website if someone wants more information ?	screen
10479	A black screen appears with white words that include a website if someone wants more information .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
10479	A black screen appears with white words that include a website if someone wants more information .	what is the color of the words ?	white
10483	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
10488	We then see the ending screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
10493	A man is dancing in a room .	where is the man dancing . ?	room
10494	He steps up and down on a small black stepping stool .	what is the color of the stool ?	black
10499	A green race car comes into a pit stop .	what comes into the pit stop ?	car
10499	A green race car comes into a pit stop .	what is the color of the car ?	green
10500	The man with the jack lifts the car up .	what does the man with the jack lift up ?	car
10501	The pit crew begins to work on the car by changing the front and rear tires of the car .	what begins to work on the car by changing the front and rear tires of the car ?	crew
10507	Two pattern continues and then the girl comes back and is shown with bows behind her back before shooting at a target on the wall .	how many pattern continues ?	two
10509	Two men crouch in front of each other as they play .	how many men crouch in front of each other as they play ?	two
10511	A man sits on front a bowl , then a woman shows cookie dough in bowls , then review a cookbook .	what does the man sit on front a bowl , then a woman shows in bowls , ?	dough
10512	Then , the woman make dough balls and putsion a baking pan , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan .	then , the woman make what and putsion a baking pan , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan ?	balls
10512	Then , the woman make dough balls and putsion a baking pan , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan .	then , the woman make dough balls and putsion what , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan ?	pan
10513	After , the man put the cookies in the oven .	what did after , the man put in the oven ?	cookies
10513	After , the man put the cookies in the oven .	where did after , the man put the cookies . ?	oven
10517	The man cleans the kitchen floor .	what does the man clean ?	floor
10519	The man takes the mop out of the red bucket and moves the bucket aside .	the man takes the mop out of the red bucket and moves what aside ?	bucket
10519	The man takes the mop out of the red bucket and moves the bucket aside .	what is the color of the bucket ?	red
10522	The man hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink .	the man hands what to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink ?	mop
10522	The man hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink .	the man hands the mop to the lady and empties what in the sink ?	bucket
10522	The man hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink .	what is the color of the bucket ?	red
10523	The male grabs alcohol , while the lady mops .	what does the male grab , ?	alcohol
10524	The man hands the bucket and mop to the male .	the man hands what and mop to the male ?	bucket
10528	A bar of exercise equipment is shown in a living room .	where is the bar of exercise equipment shown . ?	room
10536	A large lake is seen with a man sitting in a tube as well as others looking around the area .	what is seen with the man sitting in a tube as well as others looking around the area ?	lake
10542	A student in black shorts runs across the gym .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
10543	A group of students plays rock paper sissor .	what does the group of students play ?	paper
10545	A student wearing a hat sits on the bench and looks sick .	the student wearing what sits on the bench and looks sick ?	hat
10559	We see a man adds a band on a ski and the ski sits on a contraption .	what do we see and sits on a contraption ?	ski
10560	A man brushes and rubs the ski .	the man brushes and rubs what ?	ski
10567	More dogs are seen chasing after the frisbees while the owner watches from behind .	what are seen chasing after the frisbees while the owner watches from behind ?	dogs
10592	Two men high five each other the men all trade sides .	how many men high five each other the men all trade sides ?	two
10594	A man kicks the ball to the other side .	what does the man kick to the other side ?	ball
10596	The man in gray daces as the other men jump around .	what is the color of the daces ?	gray
10598	The title card is shown and we fade out .	what is shown and we fade out ?	card
10617	A man in a wheelchair goes down a sidewalk on a cold winter day .	where does the man go down a sidewalk on a cold winter day . ?	wheelchair
10621	Two people are seen holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball around in a small room .	how many people are seen holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball around in a small room ?	two
10621	Two people are seen holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball around in a small room .	where are two people seen holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball . ?	room
10627	A camera pans all around an indoor gym and leads into clips of people pole volting over a bar .	what pans all around an indoor gym and leads into clips of people pole volting over a bar ?	camera
10631	three women wearing all black are standing holding a white hoola hoope on her hands .	how many women is wearing all black are standing holding a white hoola hoope on her hands ?	three
10631	three women wearing all black are standing holding a white hoola hoope on her hands .	what is the color of the women ?	black
10631	three women wearing all black are standing holding a white hoola hoope on her hands .	what is the color of the hoope ?	white
10634	women appears in a dark room with brilliant hoola hoops dancing and doing tricks , woman with yellow hair keeps dancing alone .	what is the color of the hair ?	yellow
10635	The man in black shirt is kneeling and reached for his back leg .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
10641	A dog is jumping in the snow he is throwing .	what is jumping in the snow he is throwing ?	dog
10644	The men stick their tongues out at the camera and the camera moves in on another table with people playing .	what do the men stick their tongues out at the camera and moves in on another table with people playing ?	camera
10646	A teen holds a violin and then plays on front of other teens that talk and laugh .	the teen holds what and then plays on front of other teens that talk and laugh ?	violin
10648	Then people in the room applauds .	where does then people applaud . ?	room
10651	He goes into a closet and picks out the cleaner he uses while he talks about it .	he goes into a closet and picks out what ?	cleaner
10655	Two women standing in the kitchen , one girl is wearing a black top and the other one is wearing a beige top .	how many women is standing in the kitchen , one girl is wearing a black top ?	two
10655	Two women standing in the kitchen , one girl is wearing a black top and the other one is wearing a beige top .	what is the color of the top ?	black
10656	The woman in beige showed a sandwich on the kitchen counter , then started peeing the green cucumber using a peeler , then start slicing the cucumber .	what is the color of the cucumber ?	green
10660	A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by various ingredients laid out and him chopping up vegetables .	what is the man seen and him chopping up ?	vegetables
10661	The man continues cutting and mixes the ingredients into a bowl .	the man continues and mixes what into a bowl ?	ingredients
10665	Two adult men in helmets are teaching little boys how to play ice hockey .	how many adult men in helmets are teaching little boys how to play ice hockey ?	two
10668	A woman in a white dress starts a lawn mower .	what does the woman in a white dress start ?	mower
10668	A woman in a white dress starts a lawn mower .	what is the color of the dress ?	white
10674	A man is shown painting a wall with grey paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	gray
10682	A bird appears to divebomb into the ocean .	what appears to divebomb into the ocean ?	bird
10684	A woman walks into the kitchen and turns the knobs on the oven .	the woman walks into the kitchen and turns what on the oven ?	knobs
10685	A blender is then put on the counter and the lever is pulled down followed by a tea bag being placed in a cup .	what is then put on the counter and the lever is pulled down followed by a tea bag being placed in a cup ?	blender
10685	A blender is then put on the counter and the lever is pulled down followed by a tea bag being placed in a cup .	what is the blender then put on the counter and is pulled down followed by a tea bag being placed in a cup ?	lever
10689	Its finally time for the cookies to be in put in the oven and she sets the timer on her phone so she wo n't burn them .	its finally time for the cookies to be in put in the oven and she sets what on her phone ?	timer
10692	He rolls a big box into the room and proceeds to open a box where a bicycle sits inside .	he rolls what into the room and proceeds to open a box where a bicycle sits inside ?	box
10695	He removes all of the boxes sitting around the bicycle and assembles the bike .	he removes all of the boxes sitting around the bicycle and assembles what ?	bicycle
10697	He removes two pedals from bags and attaches both pedals onto the bicycle .	he removes how many pedals from bags and attaches both pedals onto the bicycle ?	two
10700	We see two people playing foosball .	how many people do we see playing foosball ?	two
10701	A man in a black shirt leave the room and turns before leaving .	the man in a black shirt leave what and turns before leaving ?	room
10701	A man in a black shirt leave the room and turns before leaving .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
10703	A man wearing a grey t-shirt stands at a desk with a computer monitor displaying a timer .	what is the color of the stands ?	gray
10704	The man holds a Rubik 's Cube and starts the timer as he starts to solve the Rubik 's Cube .	the man holds what and starts the timer as he starts to solve the rubik 's cube ?	cube
10704	The man holds a Rubik 's Cube and starts the timer as he starts to solve the Rubik 's Cube .	the man holds a rubik 's cube and starts what ?	timer
10705	As the man completes the Rubik 's Cube he drops the puzzle and stops the timer at 26 seconds .	he drops the puzzle and stops what at 26 seconds ?	timer
10706	A man in white uniform is standing at the kitchen counter .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
10708	The man hold the metal knife sharpener and slowly sharpen the knife from side to side .	the man hold what and slowly sharpen the knife from side to side ?	sharpener
10708	The man hold the metal knife sharpener and slowly sharpen the knife from side to side .	the man hold the metal knife sharpener and slowly sharpen what from side to side ?	knife
10710	A man holds a saxophone , then he takes out the neck and blows the mouthpiece while talking .	what does the man hold , then he takes out the neck and blows the mouthpiece while talking ?	saxophone
10711	Then , the man puts on the neck in the saxophone and shows the keys while talking .	then , the man puts on the neck in the saxophone and shows what while talking ?	keys
10712	Then , the man plays the saxophone while explaining .	what does then , the man play while explaining ?	saxophone
10715	The dog runs side to side and chases it .	what runs side to side and chases it ?	dog
10716	He grabs two other Frisbees and tosses them around while the dog jumps .	he grabs what and tosses them around while the dog jumps ?	frisbees
10716	He grabs two other Frisbees and tosses them around while the dog jumps .	he grabs how many other frisbees and tosses them around while the dog jumps ?	two
10718	The dog continues jumping side to side and running in all directions as they get thrown .	what continues jumping side to side and running in all directions as they get thrown ?	dog
10719	A man and an woman sip a blue liquid and rinse his mouth .	what is the color of the liquid ?	blue
10727	He then pierces the girl 's cheeks and the camera zooms in on the girl 's face when he 's done .	what does he then pierce the girl 's cheeks and zooms in on the girl 's face when he 's done ?	camera
10731	The man then begins throwing the ball in the hoop several times .	where does the man then begin throwing the ball several times . ?	hoop
10739	The camera continues to follow the boy around the yard while the mom lays in the grass and then the daughter swinging around .	what continues to follow the boy around the yard while the mom lays in the grass and then the daughter swinging around ?	camera
10743	He replaces the bucket and starts over in his beat as a crowd gathers .	he replaces what and starts over in his beat as a crowd gathers ?	bucket
10744	He rearranges the buckets once again and continues drumming .	he rearranges what once again and continues drumming ?	buckets
10748	The outro screen appears and it 's the exact picture like the intro but the words now say `` Checkout our video Scraping & Brushing '' and it also includes the company logo .	what appears and it 's the exact picture like the intro but the words now say `` checkout our video scraping & brushing '' and it also includes the company logo ?	screen
10754	We see rafts and people in a building .	where do we see rafts and people . ?	building
10756	People grab rafts , and people on rafts fill a river .	what do people grab rafts , and people on rafts fill ?	river
10759	A man holding a selfie stick is riding a raft .	the man holding what is riding a raft ?	stick
10759	A man holding a selfie stick is riding a raft .	what is the man holding a selfie stick is riding ?	raft
10766	We see the man shoot three arrows and see the target .	how many arrows do we see the man shoot and see the target ?	three
10768	The boy walks away and we see lady shoot two arrows and turn and kiss her hand .	how many arrows do we see lady shoot and turn and kiss her hand ?	two
10778	The arrow uncaps the bottle .	what does the arrow uncaps ?	bottle
10782	The man cut the pineapple in half .	what did the man cut in half ?	pineapple
10784	Someone is placing a vent on the roof of a house .	what is someone placing on the roof of a house ?	vent
10785	They seal the vent with glue .	they seal what with glue ?	vent
10786	Two boys are standing behind a table .	how many boys are standing behind the table ?	two
10788	They pour it into a pitcher of water and make a drink .	they pour it into a pitcher of water and make what ?	drink
10789	They pour the drink into two glasses .	what do they pour into two glasses ?	drink
10807	He uses the tool to take off all of the nuts one by one .	what does he use ?	tool
10808	Then he grabs the tire off and moves it over and he puts on another tire .	then he grabs what off and moves it over and he puts on another tire ?	tire
10811	A car enters the street where the teen skateboard .	what enters the street where the teen skateboard ?	car
10812	A youth wearing a pink t-shirt skateboard on the street .	the youth wearing what skateboard on the street ?	t-shirt
10815	After , two teens walk in the street , and then they skateboard .	how many teens walk in the street ?	two
10815	After , two teens walk in the street , and then they skateboard .	where do after , two teens walk , and then they skateboard . ?	street
10818	A man in a green hoodie balances on the rope while the man in the beard supports the man on the rope .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	green
10819	A Man in a grey shirt pushes off of a man wearing a black shirt and performs a back somersault and lands firmly on the leaf covered ground .	the man in a grey shirt pushes off of a man wearing what and performs a back somersault and lands firmly on the leaf covered ground ?	shirt
10819	A Man in a grey shirt pushes off of a man wearing a black shirt and performs a back somersault and lands firmly on the leaf covered ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
10819	A Man in a grey shirt pushes off of a man wearing a black shirt and performs a back somersault and lands firmly on the leaf covered ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
10820	A white intro screen appears with special effects and a lot of coloring that include words , numbers , and logos .	what appears with special effects and a lot of coloring that include words , numbers , and logos ?	screen
10820	A white intro screen appears with special effects and a lot of coloring that include words , numbers , and logos .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
10821	The same white screen from the beginning appears with special effects and lot of colored words then it fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
10821	The same white screen from the beginning appears with special effects and lot of colored words then it fades to black .	what is the color of the words ?	black
10823	A man in a white shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
10825	Pink water bottles are in a box .	what are in the box ?	bottles
10825	Pink water bottles are in a box .	where are pink water bottles . ?	box
10827	A computer generated game of a man , he starts spinning .	what generated game of a man , he starts spinning ?	computer
10831	Some is carrying an instrument case walking around outside , they put the case down on the ground and take out a violin .	what is some carrying walking around outside , they put the case down on the ground and take out a violin ?	case
10832	The woman plays the violin everywhere she goes and she dances while she plays too .	what does the woman play ?	violin
10841	Suddenly , the boat turn over and all men fall in the water .	what do suddenly , turn over and all men fall in the water ?	boat
10843	After , persons in a boat rescue a man in the water and recover the boat .	after , persons in a boat rescue a man in the water and recover what ?	boat
10844	two men stand in the shore next to a ladder .	how many men stand in the shore next to a ladder ?	two
10845	Rafters are still in the water waiting .	what are still in the water waiting ?	rafters
10846	People play beer pong while other persons watch .	what do people play ?	pong
10848	Then , a man throw a ball inside a cup , and a person drink the liquid in the cup .	where do then , the man throw a ball inside a cup , and a person drink the liquid . ?	cup
10852	We see a blue title card .	what do we see ?	card
10852	We see a blue title card .	what is the color of the card ?	blue
10853	A man and a woman begin dancing in a ballroom .	where do the man and a woman begin dancing . ?	ballroom
10860	We see the blue ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
10860	We see the blue ending screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
10864	A person paint nails to a woman using purple nail polish .	what is the color of the polish ?	purple
10871	A woman wearing a santa hat is talking .	the woman wearing what is talking ?	hat
10873	She puts ribbon around the tree .	what does she put around the tree ?	ribbon
10874	She strings decorations around the tree .	what did she string around the tree ?	decorations
10877	She puts candy canes on the tree .	what does she put on the tree ?	canes
10879	The star falls off the tree .	what falls off the tree ?	star
10879	The star falls off the tree .	what does the star fall off ?	tree
10883	She then takes two sections and intertwines them , and grabs more lengths of hair as she goes down the braid .	she then takes how many sections and intertwines them , and grabs more lengths of hair as she goes down the braid ?	two
10890	A camera pans all around a sky showing kites in the air .	what pans all around a sky showing kites in the air ?	camera
10895	She makes her way back to the start and climbs down the ladder finally looking at the camera .	she makes her way back to the start and climbs down what finally looking at the camera ?	ladder
10897	Then , the woman plays four tam-tams , she mainly plays the tam-tam on front her .	how many tam-tams does then , the woman play , she mainly plays the tam-tam on front her ?	four
10908	He puts onions and other ingredients onto a plate and cuts up several more ingredients .	he puts onions and other ingredients onto a plate and cuts up what ?	ingredients
10909	He places the final ingredients into the bowl while talking to the camera and pans out on the meal he made .	he places what into the bowl while talking to the camera and pans out on the meal he made ?	ingredients
10910	Two male kids are outside on a driveway talking to one another .	how many male kids are outside on the driveway talking to one another ?	two
10912	The two boys arrive at their destination stop and talk then one takes off and the other boy follows him and they keep rollerblading .	how many boys arrive at their destination stop and talk then one takes off and the other boy follows him and they keep rollerblading ?	two
10916	He uses a dryer to blow her hair , then clips it .	what does he use ?	dryer
10919	A man carves a pumpkin and a piece of ice , then the man holds a carved pumpkin and put it on a bench .	what does the man carve a pumpkin and a piece of ice , then the man holds and put it on a bench ?	pumpkin
10922	The carved pumpkins with scary faces and an ice sculptures are displayed in a room .	where are the carved pumpkins with scary faces and an ice sculptures displayed . ?	room
10927	The individual walks towards another individual wearing a red jacket .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
10928	The individual hands the rein for the device to the person in the red jacket and sits on the device .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
10929	The person in the red jacket pulls the device downhill and the first individual rides down the slope .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
10932	A field of two teams are shown fighting over a lacrosse ball in the middle of a large green field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
10939	He picks up several window screens while he talks about them .	what does he pick up ?	screens
10947	A title screen leads into two women stepping up and down on a block .	what leads into two women stepping up and down on a block ?	screen
10950	Two teams are on a field with referees .	how many teams are on the field with referees ?	two
10957	The camera shows the board in the end and the man throwing it .	what shows the board in the end and the man throwing it ?	camera
10966	A person uses a flat equipment to remove melted steel debris .	what does the person use ?	equipment
10967	The person places two dumbbell shaped steel in opening that he is welding .	how many dumbbell shaped steel does the person place in opening that he is welding ?	two
10968	A person uses a flat equipment to clean the welded opening .	what does the person use ?	equipment
10969	A person uses a flat equipment to move the dumbbell shaped steels and then removes them with his hand .	the person uses what and then removes them with his hand ?	equipment
10971	A woman hands from a red bar and does several arm pull ups .	what is the color of the bar ?	red
10974	A person is seen blow leaves around a yard using a leaf blower sitting on his back .	what is the person seen blow around a yard using a leaf blower sitting on his back ?	leaves
10975	The camera follows him as the man moves up and down the yard blowing leaves all around the area .	what follows him as the man moves up and down the yard blowing leaves all around the area ?	camera
10981	A man is spraying the paste on the roof , a male is handing off the pieces , and a guy is adding the pieces to the pasted area on the roof .	what is the man spraying the paste on the roof , a male is handing off the pieces , and a guy is adding to the pasted area on the roof ?	pieces
10984	A drummer is drumming , then the stick broke .	what is the drummer drumming , then broke ?	stick
10985	A boy in blue shirt hit the drum , but the big drum keeps moving , then it fell .	what did the boy in blue shirt hit , but the big drum keeps moving , then it fell ?	drum
10985	A boy in blue shirt hit the drum , but the big drum keeps moving , then it fell .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
10986	A boy with earphones is drumming and the stick got stuck in the instrument .	what is the boy with earphones drumming and got stuck in the instrument ?	stick
10986	A boy with earphones is drumming and the stick got stuck in the instrument .	where is the boy with earphones drumming and the stick got stuck . ?	instrument
10996	The lady plays a flute while looking down a the notes on the papers .	what does the lady play while looking down a the notes on the papers ?	flute
10998	The guy plays a harmonica .	what does the guy play ?	harmonica
11009	Then , the man talks a person in a paint shop , and the person shows him tools in a showcase .	where does then , the man talk a person , and the person shows him tools in a showcase . ?	shop
11011	After , the man puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers a rail .	after , the man puts what on the side of the fence and covers a rail ?	tape
11011	After , the man puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers a rail .	after , the man puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers what ?	rail
11011	After , the man puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers a rail .	what is the color of the tape ?	blue
11012	Then , the man paint the fence with the hose of the machine while wearing a mask .	what do then , the man paint with the hose of the machine ?	fence
11015	In the middle of the circle , a woman is hitting a pinata wrapped in blue wall paper .	what is in the middle of the circle , a woman hitting wrapped in blue wall paper ?	pinata
11015	In the middle of the circle , a woman is hitting a pinata wrapped in blue wall paper .	what is the color of the paper ?	blue
11017	woman is raking dry leaves on a yard .	what is woman raking on a yard ?	leaves
11018	kid kneels and grabs a dry leaf to put it in the trash bin .	what does kid kneel and grabs ?	leaf
11026	bullfighters are holding red cloth nad running to a bull .	what are bullfighters holding running to a bull ?	nad
11026	bullfighters are holding red cloth nad running to a bull .	what is the color of the nad ?	red
11028	A table of food is shown and the person recording grabs a cookie and leaves the room .	what is the table of food shown and grabs a cookie and leaves the room ?	recording
11028	A table of food is shown and the person recording grabs a cookie and leaves the room .	what is the table of food shown and the person recording grabs and leaves the room ?	cookie
11028	A table of food is shown and the person recording grabs a cookie and leaves the room .	what is the table of food shown and the person recording grabs a cookie and leaves ?	room
11031	She sits in a chair , and an employee shoots an earring into her lobe with a piercing gun .	what does she sit in a chair , and an employee shoots into her lobe with a piercing gun ?	earring
11031	She sits in a chair , and an employee shoots an earring into her lobe with a piercing gun .	where does she sit , and an employee shoots an earring into her lobe with a piercing gun . ?	chair
11033	We see three separate intro screens .	what do we see ?	screens
11033	We see three separate intro screens .	how many separate intro screens do we see ?	three
11041	A group of boys play water catch with a yellow ball in an outdoor pool surrounded by a fence and tall trees and foliage .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
11042	The ball is thrown back into the pool and the boys proceed to throw it back out again .	what is thrown back into the pool and the boys proceed to throw it back out again ?	ball
11044	The ingredients are now shown being poured into a large clear bowl getting mixed up with a hand mixer , and instructions occasionally pop up on the screen .	what are now shown being poured into the large clear bowl getting mixed up with a hand mixer , and instructions occasionally pop up on the screen ?	ingredients
11046	The cooked products are then shown on white plates with a cup of coffee and the person picks it up and bites it .	what are then shown on white plates with a cup of coffee and the person picks it up and bites it ?	products
11046	The cooked products are then shown on white plates with a cup of coffee and the person picks it up and bites it .	what is the color of the plates ?	white
11047	The last screen is a youtube promotion of the person 's channel that has 2 small videos you can click on , and wording encouraging you to subscribe .	what is the youtube promotion of the person 's channel that has 2 small videos you can click on , and wording encouraging you to subscribe ?	screen
11047	The last screen is a youtube promotion of the person 's channel that has 2 small videos you can click on , and wording encouraging you to subscribe .	the last screen is a youtube promotion of the person 's channel that has how many small videos you can click on ?	two
11050	man wearing red shorts and grey shirt leading the choreography in front of the people in the room .	what is the color of the shorts ?	red
11050	man wearing red shorts and grey shirt leading the choreography in front of the people in the room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
11055	A man washes another man 's butt .	what does the man wash ?	butt
11058	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
11059	Two sumo wrestlers stand in an arena .	how many sumo wrestlers stand in an arena ?	two
11068	The man puts paper towels over his eyes and under his glasses to absorb sweat from the intensity of the shuffleboard game .	what does the man put over his eyes and under his glasses to absorb sweat from the intensity of the shuffleboard game ?	towels
11070	A woman wearing scuba diving gear is under the water .	the woman wearing what is under the water ?	gear
11071	She explores the ocean floor , looking at the fish and wildlife as a man swims behind her .	what does she explore , ?	floor
11076	There is only one man who juggles white balls in his hands while jogging backwards throughout the whole thing .	how many man is there who juggles white balls in his hands while jogging backwards throughout the whole thing ?	one
11076	There is only one man who juggles white balls in his hands while jogging backwards throughout the whole thing .	what is the color of the balls ?	white
11082	A kite is shown in the sky by a tree .	what is shown in the sky by a tree ?	kite
11084	Various pictures show people bring canoes off a truck and loading them into the water .	what show people bring canoes off a truck and loading them into the water ?	pictures
11086	The barefoot man serve the ball but missed it .	the barefoot man serve what but missed it ?	ball
11087	The man served the ball and hit the wall but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it .	the man served what and hit the wall but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it ?	ball
11087	The man served the ball and hit the wall but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it .	the man served the ball and hit what but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it ?	wall
11090	The woman takes an iron and starts ironing a white shirt in small circular patterns .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
11096	The woman holds up the the shirt after she is done .	what does the woman hold up ?	shirt
11098	The boy throws several balls into the net over and over again hitting directly into the net .	what does the boy throw into the net over and over again hitting directly into the net ?	balls
11100	He drops the bottle from his mouth , smiling .	what does he drop from his mouth , ?	bottle
11102	Two people begin fighting in the circle .	how many people begin fighting in the circle ?	two
11108	The woman holds the dog 's front leg as she talks .	what does the woman hold front leg ?	dog
11109	The woman brushes the dog with a blue brush .	what did the woman brush with a blue brush ?	dog
11109	The woman brushes the dog with a blue brush .	what is the color of the brush ?	blue
11117	A girl in a blue blouse walks and poses in the sand .	what is the color of the blouse ?	blue
11117	A girl in a blue blouse walks and poses in the sand .	where does the girl walk and poses in the sand . ?	blouse
11118	A man wearing a safari hat leads a group of camels with riders in a single file .	the man wearing what leads a group of camels with riders in a single file ?	hat
11119	The camera pans a close up of the camels lying in the sand with their riding saddles on .	what pans the close up of the camels lying in the sand with their riding saddles on ?	camera
11121	The camel caravan arrives to a camp on the beach .	what arrives to the camp on the beach ?	caravan
11123	The camera zooms in on the pit and shows a man kneeling own in front .	what zooms in on the pit and shows a man kneeling own in front ?	camera
11130	A person is seen walking forward and jumping up and down and diving in a pool .	where is the person seen walking forward and jumping up and down and diving . ?	pool
11133	She lists out the tools you need and steps to brush .	she lists out what and steps to brush ?	tools
11134	A man opens a bottle and puts toothpaste on it .	the man opens what and puts toothpaste on it ?	bottle
11134	A man opens a bottle and puts toothpaste on it .	the man opens a bottle and puts what on it ?	toothpaste
11137	A man talks in a blue room then sprays a toy car and pretends to wash it .	the man talks in a blue room then sprays what and pretends to wash it ?	car
11137	A man talks in a blue room then sprays a toy car and pretends to wash it .	what is the color of the room ?	blue
11139	A man and a small boy with high powered hoses wash cars followed by cheerleaders .	what do the man and a small boy with high powered hoses wash followed by cheerleaders ?	cars
11140	We see a black van with people getting out and a man in a top hat touch the car .	what do we see a black van with people getting out and a man in a top hat touch ?	car
11140	We see a black van with people getting out and a man in a top hat touch the car .	what is the color of the van ?	black
11141	The people get in the black van and drive away adn teh car owners stand on the street .	what is the color of the van ?	black
11143	A man is smoking a pipe and blowing smoke rings .	what is the man smoking and blowing smoke rings ?	pipe
11143	A man is smoking a pipe and blowing smoke rings .	what is the man smoking a pipe and blowing ?	rings
11144	The man uses profanity and flips the camera off .	the man uses profanity and flips what off ?	camera
11152	A man in a blue shirt is playing basketball on a court .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
11154	A person in a white shirt is standing behind them on a tennis court .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
11159	The woman goes up one stroke of the razor and begins again .	the woman goes up how many stroke of the razor and begins again ?	one
11161	In a blue room two men are using tools and fixing up the carpet .	what are in the blue room two men using and fixing up the carpet ?	tools
11161	In a blue room two men are using tools and fixing up the carpet .	what are in the blue room two men using tools and fixing up ?	carpet
11161	In a blue room two men are using tools and fixing up the carpet .	how many men are in the blue room using tools and fixing up the carpet ?	two
11161	In a blue room two men are using tools and fixing up the carpet .	what is the color of the room ?	blue
11167	The buck stops and looks left , then right .	what stops and looks left , then right ?	buck
11168	The buck is drinking from a puddle the runs off startled .	what is drinking from the puddle the runs off startled ?	buck
11169	The buck stands in the clearing .	what stands in the clearing ?	buck
11174	The camera pans around several tables of games being played as well as slot machines and people playing with one another .	what pans around several tables of games being played as well as slot machines and people playing with one another ?	camera
11177	The girl brushes the horse 's mane .	what does the girl brush mane ?	horse
11177	The girl brushes the horse 's mane .	what does the girl brush ?	mane
11182	car is being driven in a highway with cars standing on the sides .	what is being driven in the highway with cars standing on the sides ?	car
11182	car is being driven in a highway with cars standing on the sides .	where is car being driven . ?	highway
11183	photo of a iver is shown and he car going through the haighway and arriving to a lake .	what is photo of a iver shown and ?	car
11184	people are in boat paddling in the river and arriving to a camp on pier .	where are people paddling in the river and arriving to a camp on pier . ?	boat
11189	Back sitting on the rowing machine , she rows one more time and places the cables down .	how many more time is back sitting on the rowing machine , she rows and places the cables down ?	one
11196	The person shows the shovel that has behind a weight lifter .	what does the person show ?	shovel
11205	While on a school field , she throws a stick .	what does , she throw ?	stick
11207	She throws a pebble into the beach .	what does she throw into the beach ?	pebble
11208	On a school track , she throws a stick .	what does on the school track , she throw ?	stick
11211	In a grassy field , she throws a stick .	what does in the grassy field , she throw ?	stick
11216	The man pushes the cat down on the paper and folds it around the cat .	the man pushes what down on the paper and folds it around the cat ?	cat
11223	A man wearing a grey t-shirt films himself using a selfie stick while riding on a boat .	what is the color of the films ?	gray
11227	The ddiver films a school of fish a nd bright yellow tropical fish .	the ddiver films a school of fish a nd what ?	fish
11227	The ddiver films a school of fish a nd bright yellow tropical fish .	what is the color of the fish ?	yellow
11230	A black screen advertises the video .	what advertises the video ?	screen
11230	A black screen advertises the video .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
11232	The blade is shown very close to the skin as the man shaves him carefully , rinsing between scrapings .	what is shown very close to the skin as the man shaves him carefully , rinsing between scrapings ?	blade
11233	The screen fades to black as the man finishes the shaving .	what fades to black as the man finishes the shaving ?	screen
11233	The screen fades to black as the man finishes the shaving .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
11234	Two males play table tennis in a small room .	how many males play table tennis in a small room ?	two
11234	Two males play table tennis in a small room .	where do two males play table tennis . ?	room
11237	The camel lifts up an the trainers and other friends stare on .	what lifts up an the trainers and other friends stare on ?	camel
11243	A guy horseback riding chases a cattle .	what does the guy horseback riding chase ?	cattle
11244	The guy lassoes the cattle and gets off his horse to tie up the cattle 's legs .	the guy lassoes what and gets off his horse to tie up the cattle 's legs ?	cattle
11244	The guy lassoes the cattle and gets off his horse to tie up the cattle 's legs .	the guy lassoes the cattle and gets off what ?	horse
11245	Two men remove the rope around the cattle 's neck and legs .	two men remove what around the cattle 's neck and legs ?	rope
11245	Two men remove the rope around the cattle 's neck and legs .	how many men remove the rope around the cattle 's neck and legs ?	two
11246	The cattle rises and runs away .	what rises and runs away ?	cattle
11248	He then screws the tools in place of the holes and the camera pans down the finished area .	what did he then screw in place of the holes and the camera pans down the finished area ?	tools
11254	The person shows his computer screen .	what does the person show ?	screen
11258	The man rotate the little girl and then let walk a little and the girl hit the pinata .	the man rotate the little girl and then let and the girl hit what ?	pinata
11259	A young man hit the pinata ad the kids are lined up to take their turns to hit the pinata .	what did the young man hit ?	ad
11260	A wrestler in maroon brief is provoking the black man .	what is the color of the man ?	black
11261	The black man attacked the other wrestler but he was knocked down .	what is the color of the man ?	black
11262	The wrestler with maroon brief carried the black man and slam him on the floor .	what is the color of the man ?	black
11266	One of the players hits the ball to his opponent by punching it with his fist .	what does one of the players hit to his opponent by punching it with his fist ?	ball
11267	Another player returns the ball by kicking it across the net .	what does another player return by kicking it across the net ?	ball
11269	An open field is covered in snow and then suddenly a large bear appears on a table and is then put in a box .	what is an open field covered in snow and then suddenly appears on a table and is then put in a box ?	bear
11269	An open field is covered in snow and then suddenly a large bear appears on a table and is then put in a box .	where is an open field covered in snow and then suddenly a large bear appears on a table and is then put . ?	box
11271	The box is then placed on top of the counter and wrapping paper is put on both ends to about six inches up the box .	what is then placed on top of the counter and wrapping paper is put on both ends to about six inches up the box ?	box
11271	The box is then placed on top of the counter and wrapping paper is put on both ends to about six inches up the box .	what is the box then placed on top of the counter and is put on both ends to about six inches up the box ?	paper
11273	After being taped , several red glitter bows are placed on top of the wrapping paper .	what is after being taped , are placed on top of the wrapping paper ?	bows
11273	After being taped , several red glitter bows are placed on top of the wrapping paper .	what is the color of the bows ?	red
11275	The socks are then placed in a tube and covered in the silver wrapping paper .	what are then placed in the tube and covered in the silver wrapping paper ?	socks
11275	The socks are then placed in a tube and covered in the silver wrapping paper .	where are the socks then placed and covered in the silver wrapping paper . ?	tube
11280	He stops to play with the mop a bit and pushes a box back under a stand .	he stops and pushes what back under a stand ?	box
11281	A woman in a black shirt is dancing in a room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
11281	A woman in a black shirt is dancing in a room .	where is the woman in a black shirt dancing . ?	room
11288	We see a black opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
11288	We see a black opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
11290	We see a title screen then two men stand on the beach with a camera .	we see a title screen then how many men stand on the beach with a camera ?	two
11295	We then see the closing title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
11304	Two boys play an intense game of table soccer .	how many boys play an intense game of table soccer ?	two
11307	The man then bends down and grabs the bar while still speaking to the camera .	the man then bends down and grabs what while still speaking to the camera ?	bar
11308	The man lifts the bar up then back down again while still speaking to the camera .	what does the man lift up then back down again while still speaking to the camera ?	bar
11309	A man in a white tuxedo is led to a pinata by a woman in a wedding dress .	what is the color of the tuxedo ?	white
11309	A man in a white tuxedo is led to a pinata by a woman in a wedding dress .	where is the man led to a pinata by a woman in a wedding dress . ?	tuxedo
11312	He rolls a tire over to a piece of equipment .	what does he roll over to a piece of equipment ?	tire
11317	A woman in a black dress is playing a bag pipe on stage .	what is the woman in a black dress playing on stage ?	pipe
11317	A woman in a black dress is playing a bag pipe on stage .	what is the color of the dress ?	black
11318	The word `` Ilbo '' is in a red font and scrolls down on the left hand side of the screen .	what is the color of the font ?	red
11319	The camera zooms into the woman 's fingers .	what zooms into the woman 's fingers ?	camera
11320	The camera shifts to somebody playing a piano .	what shifts to somebody playing a piano ?	camera
11321	A band is also playing musical instruments in the background .	what is the band also playing in the background ?	instruments
11322	The camera zooms into the face of the woman playing the bag pipe .	what zooms into the face of the woman playing the bag pipe ?	camera
11324	Two women are washing dishes in the kitchen .	how many women are washing dishes in the kitchen ?	two
11324	Two women are washing dishes in the kitchen .	where are two women washing dishes . ?	kitchen
11327	A man is wearing protective gear .	what is the man wearing ?	gear
11331	A man runs and does a successful pole vault .	what does the man run and does ?	vault
11332	He stands up from the pad and picks up the pole .	he stands up from the pad and picks up what ?	pole
11333	A camera pans around a park as well as a lake and a man speaking to the camera .	what pans around the park as well as a lake and a man speaking to the camera ?	camera
11334	The camera pans around a canoe filled with objects and leads into the man padding down and speaking to the camera .	what pans around the canoe filled with objects and leads into the man padding down and speaking to the camera ?	camera
11339	A white screen appears with black text that comes in twice on the screen and then scrolls off screen while fading out .	what appears with black text that comes in twice on the screen and then scrolls off screen while fading out ?	screen
11339	A white screen appears with black text that comes in twice on the screen and then scrolls off screen while fading out .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
11339	A white screen appears with black text that comes in twice on the screen and then scrolls off screen while fading out .	what is the color of the text ?	black
11340	Three children in life vests and two supervising adults are on a raft waiting to go rafting .	how many children in life vests and two supervising adults are on a raft waiting to go rafting ?	three
11342	There is a yellow text that comes on screen showing the locations they are at .	what is the color of the text ?	yellow
11343	The children are at the destination as one young girl comes close to the cam and waves at it .	the children are at the destination as how many young girl comes close to the cam and waves at it ?	one
11349	A woman is chopping up a potato .	what is the woman chopping up ?	potato
11350	She adds the potato to a large pot of water .	what does she add to a large pot of water ?	potato
11352	She mixes it all together in a bowl .	where does she mix it . ?	bowl
11357	The man hits the backdrop and it collapses .	what does the man hit and it collapses ?	backdrop
11367	Two people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into several clips of people playing volleyball with one another .	how many people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into several clips of people playing volleyball with one another ?	two
11373	A person folds a blue cloth , wrapping it around a snow brush neatly .	what is the color of the cloth ?	blue
11376	Several scuba divers are seen swimming around the ocean while sharks move around them underneath .	what are seen swimming around the ocean while sharks move around them underneath ?	divers
11377	The camera continuously follows the sharks around the water and the scuba divers interact with one another while they move .	what continuously follows the sharks around the water and the scuba divers interact with one another while they move ?	camera
11377	The camera continuously follows the sharks around the water and the scuba divers interact with one another while they move .	what does the camera continuously follow around the water and the scuba divers interact with one another ?	sharks
11380	She picks up a knife sharpener and sharpens the knife .	she picks up what and sharpens the knife ?	sharpener
11380	She picks up a knife sharpener and sharpens the knife .	she picks up a knife sharpener and sharpens what ?	knife
11382	The men gather around the field where two bulls are .	the men gather around the field where how many bulls are ?	two
11383	The bulls are encouraged to fight with their horns while the people watch .	what are encouraged to fight with their horns while the people watch ?	bulls
11384	A small baby hits a bongo in a room .	where does the small baby hit a bongo . ?	room
11390	Two teams of men play beer pong together as a man stands behind them holding a camera in the air .	what do two teams of men play together ?	pong
11390	Two teams of men play beer pong together as a man stands behind them holding a camera in the air .	how many teams of men play beer pong together as a man stands behind them holding a camera in the air ?	two
11391	We switch and see other teams in the room playing and see two ladies talking .	we switch and see other teams in the room playing and see how many ladies talking ?	two
11393	We see the ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
11396	The men are kicking the ball away from each other .	what are the men kicking away from each other ?	ball
11398	Two wrestlers meet at a table inside a wrestling ring .	how many wrestlers meet at the table inside a wrestling ring ?	two
11403	A dog is running by a lake .	what is running by the lake ?	dog
11411	A man in a black Speedo is standing on a diving board with his hand down on his sides .	what is the color of the man ?	black
11415	The people hit the ball all along the field while a ref watches them on the side .	what did the people hit all along the field ?	ball
11417	A large kite is seen flying over a beach with people wandering around on the sides .	what is seen flying over the beach with people wandering around on the sides ?	kite
11419	Another kite is shown flying beside his and leads into a show of the ocean .	what is shown flying beside his and leads into a show of the ocean ?	kite
11423	A boy mows a backyard using a mower that has a collecting bag on back .	what does the boy mow using a mower that has a collecting bag on back ?	backyard
11423	A boy mows a backyard using a mower that has a collecting bag on back .	the boy mows a backyard using what ?	mower
11425	A car commercial begins with numerous people washing a vehicle as it goes through a professional car wash .	what begins with numerous people washing a vehicle as it goes through a professional car wash ?	commercial
11429	The boy is holding a long stick and wearing a blindfold .	what is the boy holding and wearing a blindfold ?	stick
11429	The boy is holding a long stick and wearing a blindfold .	what is the boy holding a long stick and wearing ?	blindfold
11431	The boy swings and hits the pinata once .	the boy swings and hits what once ?	pinata
11435	We see a green opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
11435	We see a green opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	green
11439	We then see the finished product .	what do we then see ?	product
11441	A man in a black shirt is squatting on a couch and smoking hookah .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
11446	The camera zooms in to show the car 's front right wheel .	what zooms in to show the car 's front right wheel ?	camera
11447	The camera zooms out to show the man spraying the car with soap .	what zooms out to show the man spraying the car with soap ?	camera
11448	The camera zooms in again to show the soap running down the back of the car , then the camera moves to show the left side of the car .	what zooms in again to show the soap running down the back of the car , then the camera moves to show the left side of the car ?	camera
11448	The camera zooms in again to show the soap running down the back of the car , then the camera moves to show the left side of the car .	what does the camera zoom in again , then moves to show the left side of the car ?	camera
11449	Then two men spray water on the car to wash the soap off .	how many men did then spray water on the car to wash the soap off ?	two
11453	A woman spins a blindfold person holding a stick on front a pinata .	what does the woman spin holding a stick on front a pinata ?	person
11460	The camera switches to a more side view of the dog .	what switches to the more side view of the dog ?	camera
11461	The camera switches to a more top down view of the dog .	what switches to the more top down view of the dog ?	camera
11463	He uses the sponge to wipe black mud all over a boy .	what is the color of the mud ?	black
11464	Other people are covering people in paint .	where are other people covering people . ?	paint
11466	We see a title screen on white .	what do we see on white ?	screen
11473	The dog is seen walking on it 's two legs and hops down in the end .	what is seen walking on it 's two legs and hops down in the end ?	dog
11476	We see a man in red run on the screen and walk back .	what is the color of the run ?	red
11478	They can not get the lens in at the eye at first and try over and over again .	what can they not get in at the eye at first and try over and over again ?	lens
11484	He grabs a beer and then kisses the girls .	he grabs what and then kisses the girls ?	beer
11486	The male does it again and more girls in the restaurant begins to kiss him .	where does the male do it again and more girls begins to kiss him . ?	restaurant
11488	He is in the pool playing water polo with a yellow ball and two other people .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
11489	He throws the ball across and the people sitting by the pool and watching him play cheer loudly .	what does he throw across and the people sitting by the pool and watching him play cheer loudly ?	ball
11490	Two men are seen wearing boxing gloves and punching and kicking one another .	how many men are seen wearing boxing gloves and punching and kicking one another ?	two
11492	A boy runs into the shot and kicks a soccer ball .	the boy runs into the shot and kicks what ?	ball
11493	The ball lobs toward a crowd in a park .	what lobs toward the crowd in a park ?	ball
11495	One boy eventually kicks the ball back toward the camera .	what does one boy eventually kick back toward the camera ?	ball
11495	One boy eventually kicks the ball back toward the camera .	how many boy eventually kicks the ball back toward the camera ?	one
11496	A girl comes in from the sidelines and kicks the ball back toward the crowd of boys and the kids continue this cycle of kicking .	the girl comes in from the sidelines and kicks what back toward the crowd of boys and the kids continue this cycle of kicking ?	ball
11501	The man finishes putting the carpet down and the camera zooming in on his work .	what does the man finish and zooming in on his work ?	camera
11504	The camera pans down to show the various items on the table before him .	what pans down to show the various items on the table before him ?	camera
11505	The camera pans back up to the man .	what pans back up to the man ?	camera
11509	A boat appears in the river behind the person , while the person water ski .	what appears in the river behind the person , while the person water ski ?	boat
11511	woman is wearing a purple shit lifting weight .	what is the color of the weight ?	purple
11513	two women are in a gym room doing exercise .	how many women are in the gym room doing exercise ?	two
11518	A camera pans around a large yard to show two people moving a wooden bar .	what pans around the large yard to show two people moving a wooden bar ?	camera
11518	A camera pans around a large yard to show two people moving a wooden bar .	how many people does the camera pan around a large yard to show moving a wooden bar ?	two
11519	One man then steps on the bar and begins using a tool to cut down hedges .	how many man then steps on the bar and begins using a tool to cut down hedges ?	one
11520	The man looks back to the speak to the camera and the men move the bar .	what does the man look back to the speak to the camera and the men move ?	bar
11524	The guy does two push ups .	how many push ups does the guy do ?	two
11526	The guy jumps high and the rope gets tangled again .	what does the guy jump high and gets tangled again ?	rope
11533	A man in a black shirt walks past the camera and stands their for a moment .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
11537	One man runs forward and a large cloud of smoke spins around and a man waves his arms in the air while another helps .	how many man runs forward and the large cloud of smoke spins around ?	one
11541	A man sits in a barber chair .	where does the man sit . ?	chair
11543	He shaves stars into his head .	what does he shave into his head ?	stars
11550	A girl in a blue swimsuit takes the bat and starts swinging at the pinata .	what is the color of the swimsuit ?	blue
11557	We are shown various sea life .	what are we shown ?	life
11562	A man in the kitchen appears and he 's putting seasonings into a pan and he starts swishing the pan around .	where does the man appear and he 's putting seasonings into a pan and he starts swishing the pan around . ?	kitchen
11564	A large piece of raw meat appears on a white plate and the word Reuben flashes a few times on it as it 's shown in various different angles .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
11565	An empty large clear bowl is shown and mayonnaise , ketchup , relish , worcesterchire sauce , and hot sauce get spooned into the bowl .	what is shown and mayonnaise , ketchup , relish , worcesterchire sauce , and hot sauce get spooned into the bowl ?	bowl
11568	Some white shredded food gets thrown onto the grill and is stirred around by a black spatula .	what is the color of the food ?	white
11568	Some white shredded food gets thrown onto the grill and is stirred around by a black spatula .	what is the color of the spatula ?	black
11570	One player kicks the ball into the goal before going for the opposing goal .	what does one player kick into the goal before going for the opposing goal ?	ball
11570	One player kicks the ball into the goal before going for the opposing goal .	how many player kicks the ball into the goal before going for the opposing goal ?	one
11573	A woman is sitting down in a chair playing an accordion .	where is the woman sitting down playing an accordion . ?	chair
11578	After , the person uses a machine on the legs , and then a picture shows the legs before and after shave .	what does after , the person use a machine on the legs , and then shows the legs before and after shave ?	picture
11583	Then , the man uses a tool to loose the rime , then the machine removes the rubber tire .	what does then , the man use to loose the rime , then the machine removes the rubber tire ?	tool
11583	Then , the man uses a tool to loose the rime , then the machine removes the rubber tire .	what does then , the man use a tool to loose the rime , then removes the rubber tire ?	machine
11583	Then , the man uses a tool to loose the rime , then the machine removes the rubber tire .	what does then , the man use a tool to loose the rime , then the machine removes ?	tire
11590	A man in a blue shirt is watching one of the men .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
11591	A man in a gray shirt is mimicking the person lifting the weight .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
11593	Several boys make baskets while still speaking to one another an the coach moves in and speaks to the boys .	several boys make what and speaks to the boys ?	baskets
11594	He walks away and more drills are shown with the boys .	what does he walk away and are shown with the boys ?	drills
11598	A woman named Julie Artzt Becker is holding her violin is sitting and talking in front of a blue screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
11599	The woman puts the violin up to her chin and continues to talk .	the woman puts what up to her chin and continues to talk ?	violin
11601	Eventually the woman stops talking and ends with a smile and the words `` Howcast original '' appear on the white screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
11602	Two men are fighting in an asian art form outside .	how many men are fighting in an asian art form outside ?	two
11614	He then sticks his paddle in the water and begins moving along .	he then sticks what in the water and begins moving along ?	paddle
11616	A person is holding a red leaf blower .	what is the person holding ?	blower
11616	A person is holding a red leaf blower .	what is the color of the blower ?	red
11618	They show the leaf blower again .	what do they show again ?	blower
11620	The girl then swings the stick around the air aiming for the pinata and hitting the object several times .	what does the girl then swing around the air aiming for the pinata and hitting the object several times ?	stick
11624	A lot of men are standing outdoors on a dirt field and there are two teams standing along a rope while a lot of people are standing around watching them .	how many teams are there standing along a rope while a lot of people are standing around watching them ?	two
11625	The men wearing yellow and blue shirts pick up the rope and are getting in position to play tug o war .	what are the men wearing yellow and blue shirts pick up and are getting in position to play tug o war ?	rope
11627	The men in the yellow and blue shirts are easily pulling the rope and they have won while the people around them cheer .	what are the men in the yellow and blue shirts easily pulling and they have won while the people around them cheer ?	rope
11628	Cigarettes are placed down on a table .	what are placed down on the table ?	cigarettes
11635	The bathroom transforms into a factory .	what transforms into the factory ?	bathroom
11636	The girl picks up a toothbrush and continues to talk .	the girl picks up what and continues to talk ?	toothbrush
11638	The girl brushes her teeth and the factory changes back to a bathroom .	what does the girl brush her teeth and changes back to a bathroom ?	factory
11640	A man wearing a black cape is getting his beard shaved .	the man wearing what is getting his beard shaved ?	cape
11640	A man wearing a black cape is getting his beard shaved .	what is the color of the cape ?	black
11641	A person puts a white towel over the man 's face .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
11649	The couple finishes and leaves the dance floor .	what does the couple finish and leaves ?	floor
11653	There 's a person dressed in a blue track suit demonstrating how to use a rowing machine .	what is the color of the suit ?	blue
11661	A camera pans away from a set of exercise equipment and leads into a woman 's feet moving along .	what pans away from the set of exercise equipment and leads into a woman 's feet moving along ?	camera
11663	Two men play squash in a room .	how many men play squash in a room ?	two
11663	Two men play squash in a room .	where do two men play squash . ?	room
11665	Then , the two men continues playing squash .	how many men does then , continue playing squash ?	two
11666	A man pick up a ball from the floor and continues squash .	the man pick up a ball from the floor and continues what ?	squash
11667	Two sets of people are in the middle of the woods kayaking , in vibrant white water surrounded by large rocks .	how many sets of people are in the middle of the woods kayaking , in vibrant white water surrounded by large rocks ?	two
11667	Two sets of people are in the middle of the woods kayaking , in vibrant white water surrounded by large rocks .	what is the color of the water ?	white
11670	Shortly after , the man in the blue jacket follows suit and comes behind them .	shortly after , the man in the blue jacket follows what and comes behind them ?	suit
11670	Shortly after , the man in the blue jacket follows suit and comes behind them .	what is the color of the jacket ?	blue
11671	Lastly , they take two pictures with the forest as back drop near a brown sign with white words reading Great Falls Overlook .	how many pictures do lastly , they take with the forest as back drop near a brown sign with white words reading great falls overlook ?	two
11671	Lastly , they take two pictures with the forest as back drop near a brown sign with white words reading Great Falls Overlook .	what is the color of the sign ?	brown
11671	Lastly , they take two pictures with the forest as back drop near a brown sign with white words reading Great Falls Overlook .	what is the color of the reading ?	white
11672	The person is squeezing the lemons in the squeezer .	what is the person squeezing in the squeezer ?	lemons
11672	The person is squeezing the lemons in the squeezer .	where is the person squeezing the lemons . ?	squeezer
11673	The person pour the lemon into the white spray bottle and added water .	the person pour what into the white spray bottle and added water ?	lemon
11673	The person pour the lemon into the white spray bottle and added water .	what is the color of the bottle ?	white
11674	The person spray the lemon juice in a bow and rub the bowl with sponge .	the person spray what in a bow and rub the bowl with sponge ?	juice
11674	The person spray the lemon juice in a bow and rub the bowl with sponge .	the person spray the lemon juice in a bow and rub what with sponge ?	bowl
11676	The javelin flies in the air and lands in the green track , then a man runs toward it .	what is the color of the track ?	green
11680	Several pictures are shown of people shining shoes for others in various locations using rags and brushes on their shoes .	what are shown of people shining shoes for others in various locations using rags and brushes on their shoes ?	pictures
11682	A door with red signs are covering it .	what is the color of the signs ?	red
11686	Another man with a blue guitar is playing and knocking around all over his guitar .	what is the color of the guitar ?	blue
11687	A man in a red shirt who has an electric guitar is tapping his foot keeping tempo and playing a tune .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
11690	She rolls the lemons on a table and cut them into halves .	she rolls what on a table and cut them into halves ?	lemons
11691	Then she juices the lemon and pours the mixture into a large pot with sugar .	then she juices what and pours the mixture into a large pot with sugar ?	lemon
11692	She boils the pot and pours the final result into several glasses , enjoying a sip in the end .	she boils what and pours the final result into several glasses , enjoying a sip in the end ?	pot
11693	A boar bristle brush is shown , then a video dvd of how to shave .	what bristle brush is shown , then a video dvd of how to shave ?	boar
11698	The dog goes on and then the man is seen walking off of the field .	what goes on and then the man is seen walking off of the field ?	dog
11699	However , a lady remains and her and her dog begin doing Frisbee and tricks at the Purina Dog challenge .	what does however , the lady remain and begin doing frisbee and tricks at the purina dog challenge ?	dog
11705	After , the man passes over an iceberg and spins , then snowboard over a big iceberg .	, then snowboard over what ?	iceberg
11712	The video cuts to another person in a green shirt getting help to try to climb the wall .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
11713	The video shows a split screen with two views of a man climbing the wall .	what does the video show split with two views of a man climbing the wall ?	screen
11716	We see the opening credits on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
11717	We then see a man coaching a man in a garage and talking to the camera .	where do we then see a man coaching a man and talking to the camera . ?	garage
11718	The man in gray gets on his knee on the blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
11721	We see a title screen and see the kneeling man holding a machine which he pulls down and out .	we see what and see the kneeling man holding a machine which he pulls down and out ?	screen
11727	A white screen with blue and white shapes and black words flash across the screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
11727	A white screen with blue and white shapes and black words flash across the screen .	what is the color of the words ?	black
11728	A smiling black man is in a residential kitchen and he 's wearing a santa hat and pouring ingredients into a large bowl .	what is the smiling black man in a residential kitchen and he 's wearing and pouring ingredients into a large bowl ?	hat
11728	A smiling black man is in a residential kitchen and he 's wearing a santa hat and pouring ingredients into a large bowl .	what is the smiling black man in a residential kitchen and he 's wearing a santa hat and pouring into a large bowl ?	ingredients
11728	A smiling black man is in a residential kitchen and he 's wearing a santa hat and pouring ingredients into a large bowl .	what is the color of the man ?	black
11728	A smiling black man is in a residential kitchen and he 's wearing a santa hat and pouring ingredients into a large bowl .	where is the smiling black man and he 's wearing a santa hat and pouring ingredients into a large bowl . ?	kitchen
11731	The man greases a 10x3 round cake pan and covers it with parchment paper .	the man greases what pan and covers it with parchment paper ?	cake
11733	A large rectangular metal pan appears with instructions that say to fill it with a pan of hot water .	what appears with instructions that say to fill it with a pan of hot water ?	pan
11737	The man removes his blindfold as some of the others approach him .	what does the man remove ?	blindfold
11738	two men enter a squash court to compete in a game of squash .	how many men enter the squash court to compete in a game of squash ?	two
11739	One man is wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing a dark shirt .	what is one man wearing and the other man is wearing a dark shirt ?	shirt
11739	One man is wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing a dark shirt .	what is one man wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing ?	shirt
11739	One man is wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing a dark shirt .	how many man is wearing the white shirt ?	one
11739	One man is wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing a dark shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
11742	A girl in a pink blouse enters the squash court as another man enters the court .	where does the girl enter the squash court as another man enters the court . ?	blouse
11743	Several pictures lead into clips of people riding down a river on canoes and kayaks .	what lead into clips of people riding down a river on canoes and kayaks ?	pictures
11748	The lady rings out the water from a garment then tosses it aside when done washing it .	what out the water from a garment then tosses it aside when done washing it ?	rings
11753	Several clips are shown of people sitting at tables gambling as well as laughing to the camera .	what are shown of people sitting at tables gambling as well as laughing to the camera ?	clips
11754	More pictures are shown of people at the casino as well as video of them wandering around the area .	what are shown of people at the casino as well as video of them wandering around the area ?	pictures
11755	The camera focuses on a man piloting a sailboat in a harbor environment .	what focuses on the man piloting a sailboat in a harbor environment ?	camera
11756	The boat 's sail dips into the water .	what 's sail dips into the water ?	boat
11764	The driver then uses an electric car jack to lift the car wheel up instead .	what does the driver then use ?	jack
11766	The woman puts a new tire on the car and bolts it in place .	the woman puts what on the car and bolts it in place ?	tire
11767	The woman lowers the car wheel off of the jack .	what does the woman lower off of the jack ?	wheel
11769	The man hooks a charger up to the car battery .	what does the man hook up to the car battery ?	charger
11770	A man kneel on a ball and holds a rod .	the man kneel on a ball and holds what ?	rod
11773	A woman is mopping the white tiled floor with a mop .	what is the woman mopping with a mop ?	floor
11773	A woman is mopping the white tiled floor with a mop .	what is the color of the floor ?	white
11774	A black woman does a routine on the balance beam .	what is the color of the woman ?	black
11786	A man throws a ball into a cup .	what does the man throw into a cup ?	ball
11787	Another man throws a ball into a cup .	what does another man throw into a cup ?	ball
11788	The two men pick up a cup and drink it .	the two men pick up what and drink it ?	cup
11788	The two men pick up a cup and drink it .	how many men pick up the cup and drink it ?	two
11793	The man pushes his helmet up and replaces the wires and sands the same area again .	the man pushes what up and replaces the wires and sands the same area again ?	helmet
11794	He places his gloves down and shows the weld he finished .	he places what down and shows the weld he finished ?	gloves
11794	He places his gloves down and shows the weld he finished .	he places his gloves down and shows what ?	weld
11796	He sprays the sun screen on his arm and rubs it in .	he sprays what on his arm and rubs it in ?	screen
11797	A man wearing a blue shirt throws a bowling ball down a bowling alley .	the man wearing what throws a bowling ball down a bowling alley ?	shirt
11797	A man wearing a blue shirt throws a bowling ball down a bowling alley .	what is the man wearing a blue shirt throws bowling down a bowling alley ?	ball
11797	A man wearing a blue shirt throws a bowling ball down a bowling alley .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
11798	The ball strikes both pins and bounces into the adjoining alley striking the pin down there too .	what strikes both pins and bounces into the adjoining alley striking the pin down there too ?	ball
11799	A seated man in a red shirt shakes his head .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
11800	The man in the blue shirt walks back .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
11802	Curlers ar shown as they take different shot and sweep down the ice .	what ar shown as they take different shot and sweep down the ice ?	curlers
11808	A little baby boy is sitting in his high chair dipping a fork into a glass of chocolate milk being held by an adult .	where is the little baby boy sitting dipping a fork into a glass of chocolate milk being held by an adult . ?	chair
11809	The adult takes several turn dipping the fork in the cup and licking it .	where does the adult take several turn dipping the fork and licking it . ?	cup
11811	A christmas tree is shown followed by several people moving in fast motion hanging up a set of lights .	what is shown followed by several people moving in fast motion hanging up a set of lights ?	tree
11816	The man then stands up and holds the barbell to his chest .	the man then stands up and holds what to his chest ?	barbell
11818	There are four men posing in a bowling alley , all are wearing yellow shirts and their team name text say 's `` nerdist '' .	what are there four men posing in a bowling alley , all are wearing and their team name text say 's `` nerdist '' ?	shirts
11818	There are four men posing in a bowling alley , all are wearing yellow shirts and their team name text say 's `` nerdist '' .	how many men are there posing in a bowling alley ?	four
11818	There are four men posing in a bowling alley , all are wearing yellow shirts and their team name text say 's `` nerdist '' .	what is the color of the shirts ?	yellow
11820	Large yellow words on the screen appear and it say 's `` Team Nerdist Wins ! ''	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
11823	We see a title card on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
11826	A man jumps a fire hydrant .	what does the man jump ?	hydrant
11829	The camera slows down and the scene ends .	what slows down and the scene ends ?	camera
11830	We see a black screen and credits .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
11831	A young man pumps up and down kneeling on both legs .	what up and down kneeling on both legs ?	pumps
11836	A bull is in a ring , looking at the bullfighters on the outside .	what is in the ring , looking at the bullfighters on the outside ?	bull
11841	A man in a gray sweat shirt is standing at a bus stop .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
11844	A man in black pants is standing on a roof and nailing a long shingle onto the roof .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
11845	A man in blue shorts appears on the right and is also nailing long shingles on the roof .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
11846	The zoom goes in on the an wearing long black pants and he 's nailing shingles onto the outside perimeter of the roof .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
11853	A news anchor in white coat is talking in front of the camera .	what is the color of the coat ?	white
11854	The player kicked the ball and hit the goal .	the player kicked what and hit the goal ?	ball
11855	Team in white uniforms stayed at the court and cheered .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	white
11858	Then , the woman lifts the two legs straight .	how many legs does then , the woman lift straight ?	two
11860	The little boy sits in the blue kayak holding paddles .	what is the color of the paddles ?	blue
11862	The camera turns around a few times to show the trees and the sky .	what turns around the few times to show the trees and the sky ?	camera
11863	There are four kids of varying ages playing kick ball in their backyard .	how many kids are there of varying ages playing kick ball in their backyard ?	four
11864	The girl in pink kicks the ball to her brother in the orange shirt while the little kids run around and play .	what does the girl in pink kick to her brother in the orange shirt ?	ball
11864	The girl in pink kicks the ball to her brother in the orange shirt while the little kids run around and play .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
11869	He cleans the tool and puts it away .	he cleans what and puts it away ?	tool
11872	She grabs some red ribbon and begins to tie into a bow .	she grabs what and begins to tie into a bow ?	ribbon
11872	She grabs some red ribbon and begins to tie into a bow .	what is the color of the ribbon ?	red
11874	Hair styling tools are shown in closeup .	what are shown in closeup ?	tools
11874	Hair styling tools are shown in closeup .	where are hair styling tools shown . ?	closeup
11887	A boy in a white shirt walks out with a boy in a blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
11887	A boy in a white shirt walks out with a boy in a blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
11891	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
11893	The lady puts drops of white paint on her finger nails .	what is the color of the paint ?	white
11894	The lady uses a toothpick and drags it through the white paint .	the lady uses what and drags it through the white paint ?	toothpick
11894	The lady uses a toothpick and drags it through the white paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	white
11897	Two men are sitting at the table with their arms on the table , they are positioned for arm wrestling .	how many men are sitting at the table with their arms on the table ?	two
11898	A in blue shirt is standing at the center holding both hands of the player .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
11900	A dog is swimming in a small pool .	what is swimming in the small pool ?	dog
11900	A dog is swimming in a small pool .	where is the dog swimming . ?	pool
11903	A person is spraying the dog with a hose .	what is the person spraying with a hose ?	dog
11904	The dog is then put in a metal pen .	what is then put in the metal pen ?	dog
11904	The dog is then put in a metal pen .	where is the dog then put . ?	pen
11907	He pushes a tube into the tire and adjusts the wires using a device .	he pushes what into the tire and adjusts the wires using a device ?	tube
11908	He tests the wheel out thoroughly and assures the bike is ready to go .	he tests what out thoroughly and assures the bike is ready to go ?	wheel
11910	She picks up a flute and starts playing .	she picks up what and starts playing ?	flute
11911	She puts the flue down on her lap and continues talking .	she puts what down on her lap and continues talking ?	flue
11912	She puts the flute back up to her mouth and continues to play .	she puts what back up to her mouth and continues to play ?	flute
11913	She puts the flute back down and nods her head .	she puts what back down and nods her head ?	flute
11914	She puts the flute back up to her lips and plays .	she puts what back up to her lips and plays ?	flute
11916	Another boat is seen in the water behind them .	what is seen in the water behind them ?	boat
11917	They are going around yellow cones in the water .	what is the color of the cones ?	yellow
11920	Two pairs of men are getting ready to box .	how many pairs of men are getting ready to box ?	two
11926	A woman dressed in a black tank top and black tights is doing stomach crunches on a mat .	what is the color of the top ?	black
11926	A woman dressed in a black tank top and black tights is doing stomach crunches on a mat .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
11930	Two people are seen playing with one another while the camera shows the table in several spots and the boys high fiving one another .	how many people are seen playing with one another while the camera shows the table in several spots and the boys high fiving one another ?	two
11932	More pictures are shown of people plastering with various text images shown inside .	what are shown of people plastering with various text images shown inside ?	pictures
11934	He is putting training wheels on the back wheel of the bike .	what is he putting training on the back wheel of the bike ?	wheels
11939	A man swings a baseball bat .	what does the man swing ?	bat
11940	He hits a ball and it goes onto a roof .	what does he hit and it goes onto a roof ?	ball
11941	A man is running and throwing a ball .	what is the man running and throwing ?	ball
11945	She holds up the drink while talking .	what does she hold up while talking ?	drink
11946	Two groups of men wearing uniforms , one with dark shirts and one with white shirts , are playing on an indoor volleyball court .	how many groups of men is wearing uniforms , one with dark shirts and one with white shirts , are playing on an indoor volleyball court ?	two
11946	Two groups of men wearing uniforms , one with dark shirts and one with white shirts , are playing on an indoor volleyball court .	what is the color of the shirts ?	white
11948	Two vacuums one taller and one is shorter is show .	how many vacuums one taller and one is shorter is show ?	two
11951	A woman is walking at the factory , then a person is drawing the vacuum in a white sheet .	what is the color of the sheet ?	white
11952	A person irons a brown paper .	what is the color of the paper ?	brown
11955	The person leaves the iron on a new brown paper .	what is the color of the paper ?	brown
11958	A cat is in a woman 's lap in the bathroom .	what is in the woman 's lap in the bathroom ?	cat
11961	A woman is scrubbing a white chair with a yellow sponge .	what is the woman scrubbing with a yellow sponge ?	chair
11961	A woman is scrubbing a white chair with a yellow sponge .	what is the color of the chair ?	white
11961	A woman is scrubbing a white chair with a yellow sponge .	what is the color of the sponge ?	yellow
11962	She is now pouring something onto a rag and washing a white table .	what is the color of the table ?	white
11969	A man dressed in a blue uniform is fighting against a male dressed in an all red uniform .	what is the color of the uniform ?	blue
11971	After , the referee drops down and pounds the mat counting down the end of the match .	what does after , the referee drop down and pounds counting down the end of the match ?	mat
11973	She squeezes the side of her right eye and pokes out a contact lens .	she squeezes the side of her right eye and pokes out contact what ?	lens
11974	She moves on to her left eye and pokes out a contact lens .	she moves on to her left eye and pokes out contact what ?	lens
11981	A new segment leads into clips of a woman speaking to the camera and holding up a bow and arrow .	what leads into clips of a woman speaking to the camera and holding up a bow and arrow ?	segment
11982	The girl shoots the bow while still speaking to the camera and bending the bow .	what does the girl shoot while still speaking to the camera and bending the bow ?	bow
11985	The girl mixes ingredients together in a pot .	what does the girl mix together in a pot ?	ingredients
11985	The girl mixes ingredients together in a pot .	where does the girl mix ingredients . ?	pot
11986	The girl adds dried ingredients to the pot .	what does the girl add to the pot ?	ingredients
11989	There 's a brown horse tied outside a polo club .	what does there 's tied outside a polo club ?	horse
11989	There 's a brown horse tied outside a polo club .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
11995	There 's a British flag flying high in the field .	what does there 's flying high in the field ?	flag
12001	two kids are in a litle car watching a little kid holding a pole hitting a lightning mcqueen pinata .	how many kids are in the litle car watching a little kid holding a pole hitting a lightning mcqueen pinata ?	two
12003	There are two people talking about stilts used by stunt men .	how many people are there talking about stilts used by stunt men ?	two
12006	Henry , the guy dressed in the white shirt is showing how high he can jump with the stilts and perform stunts .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
12011	A white screen is shown and several words are shown on the screen .	what is shown and several words are shown on the screen ?	screen
12011	A white screen is shown and several words are shown on the screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
12012	Then a blue mat is shown and an individual begins sweeping and laying the blue mat against the mat .	what is then shown and an individual begins sweeping and laying the blue mat against the mat ?	mat
12012	Then a blue mat is shown and an individual begins sweeping and laying the blue mat against the mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
12012	Then a blue mat is shown and an individual begins sweeping and laying the blue mat against the mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
12013	The man takes out a measuring tape and cuts off a piece of the blue mat and continues covering the floor .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
12014	She then take a pan in the sink , put water , put liquid soap in a sponge , rub it on the plates , lid , container , spoons .	she then take a pan in the sink , put water , put what in a sponge , rub it on the plates , lid , container , spoons ?	soap
12015	She wiped the counter with her hand , then placed a green basket , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket .	she wiped what with her hand , then placed a green basket , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket ?	counter
12015	She wiped the counter with her hand , then placed a green basket , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket .	she wiped the counter with her hand , then placed what , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket ?	basket
12015	She wiped the counter with her hand , then placed a green basket , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket .	what is the color of the basket ?	green
12016	A woman in a blue shirt stands next to a brown horse .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
12016	A woman in a blue shirt stands next to a brown horse .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
12023	A tattoo salon has displayed a metallic blue motor cycle .	what is the color of the cycle ?	blue
12025	A customer walks in and gives a child 's picture to the tattoo artist .	the customer walks in and gives what to the tattoo artist ?	picture
12032	The camera continues to pan around the players swimming all around the pool throwing a ball and others reacting on the sidelines .	what continues to pan around the players swimming all around the pool throwing a ball and others reacting on the sidelines ?	camera
12036	Two men wave and we see sealife including a dolphin swimming next to the boat .	how many men wave and we see sealife including a dolphin swimming next to the boat ?	two
12038	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
12042	Two boy scouts are seen standing and speaking to a large group of people and attempting to light a match .	how many boy scouts are seen standing and speaking to the large group of people and attempting to light a match ?	two
12045	The camera pans back and forth to show activity other beachgoers ' activity around the woman .	what pans back and forth to show activity other beachgoers ' activity around the woman ?	camera
12047	The woman combines sand and water in a bucket .	where does the woman combine sand and water . ?	bucket
12052	Two people are seen running inside an indoor closed room and hitting a tennis ball around with rackets .	how many people are seen running inside an indoor closed room and hitting a tennis ball around with rackets ?	two
12054	A fat women and a thin woman talk face to face in a beauty salon .	where do the fat women and a thin woman talk face to face . ?	salon
12064	The man who is sitting next to the man playing the drums is not only playing the guitar , but he 's singing too .	what is the man not only playing , but he 's singing too ?	guitar
12066	He moves a stick and pulls a fishing line out of a hole .	he moves what and pulls a fishing line out of a hole ?	stick
12068	He picks the fish up and shows us the fish .	he picks what up and shows us the fish ?	fish
12069	The man then throws the fish back into the hole .	what does the man then throw back into the hole ?	fish
12070	A woman in man in black clothing stand in together and discuss a routine .	what is the color of the clothing ?	black
12074	She breaks up the lettuce into smaller parts .	what does she break up into smaller parts ?	lettuce
12077	All the ingredients you need to make butter cake are on the counter , someone is pointing at each ingredient and starts grabbing them .	what are on the counter , someone is pointing at each ingredient and starts grabbing them ?	ingredients
12091	The two people hold out hands to begin an arm wrestling match .	how many people hold out hands to begin an arm wrestling match ?	two
12095	The two athletes flex their arms .	how many athletes flex their arms ?	two
12096	There is a diver wearing yellow swim trunks is diving from a diving board in an indoor swimming pool .	what is the color of the trunks ?	yellow
12104	A little boy in a yellow shirt is holding a yellow ruffled stick .	what is the little boy in a yellow shirt holding ?	stick
12104	A little boy in a yellow shirt is holding a yellow ruffled stick .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
12104	A little boy in a yellow shirt is holding a yellow ruffled stick .	what is the color of the stick ?	yellow
12120	Women synchronize dance in the pool .	where do women synchronize dance . ?	pool
12123	Man in yellow talks to the camera .	what is the color of the talks ?	yellow
12124	Man in pink leotard jumps out of the pool .	where does man jump out of the pool . ?	leotard
12129	A furniture renovation company advertises their services by showing several homes and tools they have worked on and use and what type of work they do .	what does renovation advertise their services by showing several homes and tools they have worked on and use and what type of work they do ?	company
12130	A man in an apron carefully puts a colored substance on a plate .	where does the man carefully put a colored substance on a plate . ?	apron
12132	The man carefully touches the paint brush to an old table coloring portions of the table that have been damaged .	what does the man carefully touch to an old table coloring portions of the table that have been damaged ?	brush
12140	A man dressed in a black suit and woman dressed in a black dress are dancing together to Latino music .	what is the color of the dress ?	black
12148	How To Expo is demonstrating how to make a three bean salad with black beans , garbanzo beans and kidney beans .	how to expo is demonstrating how to make how many bean salad with black beans , garbanzo beans and kidney beans ?	three
12148	How To Expo is demonstrating how to make a three bean salad with black beans , garbanzo beans and kidney beans .	what is the color of the beans ?	black
12149	The presenter shows minced garlic , chopped onions and chopped red bell pepper , along with chopped parsley and one teaspoon of cumin .	what is the color of the pepper ?	red
12150	She also shows the dressing ingredients like olive oil , red wine vinegar and salt .	what is the color of the vinegar ?	red
12155	She pours the salad into a plate and tops is with the salad dressing .	what does she pour into a plate and tops is with the salad dressing ?	salad
12160	After lining up the ski and securing it on the bench he uses a plastic card and goes over the bottom of the ski three times .	after lining up the ski and securing it on the bench he uses what and goes over the bottom of the ski three times ?	card
12164	A man in a white shirt is showing applying plaster to a room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
12169	She moves the salad into a new bowl .	what does she move into a new bowl ?	salad
12178	Two people are seen hitting a ping pong table back and fourth in the middle of an outdoor park .	how many people are seen hitting the ping pong table back and fourth in the middle of an outdoor park ?	two
12179	They drop the ball and pick it up and then continue playing again .	they drop what and pick it up and then continue playing again ?	ball
12180	A person 's shoe is seen sitting in a sink and the person scrubs the outside of the shoe with water running .	what is seen sitting in the sink and the person scrubs the outside of the shoe with water running ?	shoe
12180	A person 's shoe is seen sitting in a sink and the person scrubs the outside of the shoe with water running .	where is the person 's shoe seen sitting and the person scrubs the outside of the shoe with water running . ?	sink
12184	He also turns and lifts one foot in the air .	how many foot does he also turn and lifts in the air ?	one
12189	men are standing in sidewalk watching the men playing and taking pictures .	where are men standing watching the men playing and taking pictures . ?	sidewalk
12190	men reunite and pose to a picture and a lot of camcorders are taking pictures .	men reunite and pose to a picture and a lot of camcorders are taking what ?	pictures
12197	A man is in the garbage and he brings out a suitcase and takes a bike out of it .	what is the man in the garbage and he brings out and takes a bike out of it ?	suitcase
12199	He screws in some pieces and put the hand bars on using a a pocket knife .	he screws in some pieces and put what on using a a pocket knife ?	bars
12200	He inflates the tires with air and finishes putting the rest together , and then he rides off .	he inflates what with air and finishes putting the rest together , and then he rides off ?	tires
12201	Three girls that are matching clothes are jumping rope at a competition .	what are three girls jumping at a competition ?	rope
12201	Three girls that are matching clothes are jumping rope at a competition .	how many girls that are matching clothes are jumping rope at a competition ?	three
12206	Two crouch in front of each other before springing onto the mat , fighting and kicking .	how many crouch in front of each other before springing onto the mat , fighting and kicking ?	two
12208	A dog runs around a house from room to room .	what runs around the house from room to room ?	dog
12209	Two men take the dog into the bathroom and get him in the bath tub .	how many men take the dog into the bathroom and get him in the bath tub ?	two
12210	One of the men washes the dog .	what does one of the men wash ?	dog
12212	The dog hops out of the tub and one of the men dries him off .	what hops out of the tub and one of the men dries him off ?	dog
12213	One man holds the dogs mouth open while the other man brushes the dogs teeth .	how many man holds the dogs mouth open while the other man brushes the dogs teeth ?	one
12214	A camera pans all around a paintball course and shows a closeup of a person speaking .	what pans all around a paintball course and shows a closeup of a person speaking ?	camera
12215	Several clips are seen of people running around the course and shooting paintball at one another .	what are seen of people running around the course and shooting paintball at one another ?	clips
12218	A man enters wearing a black hoodie .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	black
12219	He opens a jar and pulls out something .	he opens what and pulls out something ?	jar
12221	An intro of a black screen with a logo and the words CAMERON HANSEN GALLERY appear along with the website at the bottom right .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
12223	A series of many different videos begin and it includes footage from underwater with a snorkeler , many different sea life swimming and even an elephant swimming .	what do the series of many different videos begin and it includes from underwater with a snorkeler , many different sea life swimming and even an elephant swimming ?	footage
12231	man is standing in an ice rink practicing hockey .	where is man standing practicing hockey . ?	rink
12232	man is putting hockey uniform .	what is man putting hockey ?	uniform
12233	Two little kids are sitting indian style on the carpet inside the house , they have a hookah and are smoking it .	how many little kids are sitting indian style on the carpet inside the house ?	two
12237	Two girls are seen speaking to the camera with one giving a thumbs up .	how many girls are seen speaking to the camera with one giving a thumbs up ?	two
12243	A man dressed in black , seated on a stool is playing the acoustic guitar in the store where the guitars are displayed .	the man dressed in black , seated on a stool is playing what in the store where the guitars are displayed ?	guitar
12243	A man dressed in black , seated on a stool is playing the acoustic guitar in the store where the guitars are displayed .	what is the color of the man ?	black
12246	An adult and several teen in canoes holds paddles .	what does an adult and several teen in canoes hold ?	paddles
12248	The teens follow the instructions of the man and row the oars .	the teens follow the instructions of the man and row what ?	oars
12256	snowy mountins are shown and people is doing snowboard going down the hill holding poles .	what are snowy mountins shown and people is doing ?	snowboard
12259	people doing snowboarding are going down the mountain with red lighes and fireworks are in sky .	what are people doing are going down the mountain with red lighes and are in sky ?	fireworks
12259	people doing snowboarding are going down the mountain with red lighes and fireworks are in sky .	what is the color of the lighes ?	red
12261	The girl then firmly drops her hands to her side , brings her feet together and does a bow and continues to do a routine of various karate moves .	the girl then firmly drops her hands to her side , brings her feet together and does what and continues to do a routine of various karate moves ?	bow
12263	Two people are seen kneeling down before a board and pushing down objects .	how many people are seen kneeling down before the board and pushing down objects ?	two
12264	Other people watch on the side as the two robots begin to attack one another .	other people watch on the side as how many robots begin to attack one another ?	two
12265	One pushes the other off the side and the men put the robots back to battle several more .	what does one push the other off the side and the men put back ?	robots
12271	The lady leans over the dog and washes his front paw on the left .	the lady leans over the dog and washes what on the left ?	paw
12272	A camera follows around a small boat that is moving along the water as well as landscapes .	what follows around the small boat that is moving along the water as well as landscapes ?	camera
12273	The camera zooms in on the boat and shows people riding inside .	what zooms in on the boat and shows people riding inside ?	camera
12278	There are two people shown playing in a casino .	how many people are there shown playing in a casino ?	two
12279	A representative from Blackjack is showing a casino gambling game .	what is the representative from blackjack showing gambling ?	game
12285	A cowboy is riding on a horse in a large arena and is swinging his rope .	the cowboy is riding on a horse in a large arena and is swinging what ?	rope
12289	Two girls are standing in a shop and hug each other .	how many girls are standing in the shop and hug each other ?	two
12289	Two girls are standing in a shop and hug each other .	where are two girls standing and hug each other . ?	shop
12290	The two girls acknowledge the girl holding the camera .	how many girls acknowledge the girl holding the camera ?	two
12297	Her hair is snow dry and she puts clips into her hair and begins curling .	what is her hair snow dry and she puts into her hair and begins curling ?	clips
12299	A big green garbage can is pushed up against a brick wall and a reindeer jumps out drinking from a coffee cup .	what can the big green garbage is pushed up against a brick wall and jumps out drinking from a coffee cup ?	reindeer
12299	A big green garbage can is pushed up against a brick wall and a reindeer jumps out drinking from a coffee cup .	what is the color of the garbage ?	green
12300	The reindeer continues to drink out of the coffee cup and eventually falls out of over the garbage can .	what continues to drink out of the coffee cup and eventually falls out of over the garbage can ?	reindeer
12301	A child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing skies .	the child ski on the snow holding what and wearing skies ?	poles
12301	A child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing skies .	the child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing what ?	skies
12301	A child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing skies .	the child ski on the snow holding how many poles and wearing skies ?	two
12306	A boat is prepared and the group starts water skiing , wakeboarding , and the like .	what is prepared and the group starts water skiing , wakeboarding , and the like ?	boat
12311	A man in a blue sweater is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the sweater ?	blue
12313	The baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray in the oven and put the cake in the oven .	what do the baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place in the oven and put the cake in the oven ?	tray
12313	The baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray in the oven and put the cake in the oven .	what do the baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray in the oven and put in the oven ?	cake
12313	The baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray in the oven and put the cake in the oven .	what is the color of the molder ?	purple
12313	The baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray in the oven and put the cake in the oven .	where do the baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray and put the cake in the oven . ?	oven
12315	The baker put safety ling on the molder , put jelly in it , then he put the jelly off the molder .	what did the baker put on the molder , put jelly in it , then he put the jelly off the molder ?	ling
12315	The baker put safety ling on the molder , put jelly in it , then he put the jelly off the molder .	what did the baker put safety ling on the molder , put jelly in it , then he put off the molder ?	jelly
12318	The man then ties up the calf and climbs up on the horse and others step into the ring .	the man then ties up what and climbs up on the horse and others step into the ring ?	calf
12321	A female gymnast is shown in a photograph .	where is the female gymnast shown . ?	photograph
12326	She is using a paint brush to apply the paints to her face .	what is she using ?	brush
12328	A boat goes on to a lake with a rope behind it .	what goes on to the lake with a rope behind it ?	boat
12329	A boy grabs the rope and goes in the water after the boat .	the boy grabs what and goes in the water after the boat ?	rope
12330	The boat begins to speed up .	what begins to speed up ?	boat
12333	A man in a red shirt is sitting down .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
12345	They quickly play drums before a crowd .	what do they quickly play before a crowd ?	drums
12347	A camera pans around a shop and pans back to a girl talking .	what pans around the shop and pans back to a girl talking ?	camera
12349	She continues talking to the camera and eventually shows footage of her getting her nose pierced .	she continues and eventually shows what of her getting her nose pierced ?	footage
12351	Finally she shows a book as well as a bag with white powder and herself in a pony tail .	what does finally she show a book as well as with white powder and herself in a pony tail ?	bag
12351	Finally she shows a book as well as a bag with white powder and herself in a pony tail .	what is the color of the powder ?	white
12354	This man is trying to shoot the white ball on the pool table backwards .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
12357	We see a little girl painting a fence red .	we see a little girl painting what ?	red
12358	The girl puts more paint on her brush .	what does the girl put on her brush ?	paint
12362	A woman with black hair is explaining something .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
12368	There are two sets of people along a rope and they are separated in the middle by referees .	how many sets are there of people along a rope ?	two
12371	Two people then get in the tubes and are pushed down the slopes .	how many people then get in the tubes and are pushed down the slopes ?	two
12374	The camera continues to capture the man blowing the leaves and uses several camera effects on the frames .	what continues to capture the man blowing the leaves and uses several camera effects on the frames ?	camera
12374	The camera continues to capture the man blowing the leaves and uses several camera effects on the frames .	the camera continues and uses what on the frames ?	effects
12384	The fox stands by the man and jumps up and down on his lap while he continues to put his shoes on .	what stands by the man and jumps up and down on his lap while he continues to put his shoes on ?	fox
12385	A person puts tape on a leather sofa to form a square .	what does the person put on a leather sofa ?	tape
12386	Then , the person apply foam to a sponge and cleans inside the square .	then , the person apply what to a sponge and cleans inside the square ?	foam
12387	After , the person clean with a cloth and peels the tape .	after , the person clean with a cloth and peels what ?	tape
12388	Next , the person cleans all the sofa putting foam on a cloth and rubbing the sofa .	what does next , the person clean ?	sofa
12389	A shoe polishing machine sits in a living room .	what sits in the living room ?	machine
12389	A shoe polishing machine sits in a living room .	where does the shoe polishing machine sit . ?	room
12391	The man wearing blue jeans begins bushing his black shoes .	the man wearing what begins bushing his black shoes ?	jeans
12391	The man wearing blue jeans begins bushing his black shoes .	what is the color of the jeans ?	blue
12391	The man wearing blue jeans begins bushing his black shoes .	what is the color of the shoes ?	black
12392	The man then begins brushing and polishing his brown shoes .	what is the color of the shoes ?	brown
12393	The man approaches the shoe polishing machine and brushes his grey sneakers .	what is the color of the sneakers ?	gray
12396	They give the horns back and the man plays while walking up and down the stage .	what do they give back and the man plays while walking up and down the stage ?	horns
12399	The woman sits in a chair as a tattoo artist makes a snowflake on her arm .	where does the woman sit as a tattoo artist makes a snowflake on her arm . ?	chair
12402	A man is standing in a gym .	where is the man standing . ?	gym
12405	The woman is riding a camel as she talks to the camera .	what is the woman riding ?	camel
12406	A man is guiding the camel and giving the camel food .	what is the man guiding and giving the camel food ?	camel
12406	A man is guiding the camel and giving the camel food .	what is the man guiding the camel and giving ?	food
12409	The person uses soap to rub vigorously the hands .	what does the person use ?	soap
12412	The words `` speed cubing 53 sec '' appear on a black screen .	the words `` speed cubing how many sec '' appear on a black screen ?	53
12412	The words `` speed cubing 53 sec '' appear on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
12414	The man solves the puzzle completing all sides of the cube and the screen goes black .	what does the man solve the puzzle completing all sides of the cube and goes black ?	screen
12415	A cat is scratching its paws on the carpet .	what is scratching its paws on the carpet ?	cat
12415	A cat is scratching its paws on the carpet .	what is the cat scratching on the carpet ?	paws
12416	A man holds the cats paw and starts clipping its nails .	the man holds what and starts clipping its nails ?	paw
12417	He holds the cat outside .	what does he hold outside ?	cat
12419	They board the plane before taking off , showing the runway and clouds in the sky .	they board what before taking off , showing the runway and clouds in the sky ?	airplane
12420	They are in an airport , then driving down the road .	where are they , then driving down the road . ?	airport
12425	More clips are shown of the person swimming along the water .	what are shown of the person swimming along the water ?	clips
12430	A young woman on a white horse is shown riding through the field .	what is the color of the horse ?	white
12431	The lady is then shown exercising on a blue mat doing several yoga stretches .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
12433	Finally , the screen returns and she is shown in horseback riding in the field going through the stable .	what does finally , return and she is shown in horseback riding in the field going through the stable ?	screen
12435	One member scores as the camera pans around them and a man watching .	how many member scores as the camera pans around them and a man watching ?	one
12438	Once solved , the boy slams his arms against a black bar that stops the timer and the judge times him at 20 seconds .	what is the color of the bar ?	black
12441	The camera pans around an athletic woman standing ready and others watching her on the side .	what pans around an athletic woman standing ready and others watching her on the side ?	camera
12446	The two men fence in between title screens .	how many men fence in between title screens ?	two
12448	We see a man 's helmet .	what do we see ?	helmet
12453	There 's a woman dressed in a brown dress standing next to another lady in blue who is demonstrating a recipe .	what is the color of the dress ?	brown
12456	There 's a white plate with shredded meat on the kitchen counter .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
12457	The chef then picks up the meat plate and gives it to the lady in brown .	the chef then picks up what and gives it to the lady in brown ?	plate
12457	The chef then picks up the meat plate and gives it to the lady in brown .	what is the color of the lady ?	brown
12458	The presenter then empties the meat into a blue bowl .	what does the presenter then empty into a blue bowl ?	meat
12458	The presenter then empties the meat into a blue bowl .	what is the color of the bowl ?	blue
12460	Then they add some chopped cucumber to the blue bowl and mix it with a spoon .	then they add what to the blue bowl and mix it with a spoon ?	cucumber
12460	Then they add some chopped cucumber to the blue bowl and mix it with a spoon .	what is the color of the bowl ?	blue
12461	The chef shows the cucumbers she has used in the salad .	what does the chef show ?	cucumbers
12462	Then they add chopped cherry tomatoes , followed by sliced white onions and some leafy greens .	what is the color of the onions ?	white
12471	One girl wearing a bikini and holding a Coke can in her hand is rubbing sunscreen on another woman 's chest .	one girl wearing a bikini and holding what in her hand is rubbing sunscreen on another woman 's chest ?	can
12471	One girl wearing a bikini and holding a Coke can in her hand is rubbing sunscreen on another woman 's chest .	one girl wearing a bikini and holding a coke can in her hand is rubbing what on another woman 's chest ?	sunscreen
12471	One girl wearing a bikini and holding a Coke can in her hand is rubbing sunscreen on another woman 's chest .	how many girl wearing a bikini and holding a coke can in her hand is rubbing sunscreen on another woman 's chest ?	one
12476	A crowd is gathered around a black tiled area .	what is the color of the area ?	black
12477	A man in black does some breakdance moves .	what is the color of the man ?	black
12478	He then trades off with a man in white , Several breakdancers trade off displaying moves as the crowd looks on .	what is the color of the breakdancers ?	white
12481	A player on a horse hits the ball .	what does the player on a horse hit ?	ball
12486	A white screen appears and happy faces are displayed and black text words read `` happyface Entertainment '' .	what appears and happy faces are displayed and black text words read `` happyface entertainment '' ?	screen
12486	A white screen appears and happy faces are displayed and black text words read `` happyface Entertainment '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
12486	A white screen appears and happy faces are displayed and black text words read `` happyface Entertainment '' .	what is the color of the words ?	black
12487	There are two Asian women standing face to face very close to one another and talking about a can while subtitles show up at the bottom .	how many asian women are there standing face to face very close to one another and talking about a can while subtitles show up at the bottom ?	two
12489	A black screen appears with the white letters and numbers that say EXAM 2012 .	what appears with the white letters and numbers that say exam 2012 ?	screen
12489	A black screen appears with the white letters and numbers that say EXAM 2012 .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
12490	An outdoor of a two story older building is shown and the white letters on the screen say Bolshoi Ballet Academy .	what is the color of the letters ?	white
12491	A sandwich is sitting on a counter .	what is sitting on the counter ?	sandwich
12493	A person puts cucumbers on top of the sandwich .	what does the person put on top of the sandwich ?	cucumbers
12495	He puts sunglasses on and continues taking puffs off the cigarette .	he puts what on and continues taking puffs off the cigarette ?	sunglasses
12497	Two small children as seen sitting at a table laughing with one another .	how many small children as seen sitting at a table laughing with one another ?	two
12498	One girl is seen painting another 's nails while she looks off into the distance .	how many girl is seen painting another 's nails while she looks off into the distance ?	one
12500	A person takes a knife and cut the ends of a potato , then the person peels the potato .	the person takes a knife and cut the ends of a potato , then the person peels what ?	potato
12501	After , the person cut the potato in squares .	what did after , the person cut in squares ?	potato
12502	We see a pink opening scene .	what do we see ?	scene
12510	A lady photo shops her picture in with the mariachi band .	what did the lady photo shop in with the mariachi band ?	picture
12516	A child helps push a lawn mower with an adult to cut the grass .	what does the child help push with an adult to cut the grass ?	mower
12521	The camera shows several shots of different boys swinging on the equipment around and around with the camera panning to different angles .	what shows several shots of different boys swinging on the equipment around and around with the camera panning to different angles ?	camera
12523	Then , two young men demonstrate the boys how to pass and shoot the ball in the basket .	how many young men do then , demonstrate the boys how to pass and shoot the ball in the basket ?	two
12526	pitcher throw the ball to the batter playing criquet .	what do pitcher throw to the batter playing criquet ?	ball
12528	a lo of people wearing black unifroms are running in the field fighting .	what is the color of the unifroms ?	black
12531	Two men play bagpipes in front of a row of police officers and a man in a military uniform , all as a photographer takes their photo from below .	what do two men play in front of a row of police officers and a man in a military uniform , all ?	bagpipes
12531	Two men play bagpipes in front of a row of police officers and a man in a military uniform , all as a photographer takes their photo from below .	how many men play bagpipes in front of a row of police officers and a man in a military uniform , all as a photographer takes their photo from below ?	two
12534	A man wearing gloves is on his hands and knees using a power tool that is creating sparks .	the man wearing what is on his hands and knees using a power tool that is creating sparks ?	gloves
12538	man are putting the shoes , grabs a skateboard and is skateboarding by a sidewalk with her friends .	man are putting the shoes , grabs what and is skateboarding by a sidewalk with her friends ?	skateboard
12546	A man wearing a white fencing outfit walks over to a woman in leather with her hands tied together .	the man wearing what walks over to a woman in leather with her hands tied together ?	outfit
12546	A man wearing a white fencing outfit walks over to a woman in leather with her hands tied together .	what is the color of the outfit ?	white
12553	A man wearing yellow kicks the ball into the goal and celebrates with his team before a replay of his goal is shown .	the man wearing yellow kicks what into the goal and celebrates with his team before a replay of his goal is shown ?	ball
12554	The game continues and two men knock each other down before the red team scores a goal and a replay is shown .	how many men is knock each other down before the red team scores a goal and a replay is shown ?	two
12554	The game continues and two men knock each other down before the red team scores a goal and a replay is shown .	what is the color of the scores ?	red
12555	The yellow team tries to score and is blocked multiple times before finally scoring and a replay of this goal is shown twice .	what is the color of the team ?	yellow
12556	The game continues until the red team scores .	what is the color of the scores ?	red
12557	A man from each team kicks the ball at the goal , each man gets the ball in the net and it flies back out .	where does the man from each team kick the ball at the goal , each man gets the ball and it flies back out . ?	net
12559	When the next red team member kicks , the goalie blocks the ball .	what does , the goalie block ?	ball
12559	When the next red team member kicks , the goalie blocks the ball .	what is the color of the member ?	red
12560	Another man from each team scores before the goalie blocks a ball kicked by a man in yellow .	what does another man from each team scores before the goalie block kicked by a man in yellow ?	ball
12569	She places the various ingredients into a bowl and garnishes it very precisely .	she places what into a bowl and garnishes it very precisely ?	ingredients
12570	She then pours a sauce all over it .	what does she then pour all over it ?	sauce
12576	The screen opens up with an ACDC promo .	what opens up with an acdc promo ?	screen
12581	two men are standing on top of trampolines and make a Synchronized jump into the pool .	how many men are standing on top of trampolines and make a synchronized jump into the pool ?	two
12582	man is going up the stairs to the trampoline .	what is man going up to the trampoline ?	stairs
12586	Three kids are climbing up a mountain with out any rope .	what are three kids climbing up with out any rope ?	mountain
12586	Three kids are climbing up a mountain with out any rope .	how many kids are climbing up the mountain with out any rope ?	three
12591	A green ball suddenly bounces across the fifty yard line .	what suddenly bounces across the fifty yard line ?	ball
12591	A green ball suddenly bounces across the fifty yard line .	what is the color of the ball ?	green
12596	A man is lying in bed under the covers .	where is the man lying . ?	bed
12599	The man shaves his bear , making it much shorter before lying down in bed , cuddling with the bag filled with his beard hair .	what does the man shave , ?	bear
12605	A goldfish is shown followed by a man cutting and styling her hair .	what is shown followed by the man cutting and styling her hair ?	goldfish
12607	The girl smiles and leaves the hair salon looking happy .	what does the girl smile and leaves looking happy ?	salon
12611	The tire is now sitting on top of an object and they take it off .	what is now sitting on top of an object and they take it off ?	tire
12615	The person maneuver the sail to turn around .	the person maneuver what ?	sail
12617	Women are waving flags around behind them .	what are women waving around behind them ?	flags
12623	A woman in blue shorts hands a man a dart .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
12624	A man in a white hat throws a dart at a board .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
12629	A man in a chef 's outfit is talking in a kitchen while holding a potato .	where is the man in a chef 's outfit talking . ?	kitchen
12634	There are several jockey riding brown horses in a stadium during a derby event .	what is the color of the horses ?	brown
12637	A woman cheers loudly in the camera .	where does the woman cheers loudly . ?	camera
12640	They are then running drills on the gravel .	what are they then running on the gravel ?	drills
12647	Two wires are seen laid across and table with a person putting a box on top .	what are seen laid across and table with a person putting a box on top ?	wires
12647	Two wires are seen laid across and table with a person putting a box on top .	how many wires are seen laid across and table with a person putting a box on top ?	two
12648	The person wraps the box with wires and tying a bow on top .	what does the person wrap the box with wires and tying on top ?	bow
12649	The person ties a candy cane with the box and shows it off to the camera .	the person ties what with the box and shows it off to the camera ?	cane
12657	A woman with blond hair prepares a sink dishwashing station with a hanging sink and drying bars above a metal channel .	what does the woman with blond hair prepare dishwashing station with a hanging sink and drying bars above a metal channel ?	sink
12657	A woman with blond hair prepares a sink dishwashing station with a hanging sink and drying bars above a metal channel .	the woman with blond hair prepares a sink dishwashing what with a hanging sink and drying bars above a metal channel ?	station
12662	woman is holding a sunscreen tube and put it in her arms , hands and face and the woman in studio keeps talkin about the natural sunscreen .	woman is holding what and put it in her arms , hands and face and the woman in studio keeps talkin about the natural sunscreen ?	tube
12665	The man finishes his pumpkin and the camera pans all around the side .	what does the man finish and the camera pans all around the side ?	pumpkin
12665	The man finishes his pumpkin and the camera pans all around the side .	what does the man finish his pumpkin and pans all around the side ?	camera
12668	He shows off a paint roller .	what does he show off ?	roller
12674	The camera cuts to closeup scenes of her fingers picking up a contact lens and holding it up .	what cuts to closeup scenes of her fingers picking up a contact lens and holding it up ?	camera
12675	The camera briefly cuts to the woman 's face before returning .	what briefly cuts to the woman 's face before returning ?	camera
12677	The woman applies contact lens solution into her lens carrying case .	what does the woman apply contact into her lens carrying case ?	solution
12679	The woman removes the contact lens from her eye .	what does the woman remove contact from her eye ?	lens
12680	The woman places the lens on her palm and , using solution , cleans it .	the woman places what on her palm and , using solution , cleans it ?	lens
12681	The woman places the lens into the case and adds solution .	the woman places what into the case and adds solution ?	lens
12690	The girl bends forward and performs a dive into the pool while the camera pans back to a scoreboard .	the girl bends forward and performs what into the pool while the camera pans back to a scoreboard ?	dive
12693	He pulls up his pants and starts shaving his other leg .	he pulls up what and starts shaving his other leg ?	pants
12694	Old man is raking leaves outside his home in the fall .	what is old man raking outside his home in the fall ?	leaves
12696	There is a bike parked next to the house .	what is there parked next to the house ?	bicycle
12699	The people continuously throw the frisbee around the field while the dog chases afterwards and runs around the field .	what do the people continuously throw around the field ?	frisbee
12702	the lady shakes out a dress and puts it on an ironing board .	the lady shakes out what and puts it on an ironing board ?	dress
12703	The lady rubs the dress and straitens it out .	the lady rubs what and straitens it out ?	dress
12707	Then , the person covers a wood box with carpet and cuts the leftovers .	then , the person covers what with carpet and cuts the leftovers ?	box
12707	Then , the person covers a wood box with carpet and cuts the leftovers .	then , the person covers a wood box with carpet and cuts what ?	leftovers
12708	Then , the person fold the carpet on the borders and cut the parts not needed .	then , the person fold what on the borders and cut the parts not needed ?	carpet
12710	A red screen appears with a picture of lemonade and the two reappear .	what appears with the picture of lemonade and the two reappear ?	screen
12710	A red screen appears with a picture of lemonade and the two reappear .	what is the color of the screen ?	red
12714	Once done , the lady grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together .	once done , the lady grabs what and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together ?	cups
12714	Once done , the lady grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together .	once done , the lady grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy what together ?	drink
12714	Once done , the lady grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together .	the lady grabs how many cups and fills them up ?	two
12715	A little boy is standing in a living room .	where is the little boy standing . ?	room
12720	An American gymnast climbs the balance beam , the she performs four flips backwards and one flip forward .	how many flips does the she perform backwards ?	four
12721	Then , the gymnast spins backward one time on her side , then she jumps and flips two times backwards .	how many time does the gymnast spin on her side ?	one
12721	Then , the gymnast spins backward one time on her side , then she jumps and flips two times backwards .	she jumps and flips how many times backwards ?	two
12732	A young kid catches a calf .	what does the young kid catch ?	calf
12733	A cowboy jumps off his horse to control the calf he has caught .	what does the cowboy jump off ?	horse
12734	Another cowboy in a black shirt jumps off his horse .	what does another cowboy in a black shirt jump off ?	horse
12734	Another cowboy in a black shirt jumps off his horse .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
12735	A man in a pink shirt lassos a calf .	what does the man in a pink shirt lasso ?	calf
12736	A woman on a horse catches a calf .	what does the woman on a horse catch ?	calf
12737	Another man jumps off his brown horse to control the calf he has caught .	what does another man jump off ?	horse
12737	Another man jumps off his brown horse to control the calf he has caught .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
12738	Six children wearing white clothing and orange belts are in a room with others watching .	how many children is wearing white clothing and orange belts are in a room with others watching ?	six
12748	She puts the lotion on herself standing in front of a lake and smiling into the camera .	what does she put on herself standing in front of a lake and smiling into the camera ?	lotion
12750	More pictures are shown while the man cuts up vegetables and mixes them into a bowl .	what are shown while the man cuts up vegetables and mixes them into a bowl ?	pictures
12758	The boy in the stripes shirt rocks back and forth .	what does the boy in the stripes shirt back and forth ?	rocks
12760	a man is working outside in a garden .	where is the man working . ?	garden
12762	When he is done , the plant is fully trimmed .	what is , fully trimmed ?	plant
12773	A young girl is standing in the room in a black cami and black and white legs preparing talking .	what is the color of the cami ?	black
12775	Afterwards , the three girls stand together and start talking to the camera .	afterwards , how many girls stand together and start talking to the camera ?	three
12776	women are making some gymnasic jumps in a hallway .	where are women making some gymnasic jumps . ?	hallway
12781	The girl then puts the ingredients on a plate and puts saran wrap over the food .	the girl then puts what on a plate and puts saran wrap over the food ?	ingredients
12781	The girl then puts the ingredients on a plate and puts saran wrap over the food .	the girl then puts the ingredients on a plate and puts what over the food ?	wrap
12785	A man is playing guitar , and the man to his right is playing the drums .	what is the man playing , and the man to his right is playing the drums ?	guitar
12785	A man is playing guitar , and the man to his right is playing the drums .	what is the man playing guitar , and the man to his right is playing ?	drums
12787	There two old men wearing straw hats , dressed in t-shirts and shorts getting ready to play shuffleboard .	how many old men is there wearing straw hats , dressed in t-shirts and shorts getting ready to play shuffleboard ?	two
12788	There two other men standing a few yards away with their cue sticks .	how many other men are there standing a few yards away with their cue sticks ?	two
12789	A woman with gray hair and a yellow shirt is seen playing shuffleboard .	what is the color of the hair ?	gray
12789	A woman with gray hair and a yellow shirt is seen playing shuffleboard .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
12790	There are two discs on the ground that get hit by another disc .	how many discs are there on the ground that get hit by another disc ?	two
12792	One of the players adjusts his discs before hitting it with the cue stick .	what does one of the players adjust before hitting it with the cue stick ?	discs
12793	White text appears on a blue background .	what is the color of the background ?	blue
12796	A person makes a jack o lantern .	what does the person make ?	lantern
12797	First they cut the top off of a green pumpkin and scoop the seeds and other stuff out .	what is the color of the pumpkin ?	green
12801	A candle is placed inside and lit and the lid is put back on .	what is placed inside and lit and the lid is put back on ?	candle
12802	With the lights turned down the jack o lantern can be viewed .	what can be viewed ?	lantern
12805	He hands the instrument to a man walking in and gives the host a handshake .	he hands what to a man walking in and gives the host a handshake ?	instrument
12808	He is wiping his shoe down .	what is he wiping down ?	shoe
12811	The man then holds a gun up to her nose and pierces her nose .	the man then holds what up to her nose and pierces her nose ?	gun
12813	A carpenter sprays a ceiling with paint .	what did the carpenter spray with paint ?	ceiling
12818	The painting continues as well as the smoothing out of the paint .	what continues as well as the smoothing out of the paint ?	painting
12822	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
12825	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
12829	A woman is kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
12832	Two men are standing outside with a crowd of people lifting weights and exercising .	how many men are standing outside with the crowd of people lifting weights and exercising ?	two
12836	She lights a cigarette as she drives .	what did she light ?	cigarette
12841	The camera shoots areas all around the park while the bagpipes play .	what shoots areas all around the park while the bagpipes play ?	camera
12847	the lady then dances the hula hoop with the tube .	what does the lady then dance with the tube ?	hoop
12849	We see the closing end screen .	what do we see ?	screen
12850	A camera pans around a group of people sitting at a table followed by a man holding a surf board .	what pans around the group of people sitting at a table followed by a man holding a surf board ?	camera
12854	Two men are then shown driving around an area on bumper cars while laughing to the camera and others speaking to the camera .	how many men are then shown driving around an area on bumper cars while laughing to the camera and others speaking to the camera ?	two
12856	We see the opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
12865	finally he uses a long metal hook to hook the fish he caught and brings it out the hole .	what does finally he use ?	hook
12866	he then unhooks the long hook and use his tools to unhook the small fishing hook the the fish mouth leaving the fish bloody .	he then unhooks what and use his tools to unhook the small fishing hook the the fish mouth leaving the fish bloody ?	hook
12866	he then unhooks the long hook and use his tools to unhook the small fishing hook the the fish mouth leaving the fish bloody .	he then unhooks the long hook and use what ?	tools
12872	A man holding a flat bat walks across the field followed by a male holding one ball in each hand .	the man holding what walks across the field followed by a male holding one ball in each hand ?	bat
12873	Two men sit with one man holding a flat bat .	how many men sit with one man holding a flat bat ?	two
12874	Guys hit balls with the flat bat .	what did guys hit with the flat bat ?	balls
12877	The man mixes the ingredients into a glass together and juices a lime into the glass .	the man mixes what into a glass together and juices a lime into the glass ?	ingredients
12878	He then pushes the ingredients around and pours liquids into the glass , creating an alcoholic drink .	he then pushes what around and pours liquids into the glass , creating an alcoholic drink ?	ingredients
12881	The camera pans around the area and continues to show more clips of people surfing .	what pans around the area and continues to show more clips of people surfing ?	camera
12883	The outro is a spinning wheel with fast scrolling words going from the bottom to the top then it quickly fades to a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
12890	Multiple groups of people in boats are out exploring a river .	what are multiple groups of people in boats out exploring ?	river
12892	A group of people on a white boat paddle away at the waters in the river .	what is the color of the boat ?	white
12899	Two men walk along the beach with their surfboards .	how many men walk along the beach with their surfboards ?	two
12900	They enter the water and the surfer with the white board catches a wave .	what is the color of the board ?	white
12901	White board catches another wave as the blue board opts out , more waves taken by white board are shown .	what is the color of the board ?	blue
12901	White board catches another wave as the blue board opts out , more waves taken by white board are shown .	what is the color of the board ?	white
12902	The surfer on the blue board catches a few waves .	what is the color of the board ?	blue
12903	The white board surfer is shown gliding across more waves , clearly like an expert .	what is the color of the surfer ?	white
12906	Then another screen appears with white words and displays a sentence and the location .	then what appears with white words and displays a sentence and the location ?	screen
12906	Then another screen appears with white words and displays a sentence and the location .	what is the color of the words ?	white
12907	Two people are seen standing on a mat and begin fighting one another .	how many people are seen standing on the mat and begin fighting one another ?	two
12911	The person pushes soap into their hands , watching the soap drip down , and then scrubs their hands .	the person pushes what into their hands , , and then scrubs their hands ?	soap
12912	There 's a woman with a hand tattoo and red painted nails attaching and screwing a parts in the trunk of a car to attach the spare tire .	what is the color of the nails ?	red
12913	Then she places the spare tire into the metal case .	what does then she place into the metal case ?	tire
12917	There is a Disney princess pinata hanging from a tree .	what is there hanging from a tree ?	pinata
12918	The kids are enjoying hitting the pinata with a blue stick .	what is the color of the stick ?	blue
12920	A little girl dressed in a purple skirt tries to tear the pinata by hitting it hard with the stick .	what is the color of the skirt ?	purple
12923	The camera follows the pucks movements and leads back to the boy .	what follows the pucks movements and leads back to the boy ?	camera
12925	Three men stand on a field .	how many men stand on the field ?	three
12926	One man throws a ball on the field .	how many man throws the ball on the field ?	one
12927	Three men flip a coin .	three men flip what ?	coin
12927	Three men flip a coin .	how many men flip the coin ?	three
12928	A person is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the person playing ?	guitar
12934	Two athletes walk through wearing green and orange jerseys then saw through large logs in a competition .	how many athletes walk through wearing green and orange jerseys then saw through large logs in a competition ?	two
12936	Two athletes walk through a hallway then chop an upright log in a competition .	how many athletes walk through the hallway then chop an upright log in a competition ?	two
12938	Two athletes enter through a hallway then use a hand saw to cut through a log .	how many athletes enter through a hallway then use a hand saw to cut through a log ?	two
12939	Two athletes enter through a hallway then place boards into a log to stand on while chopping it down .	how many athletes enter through the hallway then place boards into a log to stand on while chopping it down ?	two
12942	These 2 different teams are running on the field because they 're playing shinty .	how many different teams are running on the field because they 're playing shinty ?	two
12948	A woman in a hat and a vest stands buy a cart .	what does the woman in a hat and a vest stand buy ?	cart
12948	A woman in a hat and a vest stands buy a cart .	where does the woman stand buy a cart . ?	vest
12950	A car drives by the cart .	what drives by the cart ?	car
12952	A person wearing a hat is sitting no a couch .	the person wearing what is sitting no a couch ?	hat
12958	There are two high school students in the high school cafeteria standing next to a table where some students are sitting .	how many high school students are there in the high school cafeteria standing next to a table where some students are sitting ?	two
12959	One of the students is undressing and changing his shorts while the other student in a red shirt is watching him .	what is one of the students undressing and changing ?	shorts
12959	One of the students is undressing and changing his shorts while the other student in a red shirt is watching him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
12960	After the student finishes changing , the boy in the red shirt makes fun of him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
12961	The student gets provoked and punches the boy in the red shirt on his face , causing him to fall on the ground on his head .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
12969	This girl is doing a video of how to make your white shoes become sparkly clean .	what is the color of the shoes ?	white
12973	Then she grabs the blowdryer and blowdrys the shoe and scrubs them again .	then she grabs the blowdryer and blowdrys what and scrubs them again ?	shoe
12974	Then she pours bleach into the small bowl that has baby powder in it and she puts the toothbrush in the bowl and rubs it on the shoe again .	then she pours bleach into the small bowl that has baby powder in it and she puts the toothbrush in the bowl and rubs it on what again ?	shoe
12975	Finally she wets a cloth with water and wipes the shoe off .	finally she wets what with water and wipes the shoe off ?	cloth
12975	Finally she wets a cloth with water and wipes the shoe off .	finally she wets a cloth with water and wipes what off ?	shoe
12981	She pierces a needle through the nose and holds the pliers in place .	she pierces what through the nose and holds the pliers in place ?	needle
12981	She pierces a needle through the nose and holds the pliers in place .	she pierces a needle through the nose and holds what in place ?	pliers
12982	She removes the pliers from the woman 's nose .	what does she remove from the woman 's nose ?	pliers
12993	We see a lady teaching two girls .	how many girls do we see a lady teaching ?	two
12996	We then see the closing screen .	what do we then see closing ?	screen
13004	Steps are shown for a beautiful whiskey sour .	what are shown for the beautiful whiskey sour ?	steps
13005	First the man sets his timer that 's attached to his chest and he sits down and puts his leg onto the ski .	what does first the man set and he sits down and puts his leg onto the ski ?	timer
13009	The camera focuses on and features specific parts of the machine .	what focuses on and features specific parts of the machine ?	camera
13010	The woman demonstrates folding the machine for storage .	what does the woman demonstrate for storage ?	machine
13013	One boy takes his turn and then they all begin talking again .	how many boy takes his turn ?	one
13022	Two men walk to the barrel in a yard at a barbecue and the men both reach for the last beer in the barrel .	how many men walk to the barrel in a yard at a barbecue and the men both reach for the last beer in the barrel ?	two
13024	We see a beer poured in a glass .	what do we see poured in a glass ?	beer
13026	A man rows a canoe down a river .	what does the man row down a river ?	canoe
13028	His canoe is colored red .	what is colored red ?	canoe
13036	One the window is wet , he takes the razor like stick and drags it up and down getting the water off .	what is one wet , he takes the razor like stick and drags it up and down getting the water off ?	window
13037	After the two top windows are complete , he leaves the other two untouched and walks away .	after how many top windows are complete , he leaves the other two untouched and walks away ?	two
13044	The camera pans around several men drinking a large container of alcohol and the camera panning back to the beginning .	what pans around several men drinking a large container of alcohol and the camera panning back to the beginning ?	camera
13045	The camera continues capturing the men drinking as well as talking to one another and one rubbing his eyes in the end .	what continues capturing the men drinking as well as talking to one another and one rubbing his eyes in the end ?	camera
13046	A young man is seated in a living room .	where is the young man seated . ?	room
13047	He is playing an electronic keyboard .	what is he playing ?	keyboard
13048	The keyboard is printing a document as he goes .	what is printing the document as he goes ?	keyboard
13051	A rapid river is running past a tree .	what is running past the tree ?	river
13052	A group of rafters don their gear , pushing their raft into the water .	what did the group of rafters don , ?	gear
13055	The lady fades , the child plays a flute and we see a man .	what does the lady fade , the child plays and we see a man ?	flute
13062	The camera pans around several pitting sitting at a bar as well as bartenders attending to people 's needs .	what pans around several pitting sitting at a bar as well as bartenders attending to people 's needs ?	camera
13069	The reflection of the man is in the mirror .	where is the reflection of the man . ?	mirror
13072	A woman in a blue shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field .	the woman in a blue shirt spins around and throws what onto the field ?	ball
13072	A woman in a blue shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
13073	Another person comes and throws a disk onto the field .	what does another person come and throws onto the field ?	disk
13079	A man in a yellow striped shirt is talking to the referee .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
13080	Several clips are shown of people climbing up and down rock walls while many others speak to the camera .	what are shown of people climbing up and down rock walls while many others speak to the camera ?	clips
13083	She talks to the camera and shows off her cat nails .	she talks to the camera and shows off what ?	nails
13084	She grabs a tool and begins cutting the cat 's claws .	she grabs what and begins cutting the cat 's claws ?	tool
13086	A still shot picture of a body of water appears and yellow words appear on the screen and read `` AMERICAN DISK '' and include the website .	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
13089	A black screen appears and the yellow words are displayed on the screen and read `` The Disk '' , and once again the brunette woman is speaking while standing by the water .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
13089	A black screen appears and the yellow words are displayed on the screen and read `` The Disk '' , and once again the brunette woman is speaking while standing by the water .	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
13090	The screen then goes to black and displays their website in yellow letters .	what then goes to black and displays their website in yellow letters ?	screen
13090	The screen then goes to black and displays their website in yellow letters .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
13090	The screen then goes to black and displays their website in yellow letters .	what is the color of the letters ?	yellow
13097	I see a closing screen and it fade to black .	what do i see closing and it fade to black ?	screen
13097	I see a closing screen and it fade to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
13098	A woman in a sparkling green dress talks on a stage .	what is the color of the dress ?	green
13101	They walk over to the woman in a green dress , hugging her before leaving the stage .	what is the color of the dress ?	green
13102	Two men are playing table tennis while two judges sit at either end .	how many men are playing table tennis while two judges sit at either end ?	two
13103	The men hit the ball back and forth .	what did the men hit back and forth ?	ball
13109	A man in green sitting at the end of the sand square taking video , on the sides of the square are three men .	how many men is the man in green sitting at the end of the sand square taking video , on the sides of the square are ?	three
13109	A man in green sitting at the end of the sand square taking video , on the sides of the square are three men .	what is the color of the man ?	green
13110	The young athlete in blue uniform run in a narrow lane , hopped and jump on the sandy ground .	what is the color of the uniform ?	blue
13111	Three people are in a news room , talking to the camera .	how many people are in the news room , talking to the camera ?	three
13111	Three people are in a news room , talking to the camera .	where are three people , talking to the camera . ?	room
13118	A young women in her bra and underwear sits on a bed .	where does the young women sit on a bed . ?	underwear
13119	She then applies lotion to her legs and hands .	what does she then apply to her legs and hands ?	lotion
13125	Her dress comes up over head and then down to her shoulders , she continues to spin in circles and takes the dress off and holds it like a baby .	what comes up over head and then down to her shoulders , she continues to spin in circles and takes the dress off and holds it like a baby ?	dress
13128	The dog keeps jumping back out .	what keeps jumping back out ?	dog
13136	A boy rubs soap on his hands and then onto his face .	what did the boy rub on his hands and then onto his face ?	soap
13137	The boy rinses the soap off from his face in the sink .	what does the boy rinse off from his face in the sink ?	soap
13138	The boy rolls up the towel and throws it in the corner of the room .	the boy rolls up what and throws it in the corner of the room ?	towel
13139	An old man flips an skateboard with his feet , then take it and throw to the floor and skate .	what does an old man flip with his feet , ?	skateboard
13143	A young boy in a blue sweater jumps out from the side and stands in front of a dart board .	what is the color of the sweater ?	blue
13145	After all of the darts are thrown , the camera zooms in on the darts to show what he had done .	what does , zoom in on the darts to show what he had done ?	camera
13146	A man in a black hat is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
13148	He stops playing and puts the violin down to his side .	he stops playing and puts what down to his side ?	violin
13150	Now , the human has four or five frisbees and starts to throw them rapidly for the dog to get .	now , what has four or five frisbees and starts to throw them rapidly for the dog to get ?	human
13150	Now , the human has four or five frisbees and starts to throw them rapidly for the dog to get .	now , the human has what and starts to throw them rapidly for the dog to get ?	frisbees
13152	It pans to another room and it shows a small child sitting at a drum set , sucking on a pacifier and holding two drumsticks and hitting the drums .	it pans to another room and it shows a small child sitting at a drum set , sucking on a pacifier and holding what and hitting the drums ?	drumsticks
13152	It pans to another room and it shows a small child sitting at a drum set , sucking on a pacifier and holding two drumsticks and hitting the drums .	it pans to another room and it shows a small child sitting at a drum set , sucking on a pacifier and holding two drumsticks and hitting what ?	drums
13152	It pans to another room and it shows a small child sitting at a drum set , sucking on a pacifier and holding two drumsticks and hitting the drums .	it shows a small child sitting at a drum set , sucking on a pacifier and holding how many drumsticks and hitting the drums ?	two
13154	Two men are seen holding hands with a ref holding them together and leads into an arm wrestling match .	how many men are seen holding hands with a ref holding them together and leads into an arm wrestling match ?	two
13155	One man wins and then goes on to arm wrestle several more people .	how many man wins and then goes on to arm wrestle several more people ?	one
13156	a man is talking outside in a garden .	where is the man talking . ?	garden
13158	He uses a stone to sharpen the knife for the camera .	what does he use ?	stone
13159	A drink is being poured into a glass followed by a woman grabbing a glass and pouring mixtures into it .	what is being poured into the glass followed by a woman grabbing a glass and pouring mixtures into it ?	drink
13160	She creates an alcoholic drink by pouring several different mixes together and the camera zooming in on the drink .	what does she create by pouring several different mixes together and the camera zooming in on the drink ?	drink
13160	She creates an alcoholic drink by pouring several different mixes together and the camera zooming in on the drink .	what does she create an alcoholic drink by pouring several different mixes together and zooming in on the drink ?	camera
13164	A man walks over to the end of a table that has a bunch of red cups arranged in a triangle .	what is the color of the cups ?	red
13166	The video goes to black and a graphic appears to close the clip .	what does the video go to black and appears to close the clip ?	graphic
13166	The video goes to black and a graphic appears to close the clip .	what is the color of the video ?	black
13167	A woman in a black shirt is dancing .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
13168	She is twirling a baton .	what is she twirling ?	baton
13169	She catches the baton and twirls .	she catches what and twirls ?	baton
13176	They are wearing sunglasses as they change from a lot to a paint covered warehouse .	what are they wearing ?	sunglasses
13177	A man is covered in paint and wearing boxing gloves as he gloats to the camera .	what is the man covered in paint and wearing boxing ?	gloves
13177	A man is covered in paint and wearing boxing gloves as he gloats to the camera .	where is the man covered and wearing boxing gloves as he gloats to the camera . ?	paint
13178	There are two people out on a snow tubing slope where one of them is video taping his experience of snow tubing with his friend .	how many people are there out on a snow tubing slope where one of them is video taping his experience of snow tubing with his friend ?	two
13192	kids are standing in a green grassy field flying kites .	what is the color of the field ?	green
13193	man wearing white shirt is flying the kite in a lage field .	man wearing what is flying the kite in a lage field ?	shirt
13193	man wearing white shirt is flying the kite in a lage field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
13194	litle kid wearing an orange shirt is watching the man .	litle kid wearing what is watching the man ?	shirt
13194	litle kid wearing an orange shirt is watching the man .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
13205	A computer monitor sits on a desk .	what sits on the desk ?	monitor
13212	The gymnast jumps off the bars and another gymnast is running towards them .	what does the gymnast jump off and another gymnast is running towards them ?	bars
13213	A woman dressed in a black shirt representing the company Bents is standing in a garden and demonstrating how to use Cellophane to wrap a plant for gift purposes .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
13223	A knife is put into a sharpener and moved back and forth and used on a circular sharpener .	what is put into the sharpener and moved back and forth and used on a circular sharpener ?	knife
13225	The scissors cut a purple towel and a piece of paper .	what cut the purple towel and a piece of paper ?	scissors
13225	The scissors cut a purple towel and a piece of paper .	what is the color of the towel ?	purple
13227	Mountains are seen in the distance with clouds moving over top during the afternoon .	what are seen in the distance with clouds moving over top during the afternoon ?	mountains
13228	Mountain climbers use ropes and hooks to metal clips up along cracks in a sheer rock face .	what use ropes and hooks to metal clips up along cracks in a sheer rock face ?	climbers
13229	The climber sets a metal round clips into the crack of the rock face .	what sets the metal round clips into the crack of the rock face ?	climber
13229	The climber sets a metal round clips into the crack of the rock face .	what does the climber set into the crack of the rock face ?	clips
13234	Various clips are shown of young people dancing and partying with one another as well as drinking and playing beer pong .	what are shown of young people dancing and partying with one another as well as drinking and playing beer pong ?	clips
13238	They then turn back around and go under the lift and travel further down hill on a path passing blue fences , a trail marker sign and ending at a lodge .	what is the color of the fences ?	blue
13241	A picture is shown of a baby juxtaposed beside a little girl .	what is shown of the baby juxtaposed beside a little girl ?	picture
13256	Two men are seen standing behind a table speaking to the camera and then hold up various objects to the camera .	how many men are seen standing behind the table speaking to the camera and then hold up various objects to the camera ?	two
13258	A band is marching down a street playing drums .	the band is marching down a street playing what ?	drums
13259	A woman in a black hat is standing on the street watching them .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
13263	A horse is seen off in the distance followed by a man speaking to the camera in front of a large group of horses .	what is seen off in the distance followed by a man speaking to the camera in front of a large group of horses ?	horse
13266	A chef is working in a kitchen .	where is the chef working . ?	kitchen
13267	He presses buttons on a digital screen .	what did he press on a digital screen ?	buttons
13270	The man throws the ball to the girl who bounces it back to him .	what does the man throw to the girl who bounces it back to him ?	ball
13272	A small collie is standing on top of a table .	what is standing on top of a table ?	collie
13283	A basketball shoe is cleaned next .	what is basketball cleaned next ?	shoe
13289	A young girl wearing a gray sweater with long red colored hair is brushing her hair .	the young girl wearing what with long red colored hair is brushing her hair ?	sweater
13289	A young girl wearing a gray sweater with long red colored hair is brushing her hair .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
13289	A young girl wearing a gray sweater with long red colored hair is brushing her hair .	what is the color of the hair ?	red
13290	She is using a silver paddle brush to remove the knots from her hair and de-tangle it as she brushes it through .	what is she using ?	brush
13300	The men next to him are holding instruments , waiting their turn .	what are the men next to him , ?	instruments
13302	The video shows various pictures on how to fix a roof and the man pans over the window again with material .	what does the video show on how to fix a roof and the man pans over the window again with material ?	pictures
13302	The video shows various pictures on how to fix a roof and the man pans over the window again with material .	what does the video show various pictures on how to fix a roof and the man pans over again with material ?	window
13305	The rodeo clowns distract the bull as the rider gets to safety .	the rodeo clowns distract what ?	bull
13309	A large group of people are seen holding a rope while two more walk into frame and the camera closes in on the people .	the large group of people are seen holding a rope while how many more walk into frame and the camera closes in on the people ?	two
13310	The camera continues to pan around the people and leads into a match of tug of war and the women celebrating .	what continues to pan around the people and leads into a match of tug of war and the women celebrating ?	camera
13314	A dog owner takes three dogs to a dog cleaning service and company where the dogs are washed and dried .	what takes three dogs to a dog cleaning service and company where the dogs are washed and dried ?	owner
13314	A dog owner takes three dogs to a dog cleaning service and company where the dogs are washed and dried .	the dog owner takes how many dogs to a dog cleaning service and company where the dogs are washed and dried ?	three
13315	Three dogs are shown getting dirty by waking in mud puddles and through dirt and grass .	what are shown getting dirty by waking in mud puddles and through dirt and grass ?	dogs
13315	Three dogs are shown getting dirty by waking in mud puddles and through dirt and grass .	how many dogs are shown getting dirty by waking in mud puddles and through dirt and grass ?	three
13316	The dogs are then loaded in a vehicle and taken to a dog washing company where they are placed in wash sinks .	what are then loaded in the vehicle and taken to a dog washing company where they are placed in wash sinks ?	dogs
13316	The dogs are then loaded in a vehicle and taken to a dog washing company where they are placed in wash sinks .	where are the dogs then loaded and taken to a dog washing company where they are placed in wash sinks . ?	vehicle
13317	All three dogs are washed and dried by people after which the people are shown cleaning the area where the dogs were washed .	what are washed and dried by people after which the people are shown cleaning the area where the dogs were washed ?	dogs
13317	All three dogs are washed and dried by people after which the people are shown cleaning the area where the dogs were washed .	how many dogs are washed and dried by people after which the people are shown cleaning the area where the dogs were washed ?	three
13320	He finishes his weld and backs away .	he finishes what and backs away ?	weld
13321	A man is unrolling carpet onto the floor .	what is the man unrolling onto the floor ?	carpet
13324	He then lays the carpet down on top of it and smooths it out .	he then lays what down on top of it and smooths it out ?	carpet
13325	He then vacuums the carpet when he is finished .	what does he then vacuum ?	carpet
13327	He is eating a white substance as his mother comes to check on him .	what is the color of the substance ?	white
13332	They then hold up the moss killer strips in a box .	where do they then hold up the moss killer strips . ?	box
13338	man grabs some rocks from a cup of water and sharp the knife .	what does man grab from a cup of water and sharp the knife ?	rocks
13344	A person washes and cuts open a pumpkin .	the person washes and cuts open what ?	pumpkin
13347	We then see the carved pumpkin with a candle inside and the closing screen .	what do we then see with a candle inside and the closing screen ?	pumpkin
13348	Two men are seen standing together with one speaking to the camera and the other laying on the floor .	how many men are seen standing together with one speaking to the camera and the other laying on the floor ?	two
13351	A man in a kayak is next to them .	where is the man next to them . ?	kayak
13356	The people are spreading mulch around the tree .	what are the people spreading around the tree ?	mulch
13360	A man cleans a window using a soft squeegee with detergent while explaining , then the man takes a steel wiper to clean the detergent on the window .	what does the man clean using a soft squeegee with detergent while explaining , then the man takes a steel wiper to clean the detergent on the window ?	window
13360	A man cleans a window using a soft squeegee with detergent while explaining , then the man takes a steel wiper to clean the detergent on the window .	the man cleans a window using what with detergent while explaining , then the man takes a steel wiper to clean the detergent on the window ?	squeegee
13363	A man wearing a blue shirt is throwing the shot put .	the man wearing what is throwing the shot put ?	shirt
13363	A man wearing a blue shirt is throwing the shot put .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
13364	He is going in a circular motion on a red circle painted on the ground .	what is the color of the circle ?	red
13367	A horseman throws a rope to catch a calf while people watch .	what does the horseman throw ?	rope
13368	Intermediately , the man get down the horse and tie the calf .	intermediately , the man get down the horse and tie what ?	calf
13371	Ducks are swimming in the water .	what are swimming in the water ?	ducks
13373	A woman in a black shirt and glasses talks to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
13377	A white screen with a clipart of red lion wearing a crown appears and the blue words `` British Lion Quality are around he lion .	what is the white screen with a clipart of red lion wearing a crown appears and the blue words `` british lion quality are around ?	lion
13377	A white screen with a clipart of red lion wearing a crown appears and the blue words `` British Lion Quality are around he lion .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
13377	A white screen with a clipart of red lion wearing a crown appears and the blue words `` British Lion Quality are around he lion .	what is the color of the lion ?	red
13377	A white screen with a clipart of red lion wearing a crown appears and the blue words `` British Lion Quality are around he lion .	what is the color of the words ?	blue
13378	The woman then puts butter in the pan , melts it all around , then pours her egg mix into the pan .	the woman then puts what in the pan , melts it all around , then pours her egg mix into the pan ?	butter
13378	The woman then puts butter in the pan , melts it all around , then pours her egg mix into the pan .	the woman then puts butter in the pan , melts it all around , then pours what into the pan ?	mix
13379	The woman grabs her wooden spatula and starts manipulating the eggs in the pan making sure it does n't stick and that it cooks thoroughly .	the woman grabs what and starts manipulating the eggs in the pan making sure it does n't stick and that it cooks thoroughly ?	spatula
13380	The woman then takes the egg to the white plate and folds it onto it then adds a handful of greens next to it .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
13381	A white screen appears with the red clipart lion in the middle and the blue words `` British Lion Quality '' going around it .	what appears with the red clipart lion in the middle and the blue words `` british lion quality '' going around it ?	screen
13381	A white screen appears with the red clipart lion in the middle and the blue words `` British Lion Quality '' going around it .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
13381	A white screen appears with the red clipart lion in the middle and the blue words `` British Lion Quality '' going around it .	what is the color of the lion ?	red
13381	A white screen appears with the red clipart lion in the middle and the blue words `` British Lion Quality '' going around it .	what is the color of the words ?	blue
13386	He falls off the skateboard onto the ground .	what does he fall off onto the ground ?	skateboard
13390	The woman pulls out a feather and licks it .	the woman pulls out what and licks it ?	feather
13398	A wine glass is given to a man by the woman .	what is given to the man by the woman ?	glass
13399	He denies the drink and she takes a sip .	what does he deny and she takes a sip ?	drink
13401	The camera follows a person in red pants snowboarding down a slope .	what follows the person in red pants snowboarding down a slope ?	camera
13401	The camera follows a person in red pants snowboarding down a slope .	what is the color of the pants ?	red
13402	The camera briefly pans away from the woman to focus on the slope .	what briefly pans away from the woman to focus on the slope ?	camera
13403	The camera pans away from the woman to focus on the slope .	what pans away from the woman to focus on the slope ?	camera
13404	A man is seen speaking to the camera holding a paddle and sitting in a kayak .	where is the man seen speaking to the camera holding a paddle and sitting . ?	kayak
13406	A woman rides a horse in an indoor barn while playing a game of solo polo .	what did the woman rid in an indoor barn while playing a game of solo polo ?	horse
13406	A woman rides a horse in an indoor barn while playing a game of solo polo .	where did the woman rid a horse . ?	barn
13407	A woman rides a horse in an indoor barn and plays polo while holding a polo stick and chasing a red ball in the indoor setting .	what did the woman rid in an indoor barn and plays polo ?	horse
13407	A woman rides a horse in an indoor barn and plays polo while holding a polo stick and chasing a red ball in the indoor setting .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
13409	the woman rides the horse until the sun begins to set and the scene gets darker and darker .	what did the woman rid and the scene gets darker and darker ?	horse
13413	A man wearing glasses is standing outside in the snow with some gadgets talking .	the man wearing what is standing outside in the snow with some gadgets talking ?	glasses
13414	He brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget , still talking and then grabs another shovel .	he brings forward what looking gadget , still talking and then grabs another shovel ?	shovel
13414	He brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget , still talking and then grabs another shovel .	he brings forward the blue large shovel looking what , and then grabs another shovel ?	gadget
13414	He brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget , still talking and then grabs another shovel .	he brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget , and then grabs what ?	shovel
13414	He brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget , still talking and then grabs another shovel .	what is the color of the shovel ?	blue
13415	He throws the shovel and then walks to demonstrate how to shovel up the snow .	he throws what and then walks to demonstrate how to shovel up the snow ?	shovel
13419	A bull starts chasing a man holding a colorful blanket .	what starts chasing the man holding a colorful blanket ?	bull
13420	Two horses are dragging a bull off the arena .	what are dragging the bull off the arena ?	horses
13420	Two horses are dragging a bull off the arena .	what are two horses dragging off the arena ?	bull
13420	Two horses are dragging a bull off the arena .	how many horses are dragging the bull off the arena ?	two
13422	Two women sweep , fighting over the puck , as a woman talks to the camera .	how many women sweep , is fighting over the puck , as a woman talks to the camera ?	two
13425	Several rooms and couples are shown and the ball is thrown in a cup .	what are several rooms and couples shown and is thrown in a cup ?	ball
13425	Several rooms and couples are shown and the ball is thrown in a cup .	where are several rooms and couples shown and the ball is thrown . ?	cup
13426	Once done , the camera pans out and you can see the couples are competing against each other in a room together .	what does once done , pan out and you can see the couples are competing against each other in a room together ?	camera
13427	Couples come back and more beer pong games come back .	what do couples come back and come back ?	games
13432	This elderly man is standing up cutting the red tomato into slices .	what is the color of the tomato ?	red
13445	The woman then closes the drawer and brushes it some more .	the woman then closes what and brushes it some more ?	drawer
13456	He measures the floor with a ruler followed by him putting plaster down on the floor and putting the mat back down .	what does he measure with a ruler followed by him putting plaster down on the floor and putting the mat back down ?	floor
13457	A young baby is outside in murky water holding on to a white bar .	what is the color of the bar ?	white
13458	Two men push him and he is shown riding a water vehicle being pulled by some type of thing .	how many men push him ?	two
13460	A person is seen shirtless standing in a kitchen and holding a mop .	where is the person seen shirtless standing and holding a mop . ?	kitchen
13463	A man is putting ingredients into a pan .	what is the man putting into a pan ?	ingredients
13465	He puts it on a plate and shows the camera .	he puts it on a plate and shows what ?	camera
13470	More clips are shown of people playing the game on the field with the audience cheers and players move around the field .	what are shown of people playing the game on the field with the audience cheers and players move around the field ?	clips
13472	A man straps his snowboard on .	what does the man strap on ?	snowboard
13484	The man applies his glove to his left hand .	what does the man apply to his left hand ?	glove
13489	Two boys in blue karate suits and red belts are standing on a stage in a school cafeteria and they are doing a karate routine in unison .	how many boys in blue karate suits and red belts are standing on a stage in a school cafeteria ?	two
13489	Two boys in blue karate suits and red belts are standing on a stage in a school cafeteria and they are doing a karate routine in unison .	what is the color of the suits ?	blue
13489	Two boys in blue karate suits and red belts are standing on a stage in a school cafeteria and they are doing a karate routine in unison .	what is the color of the belts ?	red
13493	The man pushes the real mower back and forth .	what does the man push back and forth ?	mower
13496	Then , the person arrives to a flat area where there are four people .	then , the person arrives to a flat area where there are how many people ?	four
13505	A man in a green shirt is talking into a microphone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
13508	Two of the guys are stopped on a road and then all of a sudden one of them picks up a skateboard and throws it very hard against the wall .	what are two of the guys stopped on a road and then all of a sudden one of them picks up and throws it very hard against the wall ?	skateboard
13509	The guys are shown skateboarding again and this time they are wearing helmets as they skateboard down the roads in this city going very fast and doing multiple various tricks .	what are the guys shown and this time they are wearing ?	helmets
13513	We see a title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
13514	We see a 4 ladies throwing the hammer .	how many ladies do we see throwing the hammer ?	four
13524	First she pours one ounce of whiskey over ice into the ross glass .	how many ounce does first she pour of whiskey over ice into the ross glass ?	one
13525	Then she pours citrus into the glass and puts a straw into it .	then she pours what into the glass and puts a straw into it ?	citrus
13536	The white ball falls off the pool table .	what falls off the pool table ?	ball
13536	The white ball falls off the pool table .	what does the white ball fall off ?	table
13536	The white ball falls off the pool table .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
13537	The lady picks up the white ball from the floor .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
13539	The raft stops and the cameraman gets up and walks around while filming the ground .	what stops and the cameraman gets up and walks around while filming the ground ?	raft
13540	A hand then covers the camera .	what does the hand then cover ?	camera
13542	She sets the knife down on the table .	what does she set down on the table ?	knife
13553	There two women boxers competing in kickboxing against each other in a boxing event .	how many women does there boxers compete in kickboxing against each other in a boxing event ?	two
13558	The boxer in the black uniform punches the boxer in red and makes her fall down .	what is the color of the uniform ?	black
13560	The boxer in black strikes back at her opponent and the boxer in red punches her face .	what is the color of the strikes ?	black
13561	The referee declares the boxer in black as the winner and crowd applauds her victory .	what is the color of the boxer ?	black
13562	A camera pans around a person standing and leads into him looking off into the distance and carrying gear .	what pans around the person standing and leads into him looking off into the distance and carrying gear ?	camera
13565	Two men are boxing inside a gym .	how many men are boxing inside a gym ?	two
13567	The two men kick and alternate blows with punches .	how many men kick and alternate blows with punches ?	two
13568	A woman is sanding a book shelf with a sander .	what is the woman sanding with a sander ?	shelf
13582	A camera zooms in on a person playing guitar and leads into a man speaking .	what zooms in on the person playing guitar and leads into a man speaking ?	camera
13588	The woman then wears a glove and brushes the horse all over while the capture captures her movements and the horse .	the woman then wears what and brushes the horse all over while the capture captures her movements and the horse ?	glove
13588	The woman then wears a glove and brushes the horse all over while the capture captures her movements and the horse .	the woman then wears a glove and brushes what all over ?	horse
13590	Beets are being chopped up on a chopping block .	what are being chopped up on the chopping block ?	beets
13591	They are put in a pan and covered with water .	where are they put and covered with water . ?	pan
13594	Carrots are grated over the kale .	what are grated over the kale ?	carrots
13595	A tomato is diced and mixed with dressing .	what is diced and mixed with dressing ?	tomato
13602	Many people are dancing , falling off skateboards , and performing various tricks like tightrope walking and flips .	many people are dancing , falling off what , and performing various tricks like tightrope walking and flips ?	skateboards
13604	A train goes by on a track , and several cars are seen driving on a wet road .	what goes by on the track , and several cars are seen driving on a wet road ?	train
13604	A train goes by on a track , and several cars are seen driving on a wet road .	what does the train go by on a track , and are seen driving on a wet road ?	cars
13606	She uses equipment to lift the car from the ground , then removes the tire .	what does she use , then removes the tire ?	equipment
13607	She replaces the bad tire with a spare .	what does she replace with a spare ?	tire
13608	she then puts away her equipment and gives a thumbs up before driving safely away .	she then puts away what and gives a thumbs up before driving safely away ?	equipment
13610	He is being pulled by a red rope that is fastened to a steamboat .	what is the color of the rope ?	red
13612	snowboarder is in big field in white snow .	what is the color of the snow ?	white
13614	people is in cubicle and moving down the mountain in snowboard and pass by a parking lot .	where is people and moving down the mountain in snowboard and pass by a parking lot . ?	cubicle
13616	She then puts her shoe on the foot and the dog looks off into the distance .	what does she then put on the foot and the dog looks off into the distance ?	shoe
13616	She then puts her shoe on the foot and the dog looks off into the distance .	what does she then put her shoe on the foot and looks off into the distance ?	dog
13617	A cooker shows ingredients to make salad pasta while talking .	what shows ingredients to make salad pasta while talking ?	cooker
13618	The cooker puts pasta on a square container and adds vegetables .	what puts pasta on a square container and adds vegetables ?	cooker
13618	The cooker puts pasta on a square container and adds vegetables .	the cooker puts what on a square container and adds vegetables ?	pasta
13618	The cooker puts pasta on a square container and adds vegetables .	the cooker puts pasta on a square container and adds what ?	vegetables
13619	Then , the cooker adds cheese , broth , white cream , salt and then he mix it .	what is the color of the cream ?	white
13620	The man serves the pasta with a piece of tomato and he taste the salad .	what does the man serve with a piece of tomato and he taste the salad ?	pasta
13620	The man serves the pasta with a piece of tomato and he taste the salad .	what does the man serve the pasta with a piece of tomato and he taste ?	salad
13622	She then holds the stick up and pole volts herself onto a mat .	she then holds what up and pole volts herself onto a mat ?	stick
13628	Two men speak on walkie talkies on the side and the men drive the cars into one another .	what do two men speak on walkie talkies on the side and the men drive into one another ?	cars
13628	Two men speak on walkie talkies on the side and the men drive the cars into one another .	how many men speak on walkie talkies on the side ?	two
13629	One pushes the car back and the men all get out and speak to one another .	what does one push back and the men all get out and speak to one another ?	car
13630	Another car is test with the men speaking to the camera and pushes the car back while others look in disbelief .	what is test with the men speaking to the camera and pushes the car back while others look in disbelief ?	car
13632	A reporter holding a microphone , stands outside of a soul cycle store speaking to the camera , and then enters the store and interviews a soul cycle instructor .	the reporter holding what , stands outside of a soul cycle store speaking to the camera , and then enters the store and interviews a soul cycle instructor ?	microphone
13633	The reporter then changes clothes and takes a soul cycle class interspersed with video of instructor led soul cycle classes .	the reporter then changes what and takes a soul cycle class interspersed with video of instructor led soul cycle classes ?	clothes
13637	We see a title screen on black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
13639	Cars begin to pass the lady .	what begin to pass the lady ?	cars
13640	The lady passes parked cars .	what does the lady pass ?	cars
13643	We see the ending screen on black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
13646	They drop the scarves , focusing solely on the dance before dropping to the ground , then rising and dancing off stage .	what do they drop , ?	scarves
13660	A man is seen standing in a black room and proceeds to play a flute while the camera captures him .	what is the color of the room ?	black
13663	boys do back flips on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
13665	Two guys body roll with each other on the mat .	how many guys body roll with each other on the mat ?	two
13667	A gift wrapped present is wrapped with a clear plastic and taped in place .	what wrapped present is wrapped with a clear plastic and taped in place ?	gift
13668	Red ribbons are tied at each end .	what are tied at each end ?	ribbons
13670	The final wrapped product is laying on the table .	what is laying on the table ?	product
13676	The girl slides down into a ball pool then climbs back up the slide .	then climbs back up what ?	slide
13680	The child walks over a suspension bridge then then over a bridge with nets .	what does the child walk over then then over a bridge with nets ?	bridge
13682	the girl climbs up the slide railing .	what does the girl climb up ?	railing
13683	The girl slides down a steep orange slide .	what is the color of the slide ?	orange
13684	Balls are thrown at the girl and she throws them back laughing .	what are thrown at the girl and she throws them back laughing ?	balls
13688	A man holding a violin is speaking to the camera with a young boy who is also holding a violin .	the man holding what is speaking to the camera with a young boy who is also holding a violin ?	violin
13691	A persons hands are seen laying clay out onto a cake and begins painting objects on the side .	the persons hands are seen and begins what on the side ?	objects
13692	The woman puts the decorations around the cake and continues decorating more objects on the side .	the woman puts what around the cake and continues decorating more objects on the side ?	decorations
13693	She finishes the cake by adding the final decorations and presenting it to the camera .	what does she finish by adding the final decorations and presenting it to the camera ?	cake
13695	The players are yelling and then the ball is hit towards the goal and deflected as the crowd cheers them on .	what are the players yelling and then is hit towards the goal and deflected as the crowd cheers them on ?	ball
13696	The ball is then thrown back into the pool .	what is then thrown back into the pool ?	ball
13697	A woman in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
13699	Two people are sitting on a bean bag chair .	how many people are sitting on the bean bag chair ?	two
13701	A man wearing a white shirt stands in a kitchen with a mop .	the man wearing what stands in a kitchen with a mop ?	shirt
13701	A man wearing a white shirt stands in a kitchen with a mop .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
13704	Two trains drive along an elevated rail in a city .	what drive along an elevated rail in a city ?	trains
13704	Two trains drive along an elevated rail in a city .	how many trains drive along an elevated rail in a city ?	two
13705	The camera pans to show a man playing a harmonica while sitting on a log beside a river .	what pans to show the man playing a harmonica while sitting on a log beside a river ?	camera
13712	The man picks up the tool and touches it to something on the table making sparks fly .	the man picks up what and touches it to something on the table making sparks fly ?	tool
13715	The man pulls his face mask back down and begins to use the tool again sending sparks flying again .	the man pulls what back down and begins to use the tool again sending sparks flying again ?	mask
13717	He touches the tool to the item one more time .	what did he touch to the item one more time ?	tool
13721	Two men then hit the balls around the table back and fourth while many watch and react around them .	what did two men then hit around the table back and fourth ?	balls
13721	Two men then hit the balls around the table back and fourth while many watch and react around them .	how many men then hit the balls around the table back and fourth while many watch and react around them ?	two
13730	He uses the tool to push a carpet area over and continues talking to the camera .	he uses what and continues talking to the camera ?	tool
13732	Several kites fly in the air , in a bright blue sky , over a sandy area .	what fly in the air , in a bright blue sky , over a sandy area ?	kites
13732	Several kites fly in the air , in a bright blue sky , over a sandy area .	what is the color of the sky ?	blue
13734	More kites fly as people watch the varied styles of kite , including one kite shaped like a dog .	what fly as people watch the varied styles of kite , including one kite shaped like a dog ?	kites
13736	A finger enters the screen .	what does the finger enter ?	screen
13741	A man in a gym is donning a pair of boxing gloves .	where is the man donning a pair of boxing gloves . ?	gym
13744	We see a black opening logo .	what do we see ?	logo
13744	We see a black opening logo .	what is the color of the logo ?	black
13745	A man etches a pumpkin with a knife like tool .	what does the man etch with a knife like tool ?	pumpkin
13747	We see the pumpkin with a light inside of it .	what do we see with a light inside of it ?	pumpkin
13750	A dog runs by the man and woman .	what runs by the man and woman ?	dog
13756	The host enters a gun store and dances around .	the host enters what and dances around ?	store
13760	A camera pans out away from a beach followed by hundreds of people rowing canoes .	what pans out away from the beach followed by hundreds of people rowing canoes ?	camera
13762	The man checks his phone and looks off into the distance and another shot of people canoeing are shown .	the man checks what and looks off into the distance and another shot of people canoeing are shown ?	phone
13763	We see the title on the black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
13770	A man spreads a white sheet onto a wall .	what does the man spread onto a wall ?	sheet
13770	A man spreads a white sheet onto a wall .	what is the color of the sheet ?	white
13771	He then presses a sheet with a photo printed onto it onto the white background .	what does he then press with a photo printed onto it onto the white background ?	sheet
13771	He then presses a sheet with a photo printed onto it onto the white background .	what is the color of the background ?	white
13772	When he is finished , there is a photo of a yellow motorbike parked against a brick wall on a living room wall .	what is the color of the motorbike ?	yellow
13782	A camera records a shop with two people standing inside , eventually leading over to a group of people standing by docks .	what records the shop with two people standing inside , eventually leading over to a group of people standing by docks ?	camera
13782	A camera records a shop with two people standing inside , eventually leading over to a group of people standing by docks .	what does the camera record with two people standing inside , eventually leading over to a group of people standing by docks ?	shop
13787	A man wearing surgical clothes demonstrates the proper way to wash hands for surgical procedures and first removes jewelry .	the man wearing what demonstrates the proper way to wash hands for surgical procedures and first removes jewelry ?	clothes
13787	A man wearing surgical clothes demonstrates the proper way to wash hands for surgical procedures and first removes jewelry .	what is the man wearing surgical clothes demonstrates the proper way and first removes ?	jewelry
13789	The surgeon then rubs the palms together and builds a lather .	the surgeon then rubs the palms together and builds what ?	lather
13796	The camera pans all around to people sitting in the raft and continuing to move along and move under a bridge .	what pans all around to people sitting in the raft and continuing to move along and move under a bridge ?	camera
13798	The girl walks around the room back and fourth while holding a tennis racket and hitting a ball .	what does the girl walk around back and fourth ?	room
13800	There are two brown hot dog dogs standing at a gate that 's at the end of a staircase .	what are there standing at a gate that 's at the end of a staircase ?	dogs
13800	There are two brown hot dog dogs standing at a gate that 's at the end of a staircase .	how many brown hot dog dogs are there standing at a gate that 's at the end of a staircase ?	two
13800	There are two brown hot dog dogs standing at a gate that 's at the end of a staircase .	what is the color of the dogs ?	brown
13804	People ride camels through the desert .	what do people ride through the desert ?	camels
13806	The first camel group begins walking back to the camera .	what begins walking back to the camera ?	group
13809	She taps it over and over again , but does n't break the pinata .	she taps it over and over again , but does n't break what ?	pinata
13819	A large wheel is spinning nonstop on a stand .	what is spinning nonstop on a stand ?	wheel
13821	The bike wheel is then adjusted and fixed .	what is then adjusted and fixed ?	wheel
13823	The camera zooms in on the bars and the person pours liquid into the side .	what zooms in on the bars and the person pours liquid into the side ?	camera
13826	She juices her lemons on a cutting board , with a knife and bowl .	what did she juices on a cutting board , with a knife and bowl ?	lemons
13827	She strains her juice into a bigger cup .	what did she strain into a bigger cup ?	juice
13828	At an oven , she prepares simple sugar with water and sugar .	what does at an oven , she prepare with water and sugar ?	sugar
13830	She shows other lemonade recipes .	what does she show ?	recipes
13831	A man in a blue shirt lifts a kid onto a counter .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
13834	Two women are seen speaking to one another and lead into a game of volleyball played by a large group of people .	how many women are seen speaking to one another and lead into a game of volleyball played by a large group of people ?	two
13836	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
13841	A person with no arms is seen sitting in a chair and playing the guitar with his feet .	where is the person with no arms seen sitting and playing the guitar with his feet . ?	chair
13843	A woman in a white dress walks into her house all happy only to be very disappointed when she see 's the dishes in the sink .	what is the color of the dress ?	white
13847	She rubs the lotion onto her face .	what did she rub onto her face ?	lotion
13852	A ball exit form a container .	what form the container ?	exit
13852	A ball exit form a container .	what do the ball exit form ?	container
13855	A child is hitting a ball over a net in a gym .	what is the child hitting over a net in a gym ?	ball
13859	The person then holds their eye open and putting the lens in followed by looking back to the camera .	what does the person then hold their eye open and putting in followed by looking back to the camera ?	lens
13861	There 's a fast flowing turbulent river flowing under a bridge .	what does there 's flowing under a bridge ?	river
13862	The scenic mountain view shows clouds blowing in the wind .	what shows clouds blowing in the wind ?	view
13864	The rafters begin their adventure in the wild and turbulent river water as they try to stay afloat .	what begin their adventure in the wild and turbulent river water as they try to stay afloat ?	rafters
13865	The river waves are so turbulent that it causes the raft to overturn and drown the rafters in the strong waves .	what are so turbulent that it causes the raft to overturn and drown the rafters in the strong waves ?	waves
13866	The rafters try hard to stay in the raft as they fight the fierce waves of the river to stay afloat .	what try hard to stay in the raft as they fight the fierce waves of the river to stay afloat ?	rafters
13866	The rafters try hard to stay in the raft as they fight the fierce waves of the river to stay afloat .	where do the rafters try hard to stay as they fight the fierce waves of the river to stay afloat . ?	raft
13873	First she puts the sausage on a baking sheet that has aluminum foil on it and she puts it in the oven .	what does first she put on a baking sheet that has aluminum foil on it and she puts it in the oven ?	sausage
13874	Next she pours tomatoes into a small blender and she blends them up .	what does next she pour into a small blender and she blends them up ?	tomatoes
13875	Then she pours crushed red peppers and garlic into the skillet and she pours the tomato sauce into it .	then she pours what and garlic into the skillet and she pours the tomato sauce into it ?	peppers
13875	Then she pours crushed red peppers and garlic into the skillet and she pours the tomato sauce into it .	then she pours crushed red peppers and garlic into the skillet and she pours what into it ?	sauce
13875	Then she pours crushed red peppers and garlic into the skillet and she pours the tomato sauce into it .	what is the color of the peppers ?	red
13886	The various boats continue riding all along the water with the winner jumping in the water and standing proudly on the podium .	what continue riding all along the water with the winner jumping in the water and standing proudly on the podium ?	boats
13888	A man approaches a square , paved , white surface surrounded by black netting .	what is the color of the surface ?	white
13888	A man approaches a square , paved , white surface surrounded by black netting .	what is the color of the netting ?	black
13889	The man spins in place to gain momentum and releases/throws the hammer ball .	the man spins in place and releases/throws what ?	ball
13890	Two people emerge with a long tape measure to measure the distance the hammer ball was thrown .	how many people emerge with the long tape measure to measure the distance the hammer ball was thrown ?	two
13902	Several products are shown close up as well as a person 's nails being painted and put under heat .	what are shown close up as well as the person 's nails being painted and put under heat ?	products
13904	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
13906	We see a man hop and deflect a ball from the net in slow motion .	we see a man hop and deflect what from the net in slow motion ?	ball
13907	We see two men collide in slow motion .	how many men do we see collide in slow motion ?	two
13908	The little boy is at the sink brushing the pot .	what is the little boy at the sink brushing ?	pot
13909	The boy lift the brush from the pot and brush the sink instead , then he put it in the pot .	the boy lift the brush from the pot and brush what instead , then he put it in the pot ?	sink
13914	The girl lowers her violin and wand at the end of the performance .	the girl lowers what and wand at the end of the performance ?	violin
13915	A person wearing safety gear holds a metal rod with a clamp .	the person wearing what holds a metal rod with a clamp ?	gear
13915	A person wearing safety gear holds a metal rod with a clamp .	what is the person wearing safety gear holds with a clamp ?	rod
13917	Smoke comes form the clamp .	what does smoke come form ?	clamp
13919	A brush begins painting blue onto the canvas .	what does the brush begin onto the canvas ?	blue
13921	The ocean is completed in the final scene .	what is completed in the final scene ?	ocean
13928	The young man does two sit ups .	how many sit ups does the young man do ?	two
13929	The camera shows the top of the doorway focusing on the bar and the young man 's feet secured at the top of the doorway .	what shows the top of the doorway focusing on the bar and the young man 's feet secured at the top of the doorway ?	camera
13930	The camera returns to the full view of the young man doing sit ups in the doorway .	what returns to the full view of the young man doing sit ups in the doorway ?	camera
13932	A man is driving a riding lawn mower .	what is the man driving riding ?	mower
13938	The next drink she makes is vodka seven .	what is vodka seven ?	drink
13938	The next drink she makes is vodka seven .	what is the next drink ?	vodka
13946	The chain is then placed around a tree stump and the man picks up an ax .	what is the chain then placed around a tree stump and the man picks up ?	ax
13947	The man hits the stumps continuously until the stump is broken up into pieces and then he unchains it in the back of his truck .	what does the man hit continuously and then he unchains it in the back of his truck ?	stumps
13962	The person moves the welding tool behind .	what does the person move welding behind ?	tool
13963	Two small kids sit in a box at the top of slide in an indoor play area .	how many small kids sit in the box at the top of slide in an indoor play area ?	two
13966	The boys connect a slide to the first one and try out the new slide .	the boys connect what to the first one and try out the new slide ?	slide
13966	The boys connect a slide to the first one and try out the new slide .	the boys connect a slide to the first one and try out what ?	slide
13967	Two kids run over and away .	how many kids run over and away ?	two
13968	The last boy runs off and we see the slide ladder .	what does the last boy run off and we see ?	ladder
13969	Two people are kayaking down a rough river .	how many people are kayaking down the rough river ?	two
13970	Now only one person can be seen going by the rocks .	how many person can now be seen going by the rocks ?	one
13975	We see a title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
13979	The man then , and adjusts the shifter lever .	what does the man then , and adjust ?	lever
13986	There 's a woman in a gray shirt and black tights and very short hair performing tricks with a small stick in her backyard by the swing .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
13986	There 's a woman in a gray shirt and black tights and very short hair performing tricks with a small stick in her backyard by the swing .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
13993	They mix the eggs around a bowl and place butter and milk into another bowl and mix them all together .	they mix what around a bowl and place butter and milk into another bowl and mix them all together ?	eggs
13994	They add several more ingredients to the mixture and show the end result of cookies sitting on a plate .	they add what to the mixture and show the end result of cookies sitting on a plate ?	ingredients
13996	His wife is cleaning off a piece of white bedframe quickly .	what is the color of the bedframe ?	white
14004	Then , teen puts the contact lens on the index finger and then puts again it in his right aye .	then , teen puts contact what on the index finger and then puts again it in his right aye ?	lens
14016	A marching band plays in a stadium while the cheerleaders perform on side .	where does the marching band play while the cheerleaders perform on side . ?	stadium
14022	People kick a ball indoor between yellow cones on fake grass .	what is the color of the cones ?	yellow
14024	Players kick a ball that knocks down a yellow cone which they pick up .	what do players kick ?	ball
14024	Players kick a ball that knocks down a yellow cone which they pick up .	what is the color of the cone ?	yellow
14029	The camera shows three judges of the event standing and clapping or pointing .	what shows three judges of the event standing and clapping or pointing ?	camera
14029	The camera shows three judges of the event standing and clapping or pointing .	how many judges does the camera show of the event standing and clapping or pointing ?	three
14030	Two women are arm wrestling on a table .	how many women are arm wrestling on a table ?	two
14037	A gymnast holds a ball attached with a string and then spins holding the ball .	the gymnast holds what attached with a string and then spins holding the ball ?	ball
14038	Then , the gymnast throw the ball while spinning in the field .	what do then , the gymnast throw while spinning in the field ?	ball
14042	A female chef in white uniform shows a stack of baking pans in a large kitchen presenting them .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
14043	The pans are filled with pastries and loaded into the oven .	what are filled with pastries and loaded into the oven ?	pans
14044	A knife is used to cut cylinder shaped dough into rounds .	what is used to cut cylinder shaped dough into rounds ?	knife
14049	The man in yellow shirt is bouncing the ball on the paddle .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
14050	The player almost hit the ball with the paddle .	what did the player almost hit with the paddle ?	ball
14051	Two player as pushing each other .	how many player as is pushing each other ?	two
14055	We see an instructional screen .	what do we see ?	screen
14056	We see two men playing a game of squash .	how many men do we see playing a game of squash ?	two
14057	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
14058	Two women are seen speaking to the camera and lead into rubbing down furniture as well as showing off polish .	how many women are seen speaking to the camera and lead into rubbing down furniture as well as showing off polish ?	two
14065	The trumpet player walks over and picks up a bell .	the trumpet player walks over and picks up what ?	bell
14067	A man in a green shirt is waving a red towel .	what is the man in a green shirt waving ?	towel
14067	A man in a green shirt is waving a red towel .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
14067	A man in a green shirt is waving a red towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	red
14068	A brown bull knocks a person to the ground .	what knocks the person to the ground ?	bull
14068	A brown bull knocks a person to the ground .	what is the color of the bull ?	brown
14072	More clips are shown of the kids playing with one another and laughing to the camera .	what are shown of the kids playing with one another and laughing to the camera ?	clips
14074	The man moves up and down a bar while swinging his arms around and walks to the camera in the end .	the man moves up and down what and walks to the camera in the end ?	bar
14075	A gymnast wearing a red and black uniform jumps on the horse bar .	the gymnast wearing what jumps on the horse bar ?	uniform
14077	The the third time she jumps again on the horse bar and raises her left foot , does a front flip and gets off the bar .	the the third time , does a front flip and gets off what ?	bar
14078	She repeats the same steps again and jumps off the horse bar .	she repeats what again and jumps off the horse bar ?	steps
14078	She repeats the same steps again and jumps off the horse bar .	she repeats the same steps again and jumps off what ?	bar
14079	Two people are seen performing tango moves slowly while text appears on the screen .	how many people are seen performing tango moves slowly while text appears on the screen ?	two
14086	She then brushes the horse 's mane thoroughly while still looking to the camera and speaking .	what does she then brush mane thoroughly ?	horse
14086	She then brushes the horse 's mane thoroughly while still looking to the camera and speaking .	what does she then brush thoroughly ?	mane
14087	A man talks with a saleswoman who trims a plant in a pot , then the man put away the plant .	the man talks with a saleswoman who trims a plant in a pot , then the man put away what ?	plant
14090	More clips are shown of the person riding back and fourth on the board .	what are shown of the person riding back and fourth on the board ?	clips
14097	A man talks to the camera as people begin going down a man made white water river on kayaks .	what is the color of the river ?	white
14102	The camera continues to pan around the riders getting ready and finally jumping down and racing along the dirt path .	what continues to pan around the riders getting ready and finally jumping down and racing along the dirt path ?	camera
14103	A person talks in the street , then the person skateboard on the road .	where did the person talks , then the person skateboard on the road . ?	street
14104	Then , the person kicks the skateboard back .	what does then , the person kick back ?	skateboard
14107	woman is standing in a big room holding an epee and aman walks in and holds other epee and start fighting with the woman .	where is woman standing holding an epee and aman walks in and holds other epee and start fighting with the woman . ?	room
14109	man gives a black mask to the woman and wear it .	man gives what to the woman and wear it ?	mask
14109	man gives a black mask to the woman and wear it .	what is the color of the mask ?	black
14110	A child in a stable brushing a horse hair .	what is the child in a stable brushing ?	hair
14110	A child in a stable brushing a horse hair .	where is the child brushing a horse hair . ?	stable
14112	A camera zooms in on a person performing a routine on a large stage spinning a baton into the air .	what zooms in on the person performing a routine on a large stage spinning a baton into the air ?	camera
14116	Two people are chilling out on their skateboards .	how many people are chilling out on their skateboards ?	two
14119	She puts the rope under her feet and starts demonstrating a little bit .	she puts what under her feet and starts demonstrating a little bit ?	rope
14122	A man in the tuxedo starts explaining black jack .	what is the color of the jack ?	black
14122	A man in the tuxedo starts explaining black jack .	where does the man start explaining black jack . ?	tuxedo
14125	The man in the tuxedo continues to explain the rules of blackjack .	where does the man continue to explain the rules of blackjack . ?	tuxedo
14126	two women are standing no a table arm wrestling in the middle of stage .	how many women are standing no a table arm wrestling in the middle of stage ?	two
14127	referee wearing black and white shirt is standing behind the girls .	referee wearing what is standing behind the girls ?	shirt
14128	two hot women are arm wrestling on a table and referees are standing in front or sitting in the back .	how many hot women are arm wrestling on a table ?	two
14133	The two players hug each other and raise the woman 's arm in victory .	how many players hug each other and raise the woman 's arm in victory ?	two
14134	An animated new paper clipping is shown and the video consists of a bunch of letters in black block letters giving the title .	what is the color of the letters ?	black
14136	The young woman then walks over to a male dressed in all black and begins asking him questions about the game .	what is the color of the male ?	black
14140	A gray dog is walking outdoors , and the owner is young white male who is walking along with the dog outdoors and talking to the camera .	what is walking outdoors , and the owner is young white male who is walking along with the dog outdoors and talking to the camera ?	dog
14140	A gray dog is walking outdoors , and the owner is young white male who is walking along with the dog outdoors and talking to the camera .	what is the color of the dog ?	gray
14140	A gray dog is walking outdoors , and the owner is young white male who is walking along with the dog outdoors and talking to the camera .	what is the color of the male ?	white
14141	A screen appears that displays two logos in the middel and the text above the logos read `` BEHIND THE SCENES '' and under the logo words read `` PRESENTED BY : GEICO '' .	what appears that displays two logos in the middel and the text above the logos read `` behind the scenes '' and under the logo words read `` presented by : geico '' ?	screen
14141	A screen appears that displays two logos in the middel and the text above the logos read `` BEHIND THE SCENES '' and under the logo words read `` PRESENTED BY : GEICO '' .	the screen appears that displays how many logos in the middel and the text above the logos read `` behind the scenes '' and under the logo words read `` presented by : geico '' ?	two
14148	A man in a red shirt is tattooing the man laying down .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
14155	A dog is seen running around a man in the middle of an open field .	what is seen running around the man in the middle of an open field ?	dog
14159	man is in a room with a digital paper machine and the machine is printing a sign .	what is man in a room with a digital paper machine and is printing a sign ?	machine
14160	men are sticking the wallpaper to a white wall .	what is the color of the wall ?	white
14164	she brushes the toothbrush on the sink edges to clean it .	what did she brush on the sink edges ?	toothbrush
14166	Then she takes some vinegar on the wash cloth and wipes the sink down with it .	then she takes some vinegar on the wash cloth and wipes what down with it ?	sink
14172	The ingredients list appears and the host talks about them .	what appears and the host talks about them ?	list
14174	Next lemons are sliced on a cutting board .	what are sliced on the cutting board ?	lemons
14175	The many lemons are juiced one by one .	what are juiced one by one ?	lemons
14176	The host fills the container with ice and pours in the liquid ingredients , followed by basil and lemon slices .	the host fills what with ice and pours in the liquid ingredients , followed by basil and lemon slices ?	container
14178	A large pool is seen followed by a person walking in and falling off a board .	what is seen followed by the person walking in and falling off a board ?	pool
14180	Several more clips are shown of people attempting to dive in the water but failing .	what are shown of people attempting to dive in the water but failing ?	clips
14181	girlwearnig a purple body is in fornt of a balance pole and make a jump to stands on top .	what is the color of the body ?	purple
14185	A man in a brown suit is talking .	what is the color of the suit ?	brown
14191	The camera pans around the wet dog as the man continues to wash him and he shakes off .	what pans around the wet dog as the man continues to wash him and he shakes off ?	camera
14192	He pours more shampoo on the dog and rubs the shampoo into it 's fur .	he pours what on the dog and rubs the shampoo into it 's fur ?	shampoo
14192	He pours more shampoo on the dog and rubs the shampoo into it 's fur .	he pours more shampoo on the dog and rubs what into it 's fur ?	shampoo
14194	He measures the slat to put between the door opening .	what does he measure ?	slat
14196	He puts a wooden slat in the door entrance .	where does he put a wooden slat . ?	entrance
14197	He picks the slat up .	what does he pick up ?	slat
14198	He cuts the slat .	what does he cut ?	slat
14199	He lays the slat down again .	what does he lay down again ?	slat
14202	A lady is feeding a baby ice cream in a car .	where is the lady feeding a baby ice cream . ?	car
14210	She adds some eggs to the flour along with vanilla essence .	what does she add to the flour along with vanilla essence ?	eggs
14214	Then she pours the mixture in a baking bowl .	where does then she pour the mixture . ?	bowl
14216	She bakes the cake and pulls it out when it 's done .	she bakes what and pulls it out when it 's done ?	cake
14217	She also shows some other baked goodies that she has prepared .	what does she also show ?	goodies
14220	More clips are shown of people throwing frisbees and dogs following after .	what are shown of people throwing frisbees and dogs following after ?	clips
14227	The man grabs the ball and takes a big step behind him and throws the ball .	the man grabs what and takes a big step behind him and throws the ball ?	ball
14227	The man grabs the ball and takes a big step behind him and throws the ball .	the man grabs the ball and takes a big step behind him and throws what ?	ball
14229	The man does a 90 degree move around as he holds the ball against his neck .	how many degree does the man do move around as he holds the ball against his neck ?	90
14230	The man holds the ball against his neck as he does a full 180 degree rotation with his body .	what does the man hold against his neck ?	ball
14230	The man holds the ball against his neck as he does a full 180 degree rotation with his body .	the man holds the ball against his neck as he does how many degree rotation with his body ?	180
14237	We see the opening screen on gray .	what do we see on gray ?	screen
14242	The boy is opening the box .	what is the boy opening ?	box
14243	He then removes the bike .	what does he then remove ?	bicycle
14245	He is assembling the bike .	what is he assembling ?	bicycle
14248	A food attendant prepares an ice cream cone from a frozen yogurt dispenser .	what does the food attendant prepare from a frozen yogurt dispenser ?	cone
14259	A bench is shown in a backyard in front of bushes .	what is shown in the backyard in front of bushes ?	bench
14260	A man is using a ladder to trim the hedges .	what is the man using ?	ladder
14261	He moves the bench , and walks around with the ladder , continuing to trim hedges .	he moves what , and walks around with the ladder , ?	bench
14267	A small horse is outside in a field being held by a rope that is attached to a belt wrapped around the horse 's neck .	what is outside in the field being held by a rope that is attached to a belt wrapped around the horse 's neck ?	horse
14268	However , the horse does n't seem to please and begins moving his lip trying to avoid the treatment .	however , what does n't seem to please and begins moving his lip trying to avoid the treatment ?	horse
14273	The boy then returns to the curbside and puts one foot on the board and the other on the ground as he stands still .	the boy then returns to the curbside and puts how many foot on the board and the other on the ground as he stands still ?	one
14276	The person puts the glove on a dog with it 's claw sticking through the hole .	what does the person put on a dog with it 's claw sticking through the hole ?	glove
14277	A person shows a clipping tool .	what does the person show ?	tool
14278	The person then sands the dogs claw with an electric sander .	what did the person then sand with an electric sander ?	claw
14279	Two young boys are at a sink .	how many young boys are at the sink ?	two
14281	He is washing the dishes .	what is he washing ?	dishes
14291	She picks up a clear box and opens it .	she picks up what and opens it ?	box
14292	She closes the box and puts it away .	she closes what and puts it away ?	box
14294	She then picks up a small red bag .	what does she then pick up ?	bag
14294	She then picks up a small red bag .	what is the color of the bag ?	red
14297	A person vacuums the carpet .	what does the person vacuum ?	carpet
14298	A person wets and vacuums the carpet .	what does the person wet and vacuums ?	carpet
14301	A person empties the contents of the vacuum in a white sink .	what is the color of the sink ?	white
14305	A robot is sitting behind a piano in a room .	what is sitting behind the piano in a room ?	robot
14306	Its hands are lighting up no the piano keys .	what are its hands lighting up no ?	keys
14324	A white screen appears with a black brand name that say 's `` THE SHINGLE HOG '' and it has a picture of a hog in the o of the word HOG .	what appears with the black brand name that say 's `` the shingle hog '' and it has a picture of a hog in the o of the word hog ?	screen
14324	A white screen appears with a black brand name that say 's `` THE SHINGLE HOG '' and it has a picture of a hog in the o of the word HOG .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
14324	A white screen appears with a black brand name that say 's `` THE SHINGLE HOG '' and it has a picture of a hog in the o of the word HOG .	what is the color of the name ?	black
14325	The tool is now shown on its own and the brand and logo is displayed on the screen to the upper right .	what is now shown on its own and the brand and logo is displayed on the screen to the upper right ?	tool
14327	A black screen appears and it has a list with a lot of white words on it and the title is `` Shingle Hog Savings '' .	what appears and it has a list with a lot of white words on it and the title is `` shingle hog savings '' ?	screen
14327	A black screen appears and it has a list with a lot of white words on it and the title is `` Shingle Hog Savings '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
14327	A black screen appears and it has a list with a lot of white words on it and the title is `` Shingle Hog Savings '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
14328	The man talking and the clips of the man using the shingle machine play until a white outro screen appears that include the brand name , logo , product info and website .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
14329	Four men in sports uniforms are shown along with information about AIB .	how many men in sports uniforms are shown along with information about aib ?	four
14336	The man wearing white shorts then tries the practice wall out .	the man wearing what then tries the practice wall out ?	shorts
14336	The man wearing white shorts then tries the practice wall out .	what is the man wearing white shorts then tries practice out ?	wall
14336	The man wearing white shorts then tries the practice wall out .	what is the color of the shorts ?	white
14337	And finally the man with red hair gives it a try .	what is the color of the hair ?	red
14339	The last man to practice with red hair talks .	what is the color of the talks ?	red
14343	Finally a man is seen packing up a fish in a shop .	where is finally the man seen packing up a fish . ?	shop
14344	kid is holding a blower and is blowing leaves from the street .	kid is holding what and is blowing leaves from the street ?	blower
14344	kid is holding a blower and is blowing leaves from the street .	kid is holding a blower and is blowing what from the street ?	leaves
14345	the kid walks in a sidewalk and cleans the dry leaves with the blower and a man help him .	the kid walks in a sidewalk and cleans what with the blower and a man help him ?	leaves
14347	a little boy is in a messy living room .	where is the little boy . ?	room
14348	He is using an electric toothbrush .	what is he using ?	toothbrush
14350	A man in a light blue shirt breaks the pool balls to start the game .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
14353	He finally hits the black ball in and ends the game .	he finally hits what in and ends the game ?	ball
14353	He finally hits the black ball in and ends the game .	what is the color of the ball ?	black
14355	A woman is holding a large camera laughing .	what is the woman holding ?	laughing
14356	Several more women dive off diving boards into the water .	what does several more women dive off into the water ?	boards
14360	We see the starting title card .	what do we see ?	card
14365	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
14367	Then she takes a neon green colored hula hoop and spins it around her body .	what is the color of the hoop ?	green
14373	A man is welding a circular metal piece .	what is the man welding ?	piece
14374	A green light appears out of no where .	what is the color of the light ?	green
14376	A black and white dog is at a dog park and the owner is bending down and moving in front of the dog as it watches him .	what is at the dog park and the owner is bending down and moving in front of the dog as it watches him ?	dog
14380	A person standing on the sidelines waves a white flag .	what does the person standing on the sidelines wave ?	flag
14380	A person standing on the sidelines waves a white flag .	what is the color of the flag ?	white
14381	Two girls walk up to a pool , ready to dive .	how many girls walk up to the pool , ready to dive ?	two
14383	A welding tool is applied to a surface .	what is welding applied to a surface ?	tool
14384	A guy that is holding a welding tool is wearing a helmet .	what is the guy wearing ?	helmet
14385	Two gloved hands are using a welding gun and stick on an object .	two gloved hands are using welding what and stick on an object ?	gun
14385	Two gloved hands are using a welding gun and stick on an object .	how many gloved hands are using the welding gun and stick on an object ?	two
14386	A man is dressed in dark medieval armor .	where is the man dressed . ?	armor
14389	The winner now jousts against a man carrying a blue diamond shaped shield .	what is the color of the diamond ?	blue
14392	Several clips begin playing of volleyball fields with spectators .	what begin playing of volleyball fields with spectators ?	clips
14393	The first clip shows the players celebrating .	what shows the players celebrating ?	clip
14398	Then , above from the dive board two swimmers are standing by and one of them dives in .	how many swimmers are above from the dive board standing by ?	two
14401	Two wrestling women are fighting in a ring .	how many wrestling women are fighting in the ring ?	two
14404	We see a man talking and shots of skateboards as people assemble in a room .	where do we see a man talking and shots of skateboards as people assemble . ?	room
14411	A man jumps stairs and falls .	the man jumps what and falls ?	stairs
14414	A woman puts two glasses on the counter .	how many glasses does the woman put on the counter ?	two
14420	A man in a red shirt drives an orange tractor around the lawn .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
14420	A man in a red shirt drives an orange tractor around the lawn .	what is the color of the tractor ?	orange
14421	A dog runs around the yard .	what runs around the yard ?	dog
14422	A woman drives the orange tractor .	what does the woman drive ?	tractor
14422	A woman drives the orange tractor .	what is the color of the tractor ?	orange
14423	Two women are seen walking on stage and lead into them performing a belly dancing routine .	how many women are seen walking on stage and lead into them performing a belly dancing routine ?	two
14429	A man is bull fighting = , he has a pink sheet and is running away backwards from the bull that is coming toward him .	what is the man fighting = , he has a pink sheet and is running away backwards from the bull that is coming toward him ?	bull
14430	There are three men now and one of them gets completely trampled by the bull .	how many men are there now ?	three
14445	A plate of creamy cabonara is shown and the ingredients appear in small clear dishes .	what is the plate of creamy cabonara shown and appear in small clear dishes ?	ingredients
14446	Salt is then added to a pan and the spaghetti begins to boil .	what is salt then added to a pan and begins to boil ?	spaghetti
14447	A bit of oil is then placed in a skillet and Canadian bacon and onions are being fried .	what is the bit of oil then placed in a skillet and canadian bacon and are being fried ?	onions
14448	Next , more ingredients are added with pasta and egg yolks .	what are next , added with pasta and egg yolks ?	ingredients
14449	Finally , the sauce is done and all of the ingredients are compiled and cheese is added to the dish as it is positioned on the plate .	what is finally , done and all of the ingredients are compiled and cheese is added to the dish as it is positioned on the plate ?	sauce
14450	After , more entrees are shown and the screen ends on the url of Ulampinoy 's website .	what are after , shown and the screen ends on the url of ulampinoy 's website ?	entrees
14450	After , more entrees are shown and the screen ends on the url of Ulampinoy 's website .	what are after , more entrees shown and ends on the url of ulampinoy 's website ?	screen
14451	A blue screen appears and text on the screen appears and say 's `` Bowling Fails FailCorporation '' .	what appears and text on the screen appears and say 's `` bowling fails failcorporation '' ?	screen
14451	A blue screen appears and text on the screen appears and say 's `` Bowling Fails FailCorporation '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
14453	A blue screen appears with logos , and text that say `` FailCorporation Subscribe Next video '' appear .	what appears with logos , and text that say `` failcorporation subscribe next video '' appear ?	screen
14453	A blue screen appears with logos , and text that say `` FailCorporation Subscribe Next video '' appear .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
14458	A TV presenter and an actress are putting googles to play rock , paper and scissors pie on front a pie with white cream .	what is the color of the cream ?	white
14459	After playing a while , the woman turn a handle that raise the pie that lands on the face of the actress .	what is after playing the while , the woman turn ?	handle
14460	Then , the pie lands for the second time on the face of the actress , as well on the face of the TV presenter .	what did then , land for the second time on the face of the actress , as well on the face of the tv presenter ?	pie
14466	two men are sitting in the first floor of the trampoline watching the jump .	how many men are sitting in the first floor of the trampoline watching the jump ?	two
14467	man get outs the pool , grab a towel and dry his face .	man get , grab what and dry his face ?	towel
14473	A gate opens and a horseriding man chases a cow .	what opens and the horseriding man chases a cow ?	gate
14473	A gate opens and a horseriding man chases a cow .	what does the gate open and a horseriding man chases ?	cow
14474	The man lassos and secures the cow .	what does the man lasso and secures ?	cow
14480	A woman wearing a bra is standing in a room .	the woman wearing what is standing in a room ?	bra
14480	A woman wearing a bra is standing in a room .	where is the woman wearing a bra is standing . ?	room
14484	The lady cracks her knuckles and then bends down and tries to lift the weights .	the lady cracks what and then bends down and tries to lift the weights ?	knuckles
14485	Too much weight is on the bar and the girls ends up twisting her arm in a circle , drops the bar and cries out in agony .	what is too much weight on the bar and the girls ends up , drops and cries out in agony ?	bar
14486	Another girl then walks up and lifts the bar half way , realizes shes incapable and drops it .	another girl then walks up and lifts what , realizes shes incapable and drops it ?	way
14492	A bull charges a man and knocks him around until people come out and distract him .	what charges the man and knocks him around until people come out and distract him ?	bull
14496	Once again the bull charges the man and knocks him down .	once again what charges the man and knocks him down ?	bull
14497	People come out and distract the bull .	people come out and distract what ?	bull
14500	The man then plays the piano while the camera captures him playing .	what does the man then play ?	piano
14508	He applies messy makeup and poses for the camera .	he applies what and poses for the camera ?	makeup
14509	A camera pans all around a beach showing water crashing on the waves .	what pans all around a beach showing water crashing on the waves ?	camera
14526	The man sprays the window where the stain is and wipes the area with a paper towel .	what does the man spray ?	window
14531	Two people are seen kneeling before a plant sitting on the ground and speaking to one another .	how many people are seen kneeling before the plant sitting on the ground and speaking to one another ?	two
14534	A man and woman enter the room , grabbing cues .	what do the man and woman enter , ?	room
14539	Finally adding the pasta to it , along with some cheese and parsley flakes and mixing it all together .	finally adding what to it , along with some cheese and parsley flakes and mixing it all together ?	pasta
14548	A man is holding a wine glass and talking .	what is the man holding and talking ?	glass
14550	He shows bottles that are sitting on a counter .	what does he show ?	bottles
14552	He adds seasonings to the pan .	what does he add to the pan ?	seasonings
14553	He stirs a pot that is on the stove .	what does he stir ?	pot
14560	Some fall off their bikes .	what do some fall off ?	bicycles
14563	The camera transitions into several people riding in tubes and pushing themselves down a river .	what transitions into several people riding in tubes and pushing themselves down a river ?	camera
14566	A black screen appears and the white words on it read `` Rob Lane is the MillionaireMaintenance Man '' .	what appears and the white words on it read `` rob lane is the millionairemaintenance man '' ?	screen
14566	A black screen appears and the white words on it read `` Rob Lane is the MillionaireMaintenance Man '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
14566	A black screen appears and the white words on it read `` Rob Lane is the MillionaireMaintenance Man '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
14567	A man wearing glasses appears outdoors in front of a fence and he 's holding an air brush machine and talking .	the man wearing what appears outdoors in front of a fence and he 's holding an air brush machine and talking ?	glasses
14567	A man wearing glasses appears outdoors in front of a fence and he 's holding an air brush machine and talking .	what is the man wearing glasses appears outdoors in front of a fence and he 's holding and talking ?	machine
14571	Two people in a room dance slowly to the back .	how many people in a room dance slowly to the back ?	two
14573	We see a title and the lady in the green room dancing alone .	what is the color of the room ?	green
14578	The man points the camera around his head showing off his hair and smiling to the camera .	what does the man point around his head showing off his hair and smiling to the camera ?	camera
14580	They hit the ball back and forth for a while .	what did they hit back and forth for a while ?	ball
14581	Other men in the room occasionally look up .	where do other men occasionally look up . ?	room
14587	The man talks one more time and we return to the game .	how many more time does the man talk ?	one
14588	We see the newscaster in the studio again .	where do we see the newscaster again . ?	studio
14603	We see a man in a blue shirt bowling talking in a bowling alley .	what is the color of the bowling ?	blue
14604	The man picks purple ball from the dispenser and talks to the camera .	what does the man pick from the dispenser and talks to the camera ?	ball
14604	The man picks purple ball from the dispenser and talks to the camera .	what is the color of the ball ?	purple
14605	The man holds the ball out then we see him putting his fingers in the ball and talks to the camera .	what does the man hold out then we see him putting his fingers in the ball and talks to the camera ?	ball
14606	The man puts the ball down and grabs another , then another and talks .	the man puts what down and grabs another , then another and talks ?	ball
14608	A man serves a tennis ball with his racket .	what does the man serve with his racket ?	ball
14612	woman wearing sport clothing is climbing stairs and talking to the camera .	woman wearing sport what is climbing stairs and talking to the camera ?	clothing
14612	woman wearing sport clothing is climbing stairs and talking to the camera .	what is woman wearing sport clothing is climbing and talking to the camera ?	stairs
14619	He brings the knife to a sharpener and begins slowly to demonstrate .	he brings what to a sharpener and begins slowly to demonstrate ?	knife
14624	Finally the person grabs the fish and presents it to the camera .	finally the person grabs what and presents it to the camera ?	fish
14633	He then takes two syrup like liquor and pour them in the cup .	he then takes how many syrup like liquor and pour them in the cup ?	two
14635	Finally , the drink is complete and he pours it into another glass and adds a straw for it to be served .	what is finally , complete and he pours it into another glass and adds a straw for it to be served ?	drink
14646	The gate open and calf and a man come out we see four men hogtie calf 's .	how many men do the gate open and calf and a man come out we see hogtie calf 's ?	four
14647	We see a calf running in the ring and another calf being hogtied .	what do we see running in the ring and another calf being hogtied ?	calf
14653	There 's a man in a white shirt being interviewed in the 60 Minutes program by the host of the show .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
14659	Four men are playing bad mitten .	what are four men playing ?	mitten
14659	Four men are playing bad mitten .	how many men are playing bad mitten ?	four
14661	The yellow team makes several points in a row .	what is the color of the team ?	yellow
14663	The clip ends with the yellow team holding trophies .	what ends with the yellow team holding trophies ?	clip
14663	The clip ends with the yellow team holding trophies .	what is the color of the trophies ?	yellow
14668	The camera pans all around the man using the machine and zooms all around the man moving around .	what pans all around the man using the machine and zooms all around the man moving around ?	camera
14669	A vanilla sponge cake is shown on the title screen .	what is shown on the title screen ?	cake
14670	A white plate is then placed on a brown table alongside four brown eggs .	what is then placed on the brown table alongside four brown eggs ?	plate
14670	A white plate is then placed on a brown table alongside four brown eggs .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
14670	A white plate is then placed on a brown table alongside four brown eggs .	what is the color of the table ?	brown
14670	A white plate is then placed on a brown table alongside four brown eggs .	what is the color of the eggs ?	brown
14671	They are then put in a silver bowl and they are whisked at a rapid pace as sugar is gradually added it and the whipping continues .	where are they then put and they are whisked at a rapid pace as sugar is gradually added it and the whipping continues . ?	bowl
14674	The vanilla is then added and poured into another bowl before the final product is shown .	what is then added and poured into another bowl before the final product is shown ?	vanilla
14692	The woman puts her drink down and begins leading a group of people dancing around .	the woman puts what down and begins leading a group of people dancing around ?	drink
14694	A man serves a tennis ball when playing tennis with a person in a tennis court .	what does the man serve ?	ball
14698	man drops the rope and explain how to jump and holds the rope again .	man drops what and explain how to jump and holds the rope again ?	rope
14698	man drops the rope and explain how to jump and holds the rope again .	man drops the rope and explain and holds what again ?	rope
14699	We see an opening scene on a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
14705	The person then begins to shave the length of their leg with a blue razor .	what is the color of the razor ?	blue
14709	A young girl in a green leotard begins twirling a baton and doing tricks .	what is the color of the leotard ?	green
14709	A young girl in a green leotard begins twirling a baton and doing tricks .	where does the young girl begin twirling a baton and doing tricks . ?	leotard
14712	The rest of the young girl 's performance is a set of twirls and twist and then she runs off the floor to finish her performance .	what is the rest of the young girl 's performance a set of twirls and twist and then she runs off ?	floor
14713	A person lifts a 90 kg weight until the shoulder and then above the head , then the man drops the weight to the floor .	how many kg weight does the person lift until the shoulder and then above the head ?	90
14714	Then , the man lifts 95 kg weight above his head .	how many kg weight does then , the man lift above his head ?	95
14717	In the end the camera zooms in to show what is written in the big pile of snow .	what does in the end zoom in to show what is written in the big pile of snow ?	camera
14728	A black bucket is sitting next to him .	what is sitting next to him ?	bucket
14728	A black bucket is sitting next to him .	what is the color of the bucket ?	black
14731	The horse sniffs all around the woman while she pets him down and turns his head in the end .	what sniffs all around the woman while she pets him down and turns his head in the end ?	horse
14732	A man approaches a large mountain , with friends , and climbs it while attached to a green rope until he reaches the top .	what is the color of the rope ?	green
14740	There is a truck being driven on the road in the beginning of the video .	what is there being driven on the road in the beginning of the video ?	truck
14750	The man sits on a bench and is hooked to a large white rope .	what is the color of the rope ?	white
14753	The lady then pushes the man off the edge and the camera pans down to watch the mans ' bungee jump .	what does the lady then push the man off the edge and pans down to watch the mans ' bungee jump ?	camera
14765	A small white ball dashed out into the court and hits a player smack dab in the head .	what dashed out into the court and hits a player smack dab in the head ?	ball
14765	A small white ball dashed out into the court and hits a player smack dab in the head .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
14766	Another player then steals the ball and starts kicking it until its more into his control , and kicks it straight into the goal .	another player then steals what and starts kicking it until its more into his control , and kicks it straight into the goal ?	ball
14771	The camera zoom in and shows the board then zooms back out .	what zoom in and shows the board then zooms back out ?	camera
14772	We see the road in the distance and see cars driving .	we see the road in the distance and see what ?	cars
14779	A person moves the cups alongside the table while the person continues throwing and the men switch place .	what does the person move alongside the table and the men switch place ?	cups
14781	Two men in inflatable sumo wrestler costumes entertain the public by street performing in a public square .	how many men in inflatable sumo wrestler costumes entertain the public by street performing in a public square ?	two
14782	Two men in inflatable sumo wrestler outfits talk to the camera and begin to entertain the people passing by as they stand in a paved public square .	how many men in inflatable sumo wrestler outfits talk to the camera and begin to entertain the people passing by as they stand in a paved public square ?	two
14784	We see a black screen with writing .	what do we see with writing ?	screen
14784	We see a black screen with writing .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
14786	The groomer kisses the puppy .	what does the groomer kiss ?	puppy
14788	We then see a black title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
14788	We then see a black title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
14796	A person holds a stick out and grabs a fish and pokes at sharks .	the person holds what out and grabs a fish and pokes at sharks ?	stick
14796	A person holds a stick out and grabs a fish and pokes at sharks .	the person holds a stick out and grabs what and pokes at sharks ?	fish
14797	A man plays a saxophone while facing the camera .	what does the man play while facing the camera ?	saxophone
14804	He mounts a tightrope and balances on it .	he mounts what and balances on it ?	tightrope
14805	He uses the tightrope to walk , showing the proper positions to maintain balance .	what does he use ?	tightrope
14806	A woman pics up a bottle filled with red bullets .	what does the woman pics up filled with red bullets ?	bottle
14806	A woman pics up a bottle filled with red bullets .	what is the color of the bullets ?	red
14807	The cotton pad is removed , then a gun is loaded .	what is the cotton pad removed , then is loaded ?	gun
14808	She shoots the paint bullets at a target , spattering it red .	what does she shoot at a target , ?	bullets
14815	They jump up and make a basket .	they jump up and make what ?	basket
14823	Two people are seen standing on a sandy beach with one kicking the ball and passing it to another .	how many people are seen standing on the sandy beach with one kicking the ball and passing it to another ?	two
14825	Two teams of hockey players are inside of the rink playing a game .	how many teams of hockey players are inside of the rink playing a game ?	two
14833	Two men are walking down planks with one rolling out paper and putting tape across .	how many men are walking down planks with one rolling out paper and putting tape across ?	two
14834	Other men lay down a green sheet of paper and continue taping down the paper .	what is the color of the sheet ?	green
14835	One last set of paper is laid across with tape and the men continue working .	how many last set of paper is laid across with tape ?	one
14839	Two ladies high five each other .	how many ladies high five each other ?	two
14840	Three ladies fall into the crowd on the left .	how many ladies fall into the crowd on the left ?	three
14849	More clips are shown of people jump roping in different rooms and laughing with one another .	what are shown of people jump roping in different rooms and laughing with one another ?	clips
14850	A black screen appears with yellow writing on it .	what appears with yellow writing on it ?	screen
14850	A black screen appears with yellow writing on it .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
14850	A black screen appears with yellow writing on it .	what is the color of the writing ?	yellow
14855	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
14859	A man misses a shot and looks behind him and two men look behind them .	how many men look behind them ?	two
14864	Next , the car enters inside an automatic car wash machine .	what does next , enter inside an automatic car wash machine ?	car
14865	Two people arm wrestle and take off clothes .	how many people arm wrestle and take off clothes ?	two
14867	The kites crash into the people once .	what crash into the people once ?	kites
14868	People are riding horses on a field .	what are people riding on a field ?	horses
14870	The horses are running around on the field .	what are running around on the field ?	horses
14873	woman puts butter in a bowl with sugar , and flour and mix it in a kitchen aid , adding eggs , vanilla and flour , when the mix is homogenous add chocolate chips .	what does woman put in a bowl with sugar , and flour and mix it in a kitchen aid , adding eggs , vanilla and flour , when the mix is homogenous add chocolate chips ?	butter
14873	woman puts butter in a bowl with sugar , and flour and mix it in a kitchen aid , adding eggs , vanilla and flour , when the mix is homogenous add chocolate chips .	what does woman put butter in a bowl with sugar , and add ?	chips
14874	the dough is molded in balls and in a tray to the oven .	what is molded in balls and in a tray to the oven ?	dough
14876	Once complete , two people rush out to measure the distance .	how many people do once complete , rush out to measure the distance ?	two
14882	He lights a hookah , then pulls a drag on the smoke .	what does he light , then pulls a drag on the smoke ?	hookah
14889	More falls are shown with a slow motion affect and more people continue to ride around .	what are shown with the slow motion affect and more people continue to ride around ?	falls
14890	A black screen appears with white , red , green and blue words that say `` membrillo films '' on one screen , `` Mateo Bervelillo '' , and `` Trillizos '' .	what appears with white , red , green and blue words that say `` membrillo films '' on one screen , `` mateo bervelillo '' , and `` trillizos '' ?	screen
14890	A black screen appears with white , red , green and blue words that say `` membrillo films '' on one screen , `` Mateo Bervelillo '' , and `` Trillizos '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
14895	woman wwearing a red shirt is standing in front of the pole .	woman wwearing what is standing in front of the pole ?	shirt
14895	woman wwearing a red shirt is standing in front of the pole .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
14897	We see the black title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
14897	We see the black title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
14913	One man falls in the end and his board crashes along the side .	how many man falls in the end and his board crashes along the side ?	one
14917	A pale young woman in a white dress is standing in the forest with long curly brownish-reddish hair and begins skipping .	what is the color of the dress ?	white
14918	Then she is shown with a black shirt and long hair and begins talking in a dark staircase .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
14919	She stands up , flips her pony tail and the camera pans her outfit and she has on a black shirt and blue shorts and begins walking up the stairs .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
14919	She stands up , flips her pony tail and the camera pans her outfit and she has on a black shirt and blue shorts and begins walking up the stairs .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
14920	Next , she goes into a room and begins talking to a woman with a black shirt and blonde hair .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
14921	The lady holds up a white index card with sketches of two heads .	what does the lady hold up with sketches of two heads ?	card
14921	The lady holds up a white index card with sketches of two heads .	what is the color of the card ?	white
14934	A herb garden appears with a woman standing next to it in a large garden next to a wheelbarrow filled with mulch .	what appears with the woman standing next to it in a large garden next to a wheelbarrow filled with mulch ?	garden
14936	The woman continues talking before the scene morphs into video of a small red potatoes on the ground pulled up by the root .	what is the color of the potatoes ?	red
14938	A woman in a green shirt eats chips .	what does the woman in a green shirt eat ?	chips
14938	A woman in a green shirt eats chips .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
14939	A man in a blue shirt is pointing to the sky and moving his hand in circles .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
14941	We see a man using an electric sander to sharpen a variety of things .	we see a man using what ?	sander
14954	the woman spread the chocolate cream again in the top and put another layer of cake and spread the cream on top and at sides .	the woman spread what again in the top and put another layer of cake and spread the cream on top and at sides ?	cream
14956	thw woman grabs white fondant and kneads it and then cover the cake with it with her hands and cuts the remaining , adds ornamens on top .	thw woman grabs what and kneads it and then cover the cake with it with her hands and cuts the remaining , adds ornamens on top ?	fondant
14956	thw woman grabs white fondant and kneads it and then cover the cake with it with her hands and cuts the remaining , adds ornamens on top .	what is the color of the fondant ?	white
14958	He is smoking a cigarette and waving at adults .	what is he smoking and waving at adults ?	cigarette
14960	A person 's skis are shown close up as they move continuously down a snowy hill moving quickly past trees .	what are shown close up as they move continuously down a snowy hill moving quickly past trees ?	skis
14967	The camera pans around the kitchen while the woman continues to rub her hands in the lotion .	what pans around the kitchen while the woman continues to rub her hands in the lotion ?	camera
14968	A man plays an accordion in the street .	where does the man play an accordion . ?	street
14975	A man in a green shirt and green hat is holding a large knife .	what is the man in a green shirt and green hat holding ?	knife
14975	A man in a green shirt and green hat is holding a large knife .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
14975	A man in a green shirt and green hat is holding a large knife .	what is the color of the hat ?	green
14981	He is adding seasonings to the pan .	what is he adding to the pan ?	seasonings
14983	He shakes the pan again .	what does he shake again ?	pan
14986	The man sits down in a chair .	where does the man sit down . ?	chair
14987	Several screens are shown of bright orange lettering on a black background .	what are shown of bright orange lettering on a black background ?	screens
14987	Several screens are shown of bright orange lettering on a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
14988	A man and a woman are standing upright in a pool , and the man is showing the woman swimming techniques .	where are the man and a woman standing upright , and the man is showing the woman swimming techniques . ?	pool
14992	A girl is pouring ingredients into a bowl and mixing them together .	what is the girl pouring into a bowl and mixing them together ?	ingredients
14994	She is dipping the dough into a white glaze .	what is she dipping into a white glaze ?	dough
14994	She is dipping the dough into a white glaze .	what is the color of the glaze ?	white
14995	A person is blowing leaves in the back of their yard .	what is the person blowing in the back of their yard ?	leaves
14997	A news anchor presents a story behind a desk in a large newsroom .	what presents the story behind a desk in a large newsroom ?	anchor
15001	Text is seen against a red background with a website and information .	what is the color of the background ?	red
15008	People playing instruments are on the stage .	people playing what are on the stage ?	instruments
15011	man is walking in a backyard shake the tree holds a broom and sweep the dry leaves on the floor .	where is man walking shake the tree holds a broom and sweep the dry leaves on the floor . ?	backyard
15012	man go for a dustpan and a bag and pick up the leaves from the floor .	man go for the dustpan and a bag and pick up what from the floor ?	leaves
15015	More clips are shown of people attempting to jump over the wall and not making it high enough .	what are shown of people attempting to jump over the wall and not making it high enough ?	clips
15016	Two kids are playing in the back of a truck .	how many kids are playing in the back of a truck ?	two
15017	People are standing around a yellow ice cream truck .	what is the color of the truck ?	yellow
15018	Two kids are sitting down on a sidewalk eating ice cream .	how many kids are sitting down on the sidewalk eating ice cream ?	two
15019	Someone is riding a horse across a grassy field and comes upon other people on horseback .	someone is riding what across a grassy field and comes upon other people on horseback ?	horse
15028	The man then shakes the twigs on the wood to further spread the fire .	what does the man then shake on the wood to further spread the fire ?	twigs
15029	There are two men playing ping pong in a basement .	how many men are there playing ping pong in a basement ?	two
15029	There are two men playing ping pong in a basement .	where are two men playing ping pong . ?	basement
15030	One of the players is wearing a black shirt and the other is a blue shirt .	what is one of the players wearing and the other is a blue shirt ?	shirt
15030	One of the players is wearing a black shirt and the other is a blue shirt .	what is one of the players wearing a black shirt and the other is ?	shirt
15030	One of the players is wearing a black shirt and the other is a blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
15030	One of the players is wearing a black shirt and the other is a blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
15031	There is a mattress leaning against the basement wall .	what is there leaning against the basement wall ?	mattress
15033	Then the person in black misses the shot .	what is the color of the person ?	black
15035	The person in blue hits the ball in the net .	where does the person in blue hit the ball . ?	net
15038	The man paint the fence from up to down .	what do the man paint from up to down ?	fence
15042	More pictures are shown off the horse and person together followed by more clips of the girl riding the horse .	what are shown off the horse and person together followed by more clips of the girl riding the horse ?	pictures
15043	In the end the horse is seen tied up to the stables and the girl wanders around him .	what is in the end seen tied up to the stables and the girl wanders around him ?	horse
15044	A young woman is sitting on a red lounge chair as a tattoo artist begins doing his job .	what is the color of the chair ?	red
15050	A man is sitting down in a chair .	where is the man sitting down . ?	chair
15060	A woman is sitting outside on a white chair playing at accordion .	what is the color of the chair ?	white
15069	There are two little girls standing in an indoor court learning to play squash .	how many little girls are there standing in an indoor court learning to play squash ?	two
15074	A news anchor is standing behind a table with papers on it talking as a man is picture swimming on the television screen behind him .	what is standing behind the table with papers on it talking as a man is picture swimming on the television screen behind him ?	anchor
15076	A coach is then shown in a hallway as the people come back and continue playing the game before a football game then shows .	where is the coach then shown as the people come back and continue playing the game before a football game then shows . ?	hallway
15077	Four young women and a man are on the stage , while one girl is playing the guitar .	four young women and a man are on the stage , while how many girl is playing the guitar ?	one
15085	The pan puts a tap in the coconut and pours it in his mouth as he lays on the ground .	what puts the tap in the coconut and pours it in his mouth as he lays on the ground ?	pan
15087	A close up of boots are seen as well as person digging a hole .	the close up of boots as well as person digging what ?	hole
15088	The person lays out dirt and cut a hole into it while also putting a plant inside .	the person lays out dirt and cut what into it ?	hole
15089	The person waters the plant and ends by laying out more dirt .	the person waters what and ends by laying out more dirt ?	plant
15092	He throws it and completely misses the dart board all together .	he throws it and completely misses what all together ?	board
15096	The man sets his ax blade into the log and takes a brake .	the man sets what into the log and takes a brake ?	blade
15098	Two men are on a red canoe .	how many men are on the red canoe ?	two
15098	Two men are on a red canoe .	what is the color of the canoe ?	red
15099	A group of rafters go down the river while , also people in canoes raft .	where do the group of rafters go down the river while , also people . ?	raft
15100	The rafters arrive to calm waters , then a team celebrates a victory .	what arrive to calm waters , then a team celebrates a victory ?	rafters
15101	A man in a blue shirt is sitting down holding a bar on an exercise machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
15102	He pushes off and uses the exercise machine .	he pushes off and uses exercise what ?	machine
15108	The guy is using a box knife to cut the carpet .	what is the guy using ?	knife
15112	One man leads the camera around with the person on top and people recording them from the sides .	what does one man lead around with the person on top and people recording them from the sides ?	camera
15112	One man leads the camera around with the person on top and people recording them from the sides .	how many man leads the camera around with the person on top and people recording them from the sides ?	one
15113	The man lays the camel down for the person to climb off and the rider smiles and waves to the camera .	what does the man lay down for the person to climb off and the rider smiles and waves to the camera ?	camel
15124	He covers the entire deck with the wooden tiles to evenly cover the surface area .	what does he cover with the wooden tiles ?	deck
15125	An older man is in a pool and he 's holding a yellow ball in front of his face .	what is an older man in a pool and he 's holding in front of his face ?	ball
15125	An older man is in a pool and he 's holding a yellow ball in front of his face .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
15125	An older man is in a pool and he 's holding a yellow ball in front of his face .	where is an older man and he 's holding a yellow ball in front of his face . ?	pool
15126	The man throws it to a dog who is balancing on a blue floating device and the dog hits it back to the man using his nose .	the man throws it to a dog who is balancing on a blue floating device and what hits it back to the man using his nose ?	dog
15126	The man throws it to a dog who is balancing on a blue floating device and the dog hits it back to the man using his nose .	what is the color of the device ?	blue
15127	The man throws it back to the dog and the dog hits it back and then he slips off the floating device and splashes into the water .	what does the man throw and then he slips off and splashes into the water ?	device
15128	women are insisde a bathtub shving her legs with ceam and water .	what are women insisde shving her legs with ceam and water ?	bathtub
15133	Four boys on skateboards ride past .	how many boys on skateboards ride past ?	four
15134	We see a boy almost fall two times .	how many times do we see a boy almost fall ?	two
15136	A group of boys walking up a hill .	what is the group of boys walking up ?	hill
15138	A man dressed in a black sweatshirt and black shorts , along with another person dressed in white athletic wear are standing in a tennis court near the net .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	black
15138	A man dressed in a black sweatshirt and black shorts , along with another person dressed in white athletic wear are standing in a tennis court near the net .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
15138	A man dressed in a black sweatshirt and black shorts , along with another person dressed in white athletic wear are standing in a tennis court near the net .	what is the color of the wear ?	white
15140	The person in black is giving a tutorial on how to return a serve in tennis .	what is the color of the person ?	black
15142	Then the person in white begins taking about more about the tennis serve and how to play effectively .	what is the color of the person ?	white
15146	A man in a white shirt jumps down a flight of stairs .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
15147	Three men are set up to play darts .	how many men are set up to play darts ?	three
15149	A man in blue hits a cue ball .	what does the man in blue hit ?	ball
15150	The man in peach lines back up and shoots three darts at the dart board and removes them .	the man in peach lines back up and shoots how many darts at the dart board and removes them ?	three
15151	He lines back up in front of the board and throws one more dart .	he lines back up in front of the board and throws what ?	dart
15151	He lines back up in front of the board and throws one more dart .	he lines back up in front of the board and throws how many more dart ?	one
15152	More people gather around as two men remove the darts from the dartboards and walk back a distance .	more people gather around as how many men remove the darts from the dartboards and walk back a distance ?	two
15156	The man in peach throws three darts at the board again and smiles as he removes them .	the man in peach throws how many darts at the board again and smiles as he removes them ?	three
15159	The boy reaches the other platform and turns and smiles for the camera .	the boy reaches what and turns and smiles for the camera ?	platform
15160	Two men sit in a room smoking cigarettes one playing guitar the other on keyboard .	how many men sit in the room smoking cigarettes one playing guitar the other on keyboard ?	two
15164	An older woman and young child are seen washing dishes in a sink and speaking to one another .	where are an older woman and young child seen washing dishes and speaking to one another . ?	sink
15166	A colorful hexagonal shaped kite is flying high in the air .	what is flying high in the air ?	kite
15167	The clear blue skies and the bright sun shinning make the kite look very colorful and radiant .	what is the color of the skies ?	blue
15169	Two men fight robots of evil and ends with a to be continued .	how many men fight robots of evil and ends with a to be continued ?	two
15171	She pours more out more flours into the mixer and shows several shots of cookies being made .	she pours more out what into the mixer and shows several shots of cookies being made ?	flours
15172	She lays out more ingredients , pours of spoonfuls of dough onto a pan , and then breaks apart a cooked cookie .	she lays out what , pours of spoonfuls of dough onto a pan , and then breaks apart a cooked cookie ?	ingredients
15172	She lays out more ingredients , pours of spoonfuls of dough onto a pan , and then breaks apart a cooked cookie .	she lays out more ingredients , pours of spoonfuls of dough onto a pan , and then breaks apart what ?	cookie
15173	An elderly man is walking and a large white bird is biting at his right foot .	what is an elderly man walking and is biting at his right foot ?	bird
15173	An elderly man is walking and a large white bird is biting at his right foot .	what is the color of the bird ?	white
15174	The man turns around and points and scolds the bird and continues to walk .	the man turns around and points and scolds what and continues to walk ?	bird
15175	The man then bends down near some stairs , wipes the outside of the building and the bird continues to attack the man .	what does the man then bend down near some stairs , wipes the outside of the building and continues to attack the man ?	bird
15177	Several tools are shown that lea into one woman brushing out her hair .	what are shown that lea into one woman brushing out her hair ?	tools
15179	Two people are playing wall ball in a room .	how many people are playing wall ball in a room ?	two
15179	Two people are playing wall ball in a room .	where are two people playing wall ball . ?	room
15182	Two people are shown walking around with a rug over their shoulders and walk inside a building .	how many people are shown walking around with the rug over their shoulders and walk inside a building ?	two
15186	The camera pans around the area with all the plants growing and shows the man holding a tool .	what pans around the area with all the plants growing and shows the man holding a tool ?	camera
15186	The camera pans around the area with all the plants growing and shows the man holding a tool .	the camera pans around the area with all the plants growing and shows the man holding what ?	tool
15187	The man then uses the tool along a hedge of bushes while looking back and smiling to the camera .	what does the man then use along a hedge of bushes ?	tool
15189	The girl then throws a rock and hops to end while grabbing it and hopping back .	the girl then throws what and hops to end while grabbing it and hopping back ?	rock
15195	The man using a torch to light a spark on the machine in front of him .	what is the man using ?	torch
15197	There are two body builders dressed in a black shirts demonstrating weightlifting in a gym .	how many body builders are there dressed in a black shirts demonstrating weightlifting in a gym ?	two
15197	There are two body builders dressed in a black shirts demonstrating weightlifting in a gym .	what is the color of the shirts ?	black
15203	A man is shown outside in a kid park with grey shorts on a a pair of black and white Puma sneakers .	what is the color of the shorts ?	gray
15206	A man is talking and standing in a kitchen wearing a white robe and a lot of colorful vegetables in front of him .	what is the color of the robe ?	white
15206	A man is talking and standing in a kitchen wearing a white robe and a lot of colorful vegetables in front of him .	where is the man talking and standing wearing a white robe and a lot of colorful vegetables in front of him . ?	kitchen
15207	Now the vegetables are gone and the man is now scooping something from a little bowl onto a white plate that is sitting on a wooden cutting board .	what are now gone and the man is now scooping something from a little bowl onto a white plate that is sitting on a wooden cutting board ?	vegetables
15207	Now the vegetables are gone and the man is now scooping something from a little bowl onto a white plate that is sitting on a wooden cutting board .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
15212	Kids are riding bicycles around a dirt track .	what are kids riding around a dirt track ?	bicycles
15216	A group of dancers in red outfits dance on stage .	what is the color of the outfits ?	red
15217	A group of cheerleaders in pink stand on a field while a group in white walk up to great the coach .	what is the color of the group ?	white
15218	A solo woman in a red blouse discusses the events in a room with lit up letters in the background .	what is the color of the blouse ?	red
15218	A solo woman in a red blouse discusses the events in a room with lit up letters in the background .	where does the solo woman discuss the events in a room with lit up letters in the background . ?	blouse
15222	The women in white uniforms dance on the field .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	white
15223	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
15225	The man then pushes the pipe down and nails it .	the man then pushes what down and nails it ?	pipe
15229	A camera pans away from a road and shows a person 's feet moving around .	what pans away from the road and shows a person 's feet moving around ?	camera
15238	Another man does dips down to his elbows on the parallel bars .	what does another man do down to his elbows on the parallel bars ?	dips
15240	A man does dips with his body in front of the bar and legs swoops underneath the bar .	what does the man do with his body in front of the bar and legs swoops underneath the bar ?	dips
15243	A different man does leg dips , swings his legs up and around each parallel bar and pushes forward across the parallel bars .	the different man does what , swings his legs up and around each parallel bar and pushes forward across the parallel bars ?	dips
15252	A person ski over a ski rail and spins in the air , then land stand on the snow .	the person ski over what and spins in the air , then land stand on the snow ?	rail
15252	A person ski over a ski rail and spins in the air , then land stand on the snow .	the person ski over a ski rail and spins in the air , then what stand on the snow ?	land
15253	The person ski over a ramp and fly in the air very high .	the person ski over what and fly in the air very high ?	ramp
15265	Two men are in the middle of the court fighting one another .	how many men are in the middle of the court fighting one another ?	two
15274	The men play rock paper scissors .	what do the men play ?	scissors
15279	Ladies bring a big check to the man in red .	what do ladies bring to the man in red ?	check
15297	A baton twirler is standing on the gym floor .	what is standing on the gym floor ?	twirler
15302	She drops her baton and goes after it .	she drops what and goes after it ?	baton
15304	She drops the baton again .	what does she drop again ?	baton
15305	She now has two batons and is twirling and dancing and throwing them in the air .	she now has what and is twirling and dancing and throwing them in the air ?	batons
15305	She now has two batons and is twirling and dancing and throwing them in the air .	she now has how many batons and is twirling and dancing and throwing them in the air ?	two
15307	She picked it up and added a third baton and finished her routine .	she picked it up and added what and finished her routine ?	baton
15308	old man is holding a green pole hitting a pinata in the middle of a room .	what is old man holding ?	pole
15308	old man is holding a green pole hitting a pinata in the middle of a room .	what is the color of the pole ?	green
15310	man givs the pole to a kid and other kids stands behind him .	what does man givs to a kid and other kids stands behind him ?	pole
15311	There are some people knitting with yarn and knitting needles at a cultural center .	there are some people knitting with yarn and knitting what at a cultural center ?	needles
15313	A finished gray sweater with black embroidery is shown .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
15313	A finished gray sweater with black embroidery is shown .	what is the color of the embroidery ?	black
15320	The news reporter wears the gray sweater and looks very happy in it .	the news reporter wears what and looks very happy in it ?	sweater
15320	The news reporter wears the gray sweater and looks very happy in it .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
15321	Two people are fencing in a polka dot walled room , while dressed in fencing gear and fencing masks including a fencing weapon .	how many people are fencing in the polka dot walled room , while dressed in fencing gear and fencing masks including a fencing weapon ?	two
15322	An animated graphic populates displaying the physique of the two fencers in a grid pattern with the two animated figures exhibiting some fence/weapon movement .	what populates displaying the physique of the two fencers in a grid pattern with the two animated figures exhibiting some fence/weapon movement ?	graphic
15324	The two people dressed in fencing outfits begin to fence in a demonstration .	how many people dressed in fencing outfits begin to fence in a demonstration ?	two
15329	Two people are seen sitting behind a counter when one moves back and fourth and prepares himself .	how many people are seen sitting behind the counter when one moves back and fourth and prepares himself ?	two
15330	The man then solves a rubix cube while a timer is going and he puts a blindfold over his eyes and a person puts paper in front .	what does the man then solve ?	cube
15333	They are putting equipment around each other 's bodies to protect them .	what are they putting around each other 's bodies to protect them ?	equipment
15345	She spins , flips , and does cartwheels while using the hoop .	she spins , flips , and does what while using the hoop ?	cartwheels
15347	man weaing a green shirt is standing next to a little girl .	man weaing what is standing next to a little girl ?	shirt
15347	man weaing a green shirt is standing next to a little girl .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
15348	girl wearing glasses is talking to the camera .	girl wearing what is talking to the camera ?	glasses
15349	the man and the girl are drinking from a white cup .	what is the color of the cup ?	white
15353	The girl then does a backwards flipping dive into the pool .	what does the girl then do into the pool ?	dive
15355	They are playing beer pong with several red solo cups , drinking in between plays .	what are they playing with several red solo cups , ?	pong
15355	They are playing beer pong with several red solo cups , drinking in between plays .	what is the color of the cups ?	red
15357	The camera pans over a grass field surrounded by a track , with people doing indistinct things in the background .	what pans over the grass field surrounded by a track , with people doing indistinct things in the background ?	camera
15362	Two children in pajamas hang Christmas ornaments from a tree .	what do two children in pajamas hang from a tree ?	ornaments
15362	Two children in pajamas hang Christmas ornaments from a tree .	how many children in pajamas hang christmas ornaments from a tree ?	two
15363	A fake bat bursts out of the Christmas tree and scares the children .	what bursts out of the christmas tree and scares the children ?	bat
15365	He goes over the door window and then uses another gadget after to wipe down the soap .	he goes over the door window and then uses what after ?	gadget
15367	The window looks very clean and nice once he is down doing all of that .	what looks very clean and nice once he is down doing all of that ?	window
15369	Then , the cheerleaders make a tower and then jump , then they do cartwheels .	then , the cheerleaders make what and then jump , then they do cartwheels ?	tower
15369	Then , the cheerleaders make a tower and then jump , then they do cartwheels .	then , the cheerleaders make a tower and then jump , then they do what ?	cartwheels
15370	Two cheerleaders get up in a tower and then flips and fall on the arms of people .	how many cheerleaders get up in the tower and then flips and fall on the arms of people ?	two
15373	Two men are long boarding down a hill .	how many men are long boarding down the hill ?	two
15376	A man in a green shirt is sitting on the ground with his long board in front of him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
15378	The person rolls the dough and cuts it into little pieces and flattens the tiny balls out using their hands .	the person rolls what and cuts it into little pieces and flattens the tiny balls out using their hands ?	dough
15378	The person rolls the dough and cuts it into little pieces and flattens the tiny balls out using their hands .	the person rolls the dough and cuts it into little pieces and flattens what out using their hands ?	balls
15379	The person uses a fork to put lines in the dough .	what does the person use ?	fork
15380	Then the person puts the cookies on a baking sheet in a pan and bakes them for 15 minutes .	then the person puts what on a baking sheet in a pan and bakes them for 15 minutes ?	cookies
15381	Then takes the cookies out when they 're done .	what does then take out ?	cookies
15386	The camera then flips to a woman and she begins doing interviews with men who were playing a game of soccer .	what then flips to the woman and she begins doing interviews with men who were playing a game of soccer ?	camera
15387	Many quarters are being played and after the goals are made , the players start to jump on each other 's back and jump for joy and show their happiness .	what are being played and after the goals are made , the players start to jump on each other 's back and jump for joy and show their happiness ?	quarters
15388	Two men perform kick box in a room while a man supervise the moves .	what do two men perform kick in a room ?	box
15388	Two men perform kick box in a room while a man supervise the moves .	how many men perform kick box in a room while a man supervise the moves ?	two
15388	Two men perform kick box in a room while a man supervise the moves .	where do two men perform kick box while a man supervise the moves . ?	room
15393	He holds a steel ball on a rope as he talks .	what does he hold on a rope ?	ball
15395	He lets go , and the ball flies far across the field as he walks away .	what does he let go , and flies far across the field as he walks away ?	ball
15401	He is wearing a hat with a feather in it and sunglasses .	what is he wearing with a feather in it and sunglasses ?	hat
15402	He is playing a bagpipe .	what is he playing ?	bagpipe
15406	man grabbed a fish from the ice and lay on the floor .	man grabbed what from the ice and lay on the floor ?	fish
15412	The screen stops as she goes to the top of the beam .	what stops as she goes to the top of the beam ?	screen
15413	A camera pans around a large snowy hill as well as people sitting on a ski lift and riding around a mountain .	what pans around the large snowy hill as well as people sitting on a ski lift and riding around a mountain ?	camera
15417	The man lifts the goggles off of his face and smiles .	the man lifts what off of his face and smiles ?	goggles
15420	The man is walking a dog down the sidewalk .	what is the man walking down the sidewalk ?	dog
15424	A black screen with a white banner at the bottom has various information that include a website , state , phone number and logo .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
15424	A black screen with a white banner at the bottom has various information that include a website , state , phone number and logo .	what is the color of the banner ?	white
15425	A white screen follows and it includes a logo , name of the products and indicates that this is an `` INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEO '' .	what follows and it includes a logo , name of the products and indicates that this is an `` instructional video '' ?	screen
15425	A white screen follows and it includes a logo , name of the products and indicates that this is an `` INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEO '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
15426	Another white screen appears and a content list appears and there 1-5 .	what appears and the content list appears and there 1-5 ?	screen
15426	Another white screen appears and a content list appears and there 1-5 .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
15429	A black screen appears and it includes the same white banner as it did in the very beginning .	what appears and it includes the same white banner as it did in the very beginning ?	screen
15429	A black screen appears and it includes the same white banner as it did in the very beginning .	what does the black screen appear and it includes ?	banner
15429	A black screen appears and it includes the same white banner as it did in the very beginning .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
15429	A black screen appears and it includes the same white banner as it did in the very beginning .	what is the color of the banner ?	white
15431	The camera shifts and you can see he is in a casino playing a game of Black Jack .	what shifts and you can see he is in a casino playing a game of black jack ?	camera
15435	A person is playing the guitar sitting on a rock .	what is the person playing sitting on a rock ?	guitar
15448	He hands the hose to a girl sitting who takes a few rips and the man is shown speaking to the camera .	what does he hand to a girl sitting who takes a few rips and the man is shown speaking to the camera ?	hose
15449	the girls hands the hose to other one sitting while she takes a few hits and passes it back to the other person .	what does the girls hand to other one sitting while she takes a few hits and passes it back to the other person ?	hose
15450	Two boys skateboard through the streets at different times wearing helmets .	how many boys skateboard through the streets at different times wearing helmets ?	two
15451	A skateboarder in a blue t-shirt and black helmet skateboards through streets bordering countrysides and residential neighborhoods .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	blue
15451	A skateboarder in a blue t-shirt and black helmet skateboards through streets bordering countrysides and residential neighborhoods .	what is the color of the helmet ?	black
15452	A skateboarder wearing all black falls off of the skateboard onto the paved street , gets up and walks off .	what is the color of the skateboarder ?	black
15454	He throws the calf down and ties him up , followed by several other men performing the same trick at different speeds .	he throws what down and ties him up , followed by several other men performing the same trick at different speeds ?	calf
15455	A woman cleans a cafeteria floor with a mop while occasionally talking to the camera .	what does the woman clean with a mop while occasionally talking to the camera ?	floor
15460	A man is standing next a brown horse .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
15462	The horses are getting a drink of water .	what are getting the drink of water ?	horses
15464	A picture of a brown house is shown .	what is the color of the house ?	brown
15465	An intro begins for DX sports and shows two men skating down a road .	an intro begins for dx sports and shows how many men skating down a road ?	two
15476	little kid grab the ball from the floor with the pole .	what do little kid grab from the floor with the pole ?	ball
15477	kid is playing with a ball in a green grassy field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
15484	little kid is playing saxophone in front of a wall .	what is little kid playing in front of a wall ?	saxophone
15490	There are three people playing racquetball on the enclosed court and the view is from the person wearing the camera .	there are three people playing what on the enclosed court and the view is from the person wearing the camera ?	racquetball
15490	There are three people playing racquetball on the enclosed court and the view is from the person wearing the camera .	how many people are there playing racquetball on the enclosed court ?	three
15491	The camera person picks the ball up with racquet balances it on the racquet , rolls it off and then hits to the wall .	what picks the ball up with racquet balances it on the racquet , rolls it off and then hits to the wall ?	person
15492	The view changes to the door and there are two men standing at the door waiting to hit the ball .	how many men are there standing at the door waiting to hit the ball ?	two
15495	We then see motorcycle stunts .	what do we then see ?	stunts
15496	A bike jumps a group of people in a plaza .	what jumps the group of people in a plaza ?	bicycle
15497	We see four bikes jump a ramp one after another .	how many bikes do we see jump a ramp one after another ?	four
15498	We see a man in red talking .	what is the color of the talking ?	red
15499	A man jumps off his bike .	what does the man jump off ?	bicycle
15502	A bike is kicking up smoke .	what is kicking up smoke ?	bicycle
15509	Two boys are raking leaves in a yard using large green and red rakes .	what are two boys raking in a yard using large green and red rakes ?	leaves
15509	Two boys are raking leaves in a yard using large green and red rakes .	how many boys are raking leaves in a yard using large green and red rakes ?	two
15510	A dog continuously runs through the leaves , messing them up .	what continuously runs through the leaves , messing them up ?	dog
15514	A camera pans all around a yard and shows two dogs on leashes .	what pans all around a yard and shows two dogs on leashes ?	camera
15514	A camera pans all around a yard and shows two dogs on leashes .	the camera pans all around a yard and shows how many dogs on leashes ?	two
15515	The dogs move with the person as cars move in and out of frame .	what move with the person as cars move in and out of frame ?	dogs
15516	The camera pans around the sky in the end .	what pans around the sky in the end ?	camera
15517	1 The opening of the video .	1 what of the video ?	opening
15529	She slide tiles onto the roof and nail them into place .	she slide what onto the roof and nail them into place ?	tiles
15533	The second camel holding the next couple starts to sit on the ground .	what is holding the next couple starts to sit on the ground ?	camel
15550	The camera then shows handicap individuals playing a game where they are sitting in a wheelchair pushing puck like objects with handles .	what then shows handicap individuals playing a game where they are sitting in a wheelchair pushing puck like objects with handles ?	camera
15553	The woman then pulls out a rag and wipes off the table .	the woman then pulls out what and wipes off the table ?	rag
15557	An air balloon flies through the air .	what flies through the air ?	balloon
15559	A woman walks her suitcase .	what does the woman walk ?	suitcase
15560	Some graphic cars crash into each other .	what crash into each other ?	cars
15562	Three different women are shown in succession .	how many different women are shown in succession ?	three
15566	First the woman adds 1 cup of sugar to 1/4 cup of vegetable oil and she puts it in a mixing bowl .	how many cup does the woman add of sugar to 1/4 cup of vegetable oil ?	one
15566	First the woman adds 1 cup of sugar to 1/4 cup of vegetable oil and she puts it in a mixing bowl .	where does first the woman add 1 cup of sugar to 1/4 cup of vegetable oil and she puts it . ?	bowl
15567	then she mixes the sugar until it dissolves and he adds 1 whole cup of milk along with two teaspoons of lemon juice .	what does then she mix and he adds 1 whole cup of milk along with two teaspoons of lemon juice ?	sugar
15567	then she mixes the sugar until it dissolves and he adds 1 whole cup of milk along with two teaspoons of lemon juice .	how many whole cup does he add of milk along with two teaspoons of lemon juice ?	one
15569	Finally , she pours the mix into a microwavable safe dish and it 's done .	what does finally , she pour into a microwavable safe dish and it 's done ?	mix
15571	A man wearing sunglasses is talking to the camera .	the man wearing what is talking to the camera ?	sunglasses
15576	He put his feet on a holder , and put the strap on .	he put his feet on a holder , and put what on ?	strap
15577	He pull the bar , at the same time pushed his legs .	what do he pull , at the same time pushed his legs ?	bar
15582	There 's a woman in a green swim suit who dives down into the pool .	what is the color of the suit ?	green
15590	The diver towels off then tosses down her towel and approaches the end of the diving board for a first attempt .	what off then tosses down her towel and approaches the end of the diving board for a first attempt ?	towels
15598	He times himself as he finishes the cube , tossing it down on the table .	what does he times himself as he finish , ?	cube
15600	A contact lens container is then filled with contact solution and the contacts into both sides of the container .	what is contact then filled with contact solution and the contacts into both sides of the container ?	container
15603	They move the leaves into a firepit , burning them .	what do they move into a firepit , ?	leaves
15606	The two boys shake hands after the match .	how many boys shake hands after the match ?	two
15612	The man lights the cigarette .	the man lights what ?	cigarette
15613	The man removes the cigarette from his mouth and holds it in his hand .	the man removes what from his mouth and holds it in his hand ?	cigarette
15617	A group of girls play a volley ball game .	what do the group of girls play ?	game
15619	A stadium is seen from above with a large audience .	what is seen from above with the large audience ?	stadium
15620	Gymnasts compete in an event and do stationary platform routine with hand grips .	gymnasts compete in an event and do what with hand grips ?	routine
15626	The woman continue jumping up and down and leads into one moving a tire around as well as jumping up and down a punching a bag .	the woman continue and leads into one what ?	bag
15631	The lady from the ice cream parlour bus hands an ice cream cone to a client .	what does the lady from the ice cream parlour bus hand to a client ?	cone
15640	The camera pans back and fourth between the two and ends with the man speaking to the camera , the woman waving back , and the man soluting .	what pans back and fourth between the two and ends with the man speaking to the camera , the woman waving back , and the man soluting ?	camera
15644	The men then hit a ball all around the yard through stands sticking out and speak to one another while drinking water .	the men then hit what all around the yard through stands sticking out and speak to one another while drinking water ?	ball
15658	We see an opening screen on black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
15659	We see a man and woman washing dishes and talking .	we see a man and woman washing what and talking ?	dishes
15665	woman is posing to the camera in a white game in a presentation .	what is the color of the game ?	white
15666	woman is standing in a kitchen talking to the camera and showing a plate of pasta and the ingedients .	where is woman standing talking to the camera and showing a plate of pasta and the ingedients . ?	kitchen
15667	woman is chopping vegetables and saute vegetables in a pan .	where is woman chopping vegetables and saute vegetables . ?	pan
15668	hen mix the vegetables with pasta .	what the vegetables with pasta ?	hen
15677	A young child plays a bagpipe next to an adult bagpiper .	what does the young child play next to an adult bagpiper ?	bagpipe
15678	The young bagpiper marches in place while playing his bagpipe while onlookers watch from behind .	what is the young bagpiper marches in place while playing ?	bagpipe
15686	A marching band plays in the street .	where does the marching band play . ?	street
15705	She gets a black brush and continues brushing the horse .	what is the color of the brush ?	black
15707	She lifts up the horses foot and cleans the bottom of the foot .	she lifts up what and cleans the bottom of the foot ?	foot
15709	The man mixes ingredients together into a bowl and pours it into a pan while continuously stirring .	the man mixes what together into a bowl and pours it into a pan while continuously stirring ?	ingredients
15713	A young lady with burnette hair is standing behind a black counter in a bar with several alcohol on it .	what is the color of the counter ?	black
15716	four men are standing on racquetball court .	how many men are standing on racquetball court ?	four
15717	one man serves the ball .	what does one man serve ?	ball
15717	one man serves the ball .	how many man serves the ball ?	one
15719	One team scores a point .	how many team scores a point ?	one
15721	A person in an orange protective suit and a metal black mask solders something in an industrial setting .	what is the color of the suit ?	orange
15721	A person in an orange protective suit and a metal black mask solders something in an industrial setting .	what is the color of the mask ?	black
15722	A person stands next to a black box in a metal helmet as fire sparks erupt from a wired box on the right .	what is the color of the box ?	black
15723	A large grey wheel spins behind the worker in the midst of the fire sparks and another worker walking by in a blue protective suit .	what spins behind the worker in the midst of the fire sparks and another worker walking by in a blue protective suit ?	wheel
15723	A large grey wheel spins behind the worker in the midst of the fire sparks and another worker walking by in a blue protective suit .	what is the color of the wheel ?	gray
15723	A large grey wheel spins behind the worker in the midst of the fire sparks and another worker walking by in a blue protective suit .	what is the color of the suit ?	blue
15724	Two women are standing on others ' shoulders .	how many women are standing on others ' shoulders ?	two
15734	men are playing volyball in a oofed court gym .	where are men playing volyball . ?	gym
15738	Two people are raking leaves in a park .	how many people are raking leaves in a park ?	two
15748	Several more clips are shown of people riding down the mountain from various angles with people yelling and cheering .	what are shown of people riding down the mountain from various angles with people yelling and cheering ?	clips
15755	The camera closes up on the body of the wooden recorder as the man begins to play lifting his fingers off of the various hole to make noise .	what closes up on the body of the wooden recorder as the man begins to play lifting his fingers off of the various hole to make noise ?	camera
15756	The camera stays in a close up shot of just the man 's hands and the bottom of the recorder for the rest of the clip .	what stays in the close up shot of just the man 's hands and the bottom of the recorder for the rest of the clip ?	camera
15757	A group of rocks are shown washed up against the banks of a large blue river .	what is the color of the river ?	blue
15758	The camera continues to span the river and a mountain range is shown .	what continues to span the river and a mountain range is shown ?	camera
15758	The camera continues to span the river and a mountain range is shown .	what does the camera continue and is shown ?	range
15759	Another angle is shown and a small circle appears on the screen .	what is shown and the small circle appears on the screen ?	angle
15759	Another angle is shown and a small circle appears on the screen .	what is another angle shown and appears on the screen ?	circle
15760	Two hikers wearing backpacks are visible and show a rope .	two hikers wearing what are visible and show a rope ?	backpacks
15760	Two hikers wearing backpacks are visible and show a rope .	what are two hikers wearing backpacks are visible and show ?	rope
15760	Two hikers wearing backpacks are visible and show a rope .	how many hikers is wearing backpacks are visible and show a rope ?	two
15761	One man then gets in the water and tightens the ropes around a tree from one side of the water to another and sits on the rope .	how many man then gets in the water and tightens the ropes around a tree from one side of the water to another and sits on the rope ?	one
15767	She wipes down door handles as well and then puts the rags into a washing machine , hanging up the pole in the end .	she wipes down door handles as well and then puts what into a washing machine , ?	rags
15779	The sky is shown that leads into a man speaking to the camera with his friend .	what is shown that leads into the man speaking to the camera with his friend ?	sky
15782	A woman talks in a bar , then she puts ice in a stainless steel glass .	where does the woman talks , then she put ice in a stainless steel glass . ?	bar
15783	Then the woman adds to the cup two measures of liquor , juice and sugar .	how many measures does then the woman add to the cup of liquor , juice and sugar ?	two
15784	After , the woman puts a cup on top and shake it , and serves in a cup with a slice of lemon .	after , the woman puts what on top and shake it , and serves in a cup with a slice of lemon ?	cup
15785	A woman in a yellow shirt is holding a bottle in her hand .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
15786	She opens the bottle and pours it into a bucket on the ground .	she opens what and pours it into a bucket on the ground ?	bottle
15787	She puts a mop rag into the bucket and puts it on her mop .	she puts what into the bucket and puts it on her mop ?	rag
15790	The tile screen plays with a picture of a long field .	what plays with the picture of a long field ?	screen
15795	A red ball sits between two poles .	what sits between two poles ?	ball
15795	A red ball sits between two poles .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
15797	Two shoes sit on either side .	how many shoes sit on either side ?	two
15798	The bat strikes the ball .	what strikes the ball ?	bat
15798	The bat strikes the ball .	what does the bat strike ?	ball
15808	Young men an a car talk and play around before arriving at the ski slope .	what do young men talk and play around before arriving at the ski slope ?	car
15810	A man jumps a ramp and falls to the ground .	the man jumps what and falls to the ground ?	ramp
15812	The last boy removes his helmet , shakes his hair and smiles at the camera .	the last boy removes what , shakes his hair and smiles at the camera ?	helmet
15815	He is putting a product into her hair .	what is he putting into her hair ?	product
15818	A woman holds a flute and practices the keys while lying down .	the woman holds what and practices the keys while lying down ?	flute
15818	A woman holds a flute and practices the keys while lying down .	the woman holds a flute and practices what while lying down ?	keys
15822	The two women play flutes together .	what do the two women play together ?	flutes
15822	The two women play flutes together .	how many women play flutes together ?	two
15825	man in the bed stands and talk to a woman and remove the fake tattoo sleeves .	man in the bed stands and talk to a woman and remove what ?	sleeves
15827	Then men hit the ball all around the room while running to each side to hit the ball .	what did then men hit all around the room while running to each side to hit the ball ?	ball
15828	A man closing his house door and then opening his car door .	the man closing what and then opening his car door ?	door
15828	A man closing his house door and then opening his car door .	the man closing his house door and then opening what ?	door
15829	He gets in the car and puts the keys in the ignition and starts driving down the highway to his shop .	he gets in the car and puts what in the ignition and starts driving down the highway to his shop ?	keys
15835	A man and a woman are playing rock paper scissors .	what are the man and a woman playing ?	scissors
15839	A man is running down a track he jumps into a pile of sand .	what is the man running down ?	track
15840	He runs down the track again and jumps into the sand several times .	he runs down what again and jumps into the sand several times ?	track
15842	A man wearing a green outfit is leading a camel .	what is the man wearing a green outfit is leading ?	camel
15842	A man wearing a green outfit is leading a camel .	what is the color of the outfit ?	green
15843	Two people are sitting on top of the camel .	how many people are sitting on top of the camel ?	two
15851	Another girl brushes her teeth and shows several stills on how to properly brush teeth .	another girl brushes her teeth and shows what on how to properly brush teeth ?	stills
15852	More clips are shown of people brushing their teeth .	what are shown of people brushing their teeth ?	clips
15857	Several clips are shown of a soccer match going on as well as fans celebrating to the camera .	what are shown of the soccer match going on as well as fans celebrating to the camera ?	clips
15862	The woman picks up the stereo and starts walking .	the woman picks up what and starts walking ?	stereo
15865	A man in a red shirt starts dancing next to a car with another woman .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
15869	An old man talks next a sailboat in the shore , then the man carry the sailboat to the ocean .	what do an old man talks next a sailboat in the shore , then the man carry to the ocean ?	sailboat
15870	The old man sails the boat sitting on the border of the boat and pulling a handle .	what did the old man sail ?	boat
15872	After , the old man stops and the boat turn over , then he pulls the boat to the shore .	what does , then he pull to the shore ?	boat
15875	He presses a button on his phone and plays the drums again and ending with one final smack on the drum .	he presses what on his phone and plays the drums again and ending with one final smack on the drum ?	button
15875	He presses a button on his phone and plays the drums again and ending with one final smack on the drum .	he presses a button on his phone and plays what again and ending with one final smack on the drum ?	drums
15876	People are standing in a line holding swords .	where are people standing . ?	swords
15877	A man in a white jacket is talking into a microphone .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
15879	A man covers a wall with cement using a hose .	what does the man cover with cement using a hose ?	wall
15883	He plays the instrument in front of the piano and walks back to the camera .	he plays what in front of the piano and walks back to the camera ?	instrument
15886	A man is trimming a damaged bush using a machette .	what is the man trimming ?	bush
15891	Then , a boy runs and break a door to enter to the other side where a girl is surprised .	then , the boy runs and break what ?	door
15905	The person then grabs a razor and begins shaving the man 's leg while dipping it into a sink .	the person then grabs what and begins shaving the man 's leg while dipping it into a sink ?	razor
15907	A man ball rolls across a baseball field and a small boy in a green shirt kicks the ball and runs around the bases .	what rolls across the baseball field and a small boy in a green shirt kicks the ball and runs around the bases ?	ball
15907	A man ball rolls across a baseball field and a small boy in a green shirt kicks the ball and runs around the bases .	what does the man ball roll across a baseball field and a small boy in a green shirt kicks and runs around the bases ?	ball
15907	A man ball rolls across a baseball field and a small boy in a green shirt kicks the ball and runs around the bases .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
15911	The boy in the red hat and the blue coat is being pulled in a red tube by a rope over some icy roads .	what is the color of the hat ?	red
15911	The boy in the red hat and the blue coat is being pulled in a red tube by a rope over some icy roads .	what is the color of the coat ?	blue
15911	The boy in the red hat and the blue coat is being pulled in a red tube by a rope over some icy roads .	what is the color of the tube ?	red
15911	The boy in the red hat and the blue coat is being pulled in a red tube by a rope over some icy roads .	where is the boy in the red hat and the blue coat being pulled . ?	tube
15912	A man in a black hat has his turn with the tube .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
15913	A man in a grey hat hits a snow embankment with the tube .	what does the man in a grey hat hit with the tube ?	embankment
15913	A man in a grey hat hits a snow embankment with the tube .	what is the color of the hat ?	gray
15914	A man goes up a snow hill in the tube .	where does the man go up a snow hill . ?	tube
15918	A man wearing only black shorts , sandals and a gear belt , climbs a rock using a rope in a natural environment filled with trees and foliage .	what is the man wearing only black shorts , sandals and a gear belt , climbs using a rope in a natural environment filled with trees and foliage ?	rock
15918	A man wearing only black shorts , sandals and a gear belt , climbs a rock using a rope in a natural environment filled with trees and foliage .	the man wearing only black shorts , sandals and a gear belt , climbs a rock using what in a natural environment filled with trees and foliage ?	rope
15918	A man wearing only black shorts , sandals and a gear belt , climbs a rock using a rope in a natural environment filled with trees and foliage .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
15919	The man in the black shorts stands at the bottom of the rock and begins to climb the rock .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
15924	A man throws a bowling ball and it hits the ceiling .	what does the man throw and it hits the ceiling ?	ball
15924	A man throws a bowling ball and it hits the ceiling .	what does the man throw a bowling ball and it hits ?	ceiling
15926	A person flips a ski upside down .	what does the person flip upside down ?	ski
15935	The lady sings in the microphone .	where does the lady sing . ?	microphone
15939	We see a white opening scene .	what do we see ?	scene
15939	We see a white opening scene .	what is the color of the scene ?	white
15941	The lady cuts a potato and puts it in the water .	the lady cuts what and puts it in the water ?	potato
15944	We see the closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
15945	A chef is mixing water and vinegar in a glass bowl and adding dried chilies to it .	where is the chef mixing water and vinegar and adding dried chilies to it . ?	bowl
15946	Then in a blender , the chef mixes capers , garlic , anchovies and black olives along with some olive oil .	where does then , the chef mix capers , garlic , anchovies and black olives along with some olive oil . ?	blender
15947	The chef mashes the ingredients into a paste .	what does the chef mash into a paste ?	ingredients
15948	The chef adds some garlic to oil in a saute pan and sautes it with some sun dried tomatoes .	the chef adds what to oil in a saute pan and sautes it with some sun dried tomatoes ?	garlic
15951	Then he adds some spaghetti to boiling salt water and cooks it .	what does then he add to boiling salt water and cooks it ?	spaghetti
15952	He adds the chopped parsley to the spaghetti and mixes it well along with the olive tapenade .	he adds what to the spaghetti and mixes it well along with the olive tapenade ?	parsley
15953	A person is putting black icing on a cake .	what is the color of the icing ?	black
15957	The camera pans around to the people on the outside and back onto the kids playing .	what pans around to the people on the outside and back onto the kids playing ?	camera
15958	The woman then picks up a tray with a cover that includes colorful curlers of different sizes and she continues talking while pointing at them .	what does the woman then pick up with a cover that includes colorful curlers of different sizes and she continues talking while pointing at them ?	tray
15960	The outro screan is pink and ends with black words and then a black screen that has a clip art red pair of lips on it .	what is the color of the words ?	black
15960	The outro screan is pink and ends with black words and then a black screen that has a clip art red pair of lips on it .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
15960	The outro screan is pink and ends with black words and then a black screen that has a clip art red pair of lips on it .	what is the color of the pair ?	red
15961	woman is standing in a green field practicing balance a ball in a golf club .	what is the color of the field ?	green
15963	in the background cars are parked in a parking lot .	what are in the background parked in a parking lot ?	cars
15974	Between clips of a man on a catamaran moving in the ocean , black screens appear and different times with different words describing each movement the catamaran makes .	what are between clips of a man on a catamaran moving in the ocean , appear and different times with different words describing each movement the catamaran makes ?	screens
15974	Between clips of a man on a catamaran moving in the ocean , black screens appear and different times with different words describing each movement the catamaran makes .	what is the color of the screens ?	black
15976	The outro appears and it 's a white screen with a picture of the boat and the words `` MULTIHULL CENTRAL '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
15977	Two people are seen riding in a canoe pushing a paddle along the water and looking into the camera .	how many people are seen riding in the canoe pushing a paddle along the water and looking into the camera ?	two
15978	More clips are shown of the scenery as well as the people riding around and meeting up with others .	what are shown of the scenery as well as the people riding around and meeting up with others ?	clips
15980	The camera scans the crowd and people continuously paddle their way across the water .	what scans the crowd and people continuously paddle their way across the water ?	camera
15984	Title screens are shown on the video .	what are shown on the video ?	screens
15985	The woman demonstrates using a hula hoop in a large room while another person talks .	where does the woman demonstrate using a hula hoop while another person talks . ?	room
15989	Two people are playing tennis on a court .	how many people are playing tennis on a court ?	two
15990	One person falls back on their back .	how many person falls back on their back ?	one
15995	A man pushes a lawn mower around a grass lawn area with tents cutting the grass .	what does the man push around a grass lawn area with tents cutting the grass ?	mower
16000	A group of people is playing dodge ball in a court .	what is the group of people playing in a court ?	ball
16004	A small car is covered in a thick layer of snow .	what is covered in the thick layer of snow ?	car
16010	The man demonstrates the angle to make a weld on the piece of plate metal .	what does the man demonstrate ?	angle
16012	man is showing a place without the wooden floor and its putting the wooden pole in the floor measuring the space .	what is man showing a place without the wooden floor and its putting in the floor measuring the space ?	pole
16016	The friend lifts his shirt to show his sunburn as well .	what does the friend lift ?	shirt
16017	The camera pans around room and back to the first guy .	what pans around room and back to the first guy ?	camera
16019	The camera pans to a mirror with two men standing in it with a phone and waving .	what pans to the mirror with two men standing in it with a phone and waving ?	camera
16020	The camera looks over the balcony of the room .	what looks over the balcony of the room ?	camera
16022	The sunburned man is taking his shirt off and laying it on the bed .	what is the sunburned man taking off and laying it on the bed ?	shirt
16025	The candied fruits are in the bowl , then the woman pour liqueur in it and mixed them .	what are in the bowl , then the woman pour liqueur in it and mixed them ?	fruits
16025	The candied fruits are in the bowl , then the woman pour liqueur in it and mixed them .	what are the candied fruits in the bowl , then the woman pour in it and mixed them ?	liqueur
16025	The candied fruits are in the bowl , then the woman pour liqueur in it and mixed them .	where are the candied fruits , then the woman pour liqueur in it and mixed them . ?	bowl
16026	The woman added brown sugar on the butter , then added eggs one by one and mixed and then cream , then flour , baking soda , cinnamon powder and mixed them well .	what did , then add by one and mixed and then cream , then flour , baking soda , ?	eggs
16026	The woman added brown sugar on the butter , then added eggs one by one and mixed and then cream , then flour , baking soda , cinnamon powder and mixed them well .	what is the color of the sugar ?	brown
16027	The dried fruit mixture is added in the batter , and then shredded nuts and they were mixed well together .	what is added in the batter , and then shredded nuts and they were mixed well together ?	mixture
16029	A little girl in a room standing in front of some chairs is hitting a dora pinata .	what is the little girl in a room standing in front of some chairs hitting ?	pinata
16031	An older girl hits it so hard that it does n't break but the whole pinata falls down and the adults have to put it back up .	what does an older girl hit that but falls down and the adults have to put it back up ?	pinata
16045	A man uses some equipment to melt some wax over a ski , going over it a few times .	what does the man use ?	equipment
16048	We see the title card on black .	what is the color of the card ?	black
16049	A man is playing the drums with is hands .	what is the man playing ?	drums
16054	A boy in a blue shirt is playing in the sand on the beach .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
16055	A man in a white shirt is standing behind him helping him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
16056	A man in blue shorts is also helping the boy make the sand castle .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
16061	The two dancers reach out to one another and the routine ends .	how many dancers reach out to one another and the routine ends ?	two
16067	The two groups stand on either side of the machine .	how many groups stand on either side of the machine ?	two
16076	A boy enjoys an ice cream cone .	what does the boy enjoy ?	cone
16077	A girl eats licks and eats an ice cream cone .	the girl eats what and eats an ice cream cone ?	licks
16077	A girl eats licks and eats an ice cream cone .	the girl eats licks and eats what ?	cone
16078	The boy finishes the ice cream cone .	what does the boy finish ?	cone
16079	The girl lightly licks the ice cream cone .	what does the girl lightly lick ?	cone
16080	An archery tournament begins and the montage shows the players hiding behind shields and firing back and forth .	what does an archery tournament begin and shows the players hiding behind shields and firing back and forth ?	montage
16087	Two sumos wrestle fiercely while a judge watch them .	how many sumos wrestle fiercely while the judge watch them ?	two
16088	Then , the sumo wearing black slip pushed out of the ring the other sumo .	what is the color of the slip ?	black
16090	After , the sumosn continue wrestling and the sumo with black slip falls out the ring .	what is the color of the slip ?	black
16092	The man also holds up a razor and begins writing on the paper .	the man also holds up what and begins writing on the paper ?	razor
16096	She brings the blow dryer box back into view .	what does she bring blow back into view ?	box
16101	The man continues singing while the camera captures him and fades to black in the end .	what is the color of the camera ?	black
16106	A very large man wearing a black speedo is standing in a wrestling rink huffing and puffing .	what is the color of the speedo ?	black
16109	Two women are seen speaking to one another and leads into them performing martial arts against one another .	how many women are seen speaking to one another and leads into them performing martial arts against one another ?	two
16111	A girl in red outfit serves the ball to her friend on an outdoor tennis match .	what does the girl in red outfit serve to her friend on an outdoor tennis match ?	ball
16111	A girl in red outfit serves the ball to her friend on an outdoor tennis match .	what is the color of the outfit ?	red
16113	The ball is deflected by the net and the partner loses the round .	what is deflected by the net and the partner loses the round ?	ball
16113	The ball is deflected by the net and the partner loses the round .	what is the ball deflected by the net and the partner loses ?	round
16116	They bring out some raw meat .	what do they bring out ?	meat
16126	A person in a canoe goes over the waterfall .	where does the person go over the waterfall . ?	canoe
16129	The person in the canoe smiles and talks to the camera .	where does the person smile and talks to the camera . ?	canoe
16131	The camera captures the tool on the tires from several angles as well as lifting up the car to work underneath .	what captures the tool on the tires from several angles as well as lifting up the car to work underneath ?	camera
16131	The camera captures the tool on the tires from several angles as well as lifting up the car to work underneath .	the camera captures the tool on the tires from several angles as well as lifting up what ?	car
16133	A woman is picking up a pole , putting it inside the bigger pole , a man in blue jacket looked up from the ground .	what is the woman picking up , putting it inside the bigger pole , a man in blue jacket looked up from the ground ?	pole
16133	A woman is picking up a pole , putting it inside the bigger pole , a man in blue jacket looked up from the ground .	what is the color of the jacket ?	blue
16134	A woman in red top is shown .	what is the color of the top ?	red
16140	The woman then grabs the razor from her mouth with her right hand and starts shaving her left leg .	the woman then grabs what from her mouth with her right hand and starts shaving her left leg ?	razor
16141	A man in a black hat is standing on the street .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
16144	A man wearing glasses is holding a book and talking .	the man wearing what is holding a book and talking ?	glasses
16148	A person is paddling down a river in a canoe .	where is the person paddling down a river . ?	canoe
16153	A dog is close to the camera , play fighting with another dog .	what is close to the camera , play fighting with another dog ?	dog
16155	The man puts his glasses back on as the dogs calm down and lie down on his lap .	what does the man put back on as the dogs calm down and lie down on his lap ?	glasses
16156	Three girls are seen holding a rope with one walking away and two playing tug of war .	how many girls are seen holding the rope with one walking away and two playing tug of war ?	three
16157	Two girls switch places and the final two compete against one another playing tug of war back and fourth .	how many girls switch places and the final two compete against one another playing tug of war back and fourth ?	two
16159	The curry is in a pan and the bread and butter are on a tray .	what is in the pan and the bread and butter are on a tray ?	curry
16159	The curry is in a pan and the bread and butter are on a tray .	where is the curry and the bread and butter are on a tray . ?	pan
16160	The man applies the butter , then the curry to the bread before toasting it .	what does the man apply , then the curry to the bread before toasting it ?	butter
16167	One man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more .	one man cuts what and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more ?	wire
16167	One man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more .	one man cuts a wire and checks what and another man spins the tires once more ?	tires
16167	One man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more .	one man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins what once more ?	tires
16167	One man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more .	how many man cuts the wire and checks more tires ?	one
16170	Two teams are standing at the scrimmage line together waiting to play the game .	how many teams are standing at the scrimmage line together waiting to play the game ?	two
16171	The game begins and the two teams fight each ferociously in a game of Lacrosse .	how many teams fight each ferociously in a game of lacrosse ?	two
16172	One person gets hit so bad , he is out and remains laying down on the field as the rest of the players take off down the field .	how many person gets hit so bad ?	one
16173	A baby is shown floating upside down in a pool .	where is the baby shown floating . ?	pool
16176	A wind kite is shown in the air .	what is shown in the air ?	kite
16177	A man in a black shirt is controlling the wind kite and falls on the ground .	the man in a black shirt is controlling what and falls on the ground ?	kite
16177	A man in a black shirt is controlling the wind kite and falls on the ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
16178	Dogs are running around on the grass .	what are running around on the grass ?	dogs
16179	An introduction graphic comes onto the screen presenting a volleyball championship .	what does introduction come onto the screen presenting a volleyball championship ?	graphic
16187	men are talking in the dark room and explaining their point of view .	where are men talking and explaining their point of view . ?	room
16192	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
16193	We see kids in purple pose for a photo .	what is the color of the pose ?	purple
16196	We see two different kids cheering .	how many different kids do we see cheering ?	two
16200	Several shirtless men are gathered in a room , one smokes a cigarette as the rest cheer him on .	where are several shirtless men gathered , one smokes a cigarette as the rest cheer him on . ?	room
16204	More clips are shown of people curling on the ice while also speaking to the camera .	what are shown of people curling on the ice while also speaking to the camera ?	clips
16208	The man pushes and spins a tire over the wheel well .	the man pushes and spins what over the wheel well ?	tire
16211	We see two boys playing .	how many boys do we see playing ?	two
16214	We see a shop then a person paddling on a kayak .	what do we see then a person paddling on a kayak ?	shop
16218	A person on skis jumps a ramp .	what does the person on skis jump ?	ramp
16224	A young boy has a long stick in had and is pushing a puck across a white triangle with numbers in it .	what is the color of the triangle ?	white
16228	As he is swimming , a man in an orange polo is standing on the outside describing his technique .	what is the color of the polo ?	orange
16232	A man is playing a wooden instrument inext to another man , sitting inside a small room .	what is the man playing to another man , ?	instrument
16233	When he is done , he lowers his instrument and smiles broadly .	, he lowers what and smiles broadly ?	instrument
16236	A man sharpens a razor strap .	what does the man sharpen ?	strap
16241	Guys are playing pool in front of an audience .	what are guys playing in front of an audience ?	pool
16242	A guy changes his pool stick .	what does the guy change ?	stick
16243	The two men stand close together and give an interview .	how many men stand close together and give an interview ?	two
16248	Text is shown on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
16251	We see a C emblem screen .	what do we see ?	screen
16253	We see the ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
16255	She is now on another wall and is using a utensil to smooth out the paper .	she is now on another wall and is using what ?	utensil
16256	Then , she is shown cutting the grey wallpaper and brushing it .	what is the color of the wallpaper ?	gray
16266	The bartender is mixing drinks to make various cocktails .	what is the bartender mixing ?	drinks
16271	The group dance together facing the camera .	the group dance together facing what ?	camera
16276	A black template with scrolling print with white lettering goes across the screen in an upward motion .	what is the color of the template ?	black
16276	A black template with scrolling print with white lettering goes across the screen in an upward motion .	what is the color of the lettering ?	white
16279	There are four people participating the BMX dirt biking competition .	how many people are there participating the bmx dirt biking competition ?	four
16288	a group of friends are standing on the field and above them the man is climbing the rock wall .	what are the group of friends standing on the field and above them the man is climbing ?	wall
16289	man is climbong the rock wall holding it and the other people on the floor is attached to harness ready to climb the wall too .	what is man climbong and the other people on the floor is attached to harness ready to climb the wall too ?	wall
16290	A man wearing gloves is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects to the camera .	the man wearing what is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects to the camera ?	gloves
16292	A man in grey shirt applies plaster with a handheld spatula to the interior wall of a building .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
16294	The man in applies more plaster the the wall and covers more area .	the man in applies more plaster what and covers more area ?	wall
16298	The man in grey and the friend both apply plaster together higher up on the wall and ceiling .	what is the color of the man ?	gray
16301	The drums continue to play and the lights flicker behind him while people shuffle other drums around the set .	what continue to play and the lights flicker behind him while people shuffle other drums around the set ?	drums
16302	The two men then begin playing the drums back to back with each other while switching between drum kits and movements .	how many men then begin playing the drums back to back with each other while switching between drum kits and movements ?	two
16303	A camera pans in on a television set that leads into a man holding a stick in front of a large crowd .	what pans in on the television set that leads into a man holding a stick in front of a large crowd ?	camera
16307	He picks up the knife sharpener and uses it to sharpen the knife .	he picks up what and uses it to sharpen the knife ?	sharpener
16308	A woman is seen washing dishes in a sink while a man speaks to the camera and zooms in on the dishes .	where is the woman seen washing dishes while a man speaks to the camera and zooms in on the dishes . ?	sink
16312	He paces the tire back onto the table then pulls out a rope to tie it with .	what does he pace back onto the table then pulls out a rope to tie it with ?	tire
16313	Two people are seen moving back and fourth on a large mat while fencing with one another .	how many people are seen moving back and fourth on the large mat while fencing with one another ?	two
16318	She wipes her face down with a towel and then puts lotion all over her face .	she wipes her face down with a towel and then puts what all over her face ?	lotion
16319	A man dressed inn a black shirt and camouflage print shorts is demonstrating how to fix the rubber tires on a car wheel rim .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
16320	He shows all the tools that are required to do the process .	what does he show ?	tools
16323	He uses a mallet to secure it in tightly .	what does he use ?	mallet
16324	He then uses a tool to tighten the various screws that run across the entire diameter of the inner circle of the tire .	what does he then use ?	tool
16326	He fills in air and checks the tire pressure .	he fills in air and checks what ?	pressure
16329	They lob the ball back and forth .	what do they lob back and forth ?	ball
16335	We see people playing water polo in a pool .	where do we see people playing water polo . ?	pool
16336	A man in the rear on the right throws the ball to a player closer to the goal .	what does the man in the rear on the right throw to a player closer to the goal ?	ball
16337	That player then throws the ball across to a man on the left .	what does that player then throw across to a man on the left ?	ball
16338	A man grabs the ball and throws it in the goal .	the man grabs what and throws it in the goal ?	ball
16345	The person pushes the mower along the edge of the grass and throughout the rest of the grass .	what does the person push along the edge of the grass and throughout the rest of the grass ?	mower
16346	The man then grabs a weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge .	the man then grabs what and cuts the weeds along the edge ?	weed
16346	The man then grabs a weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge .	the man then grabs a weed wacker and cuts what along the edge ?	weeds
16353	The person who is piercing her septum continues to hold it and grabs the needle with the other hand .	the person continues and grabs what with the other hand ?	needle
16356	Then , the man flips three times and and dive in the pool .	where does then , the man flip three times and and dive . ?	pool
16357	A pinata is hanging from the ceiling .	what is hanging from the ceiling ?	pinata
16358	A boy is hitting the pinata with a stick .	what is the boy hitting with a stick ?	pinata
16360	A worker removes moss from the top of a roof .	what does the worker remove from the top of a roof ?	moss
16362	The roof is then really clean .	what is then really clean ?	roof
16363	Two men are seen kneeling before one another and begin wrestling one another .	how many men are seen kneeling before one another and begin wrestling one another ?	two
16366	Two men are dressed in fencing gear .	how many men are dressed in fencing gear ?	two
16371	When the man walks away , the pumpkin blast and turn on an light to see the a mouth and two eyes .	, what blast and turn on an light to see the a mouth and two eyes ?	pumpkin
16374	People give each other high fives as they ski .	what do people give each other high fives as they ?	ski
16375	The man puts the mop into the blue mop bucket first and then he starts mopping .	what does the man put into the blue mop bucket first and then he starts mopping ?	mop
16375	The man puts the mop into the blue mop bucket first and then he starts mopping .	what is the color of the bucket ?	blue
16380	A lady in a blue shirt from Uzbekistan runs and performs a high jump and we see her score .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
16383	The first lady performs again and knocks the bar over and looks disappointed .	the first lady performs again and knocks what over and looks disappointed ?	bar
16385	The second lady from Uzbekistan performs and clears the bar and almost cries .	the second lady from uzbekistan performs and clears what and almost cries ?	bar
16387	Several clips are shown of people riding around on skateboards in a park while looking back and smiling to the camera .	what are shown of people riding around on skateboards in a park while looking back and smiling to the camera ?	clips
16389	In the end they are seen driving around together in a car and laughing with one another .	where are in the end they seen driving around and laughing with one another . ?	car
16392	They then lay out mats , and do several yoga cool down moves .	they then lay out what , and do several yoga cool down moves ?	mats
16397	A bald individual retrieves the ball and reinserts it into play .	the bald individual retrieves what and reinserts it into play ?	ball
16399	The bald individual retrieves the ball and reinserts it into play again .	the bald individual retrieves what and reinserts it into play again ?	ball
16403	A man throws a bowling balls and throws all the pins every time .	the man throws what and throws all the pins every time ?	balls
16405	The man miss one pin in the last play .	how many pin do the man miss in the last play ?	one
16407	A man uses an electric drill to wind up the floor jack and lift the car tire off the ground .	what does the man use ?	drill
16408	The man uses the electric drill again to mind down the floor jack and lower the car .	what does the man use again ?	drill
16412	A young woman is holding a tablet to record a video of people running in a race and she is standing in the stands at a track filled with people .	what is the young woman holding and she is standing in the stands at a track filled with people ?	tablet
16413	A man is running across the grass field with an orange shirt and a flag on the grass in the middle of the track .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
16414	Another man in a black shirt runs towards the man in the orange shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
16414	Another man in a black shirt runs towards the man in the orange shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
16416	The man in the orange shirt is running across the grass again .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
16417	The young woman puts her tablet down after trying to video the game and looks off into the distance at the people on the track .	the young woman puts what down after trying to video the game and looks off into the distance at the people on the track ?	tablet
16424	The door opens and two people wearing slippers enter the room .	what opens and two people wearing slippers enter the room ?	door
16424	The door opens and two people wearing slippers enter the room .	the door opens and two people wearing what enter the room ?	slippers
16424	The door opens and two people wearing slippers enter the room .	what does the door open and two people wearing slippers enter ?	room
16424	The door opens and two people wearing slippers enter the room .	how many people is wearing slippers enter the room ?	two
16426	Two men standing in front of a pair of bathroom sinks and mirrors remove the robes they 're wearing to reveal spandex clothing , then turn to face the camera to speak .	what are two men standing in front of a pair of bathroom sinks and mirrors remove , then turn to face the camera to speak ?	robes
16426	Two men standing in front of a pair of bathroom sinks and mirrors remove the robes they 're wearing to reveal spandex clothing , then turn to face the camera to speak .	how many men is standing in front of a pair of bathroom sinks and mirrors remove the robes they 're wearing to reveal spandex clothing , then turn to face the camera to speak ?	two
16427	A large group of people ride bicycles down the road .	what do the large group of people ride down the road ?	bicycles
16428	A barefoot man stands in a bathroom .	where does the barefoot man stand . ?	bathroom
16433	The two men demonstrate how to use a razor to shave your legs .	how many men demonstrate how to use the razor to shave your legs ?	two
16435	A man rides a bike down the road .	what does the man rid down the road ?	bicycle
16436	The two men shave their other leg .	how many men shave their other leg ?	two
16437	two kids are standing in front of a christmas tree showing purple boots that are on the christmas tree hanging .	how many kids are standing in front of a christmas tree showing purple boots that are on the christmas tree hanging ?	two
16437	two kids are standing in front of a christmas tree showing purple boots that are on the christmas tree hanging .	what is the color of the boots ?	purple
16444	A family pulls their inter tubes along by hand and the top of the hill .	what does the family pull along by hand and the top of the hill ?	tubes
16449	He steps up and throws several more balls in a circle while in the end wiping sweat off his face with his shirt .	he steps up and throws what in a circle while in the end wiping sweat off his face with his shirt ?	balls
16454	Limes are cut into pieces on a white cutting board .	what is the color of the board ?	white
16464	The lady then walks off camera while laughing .	what does the lady then walk off while laughing ?	camera
16465	Two water faucets are running and show a persons hands under the sink .	what are running and show the persons hands under the sink ?	faucets
16465	Two water faucets are running and show a persons hands under the sink .	how many water faucets are running and show the persons hands under the sink ?	two
16467	A man in a pink suit talks to a man in a red suit and man not wearing a shirt .	what is the color of the suit ?	red
16468	They play rock paper scissors .	what do they play ?	scissors
16470	The man not wearing a shirt chases the man in the pink suit .	the man not wearing what chases the man in the pink suit ?	shirt
16472	The man not wearing a shirt throws a white barrel at the man on the ground .	the man not wearing what throws a white barrel at the man on the ground ?	shirt
16472	The man not wearing a shirt throws a white barrel at the man on the ground .	the man not wearing a shirt throws what at the man on the ground ?	barrel
16472	The man not wearing a shirt throws a white barrel at the man on the ground .	what is the color of the barrel ?	white
16473	A man in a black suit comes out from the bushes .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
16474	He fights the man in the red suit .	what is the color of the suit ?	red
16475	The man with out a shirt throws a barrel on the man in the black suit .	what does the man with out a shirt throw on the man in the black suit ?	barrel
16475	The man with out a shirt throws a barrel on the man in the black suit .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
16480	A man makes repairs to a bicycle on the hardwood floors of a bedroom while two cats look on .	the man makes repairs to a bicycle on the hardwood floors of a bedroom while how many cats look on ?	two
16481	A man enters a bedroom and takes a part a bicycle on his bedroom floor .	the man enters what and takes a part a bicycle on his bedroom floor ?	bedroom
16482	The man then makes repairs using tools while two cats walk around the periphery watching and moving around .	the man then makes repairs using what ?	tools
16482	The man then makes repairs using tools while two cats walk around the periphery watching and moving around .	the man then makes repairs using tools while how many cats walk around the periphery watching and moving around ?	two
16483	A kid in a blue shirt is long boarding .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
16490	The camera pans left and we see the driving court .	what left and we see the driving court ?	pans
16491	A person in purple drives past the camera .	what is the color of the drives ?	purple
16494	The person cuts up bread following by laying various ingredients on the bread .	what does the person cut up following by laying various ingredients on the bread ?	bread
16495	The person closes the bread to make sandwiches followed by putting them in a french press and presenting them to the camera .	what does the person close ?	bread
16498	Two people does kick box in a boxing ring on front a crowd , while the referee turns around the boxers .	how many people does kick box in a boxing ring on front a crowd , while the referee turns around the boxers ?	two
16500	A stick fly and lands on the boxing ring .	what fly and lands on the boxing ring ?	stick
16508	A camera pans around a beach area followed by people walking with a surf board and proceeding to do tricks on the water .	what pans around the beach area followed by people walking with a surf board and proceeding to do tricks on the water ?	camera
16509	The camera captures the men performing different tricks as well as swimming in the ocean and moving in slow motion .	what captures the men performing different tricks as well as swimming in the ocean and moving in slow motion ?	camera
16513	A man dressed in yellow and black winter clothes ice fishes on a a frozen lake .	what is the color of the clothes ?	black
16515	The mans catch finally reaches the surface .	what does the mans catch finally reach ?	surface
16516	People are playing a game of water polo in a swimming pool .	where are people playing a game of water polo . ?	pool
16519	A weightlifter stands on a wooden platform in a gym room and lifts heavily weighted bar bells above his head , several times while surrounded by onlookers .	the weightlifter stands on a wooden platform in a gym room and lifts heavily what above his head , several times ?	bells
16527	One man continues to walk and jump and bounce on the tight rope , doing stunts as the people watch him .	how many man continues to walk and jump and bounce on the tight rope , doing stunts as the people watch him ?	one
16528	There is a bicycle fallen on the ground with its wheels turning fast .	what is there fallen on the ground with its wheels turning fast ?	bicycle
16536	An onboard camera captures all of the fun .	what captures all of the fun ?	camera
16537	A young man is painting the fence .	what is the young man painting ?	fence
16538	A man in white shirt came up to the man in stripes and talk to him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
16539	The man in stripes painted the bread , then he is talking in his cellphone .	what did the man in stripes paint , then he is talking in his cellphone ?	bread
16540	There are two people sailing on a speed boat through the ocean on a sunny day .	how many people are there sailing on a speed boat through the ocean on a sunny day ?	two
16542	One of the sailors pulls a red rope as he wake boards on the steam boat .	what does one of the sailors pull ?	rope
16542	One of the sailors pulls a red rope as he wake boards on the steam boat .	what is the color of the rope ?	red
16544	Several other steam boats pass by them as they sail through the ocean .	what pass by them as they sail through the ocean ?	boats
16545	A woman is in a home gym , talking to the camera .	where is the woman , talking to the camera . ?	gym
16549	A guy run with a thin , elongated stick and throws the stick .	the guy run with a thin , elongated stick and throws what ?	stick
16552	The guy smiles and puts a cloth down .	the guy smiles and puts what down ?	cloth
16564	A clip is shown of a bunch of people white water rafting down some pretty tough river streams .	what is shown of the bunch of people white water rafting down some pretty tough river streams ?	clip
16564	A clip is shown of a bunch of people white water rafting down some pretty tough river streams .	what is the color of the water ?	white
16566	They almost hit a rock as they all paddle very hard .	what did they almost hit ?	rock
16570	A lady is standing and holding a hammer .	what is the lady standing and holding ?	hammer
16571	The lady spins with the hammer and throws the hammer .	the lady spins with the hammer and throws what ?	hammer
16573	children are playing in an olimpic pool and a woman is talking to camera .	where are children playing and a woman is talking to camera . ?	pool
16574	kid is using sunscreen and a woman is talking about coppertone sunscreen recommended for kids .	what is kid using and a woman is talking about coppertone sunscreen recommended for kids ?	sunscreen
16580	A man is bowling and misses one pin with his first ball .	the man is bowling and misses how many pin with his first ball ?	one
16582	The man switches balls and bowls several more rounds getting mostly strikes .	the man switches what and bowls several more rounds getting mostly strikes ?	balls
16582	The man switches balls and bowls several more rounds getting mostly strikes .	the man switches balls and bowls what ?	rounds
16583	He changes his ball again and bowls two more strikes .	he changes what again and bowls two more strikes ?	ball
16583	He changes his ball again and bowls two more strikes .	he changes his ball again and bowls how many more strikes ?	two
16586	Two men play in the street paper , scissors and stone on front other people .	how many men play in the street paper , scissors and stone on front other people ?	two
16589	He tosses a ball over and over to his dog .	what does he toss over and over to his dog ?	ball
16590	The dog continuously bounces the ball back with his nose .	what continuously bounces the ball back with his nose ?	dog
16590	The dog continuously bounces the ball back with his nose .	what does the dog continuously bounce back with his nose ?	ball
16591	A woman in a green shirt is standing outside holding a hula hoop .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
16596	Once they reach the bottom , they grab their tube and begin to walk off the slope .	, they grab what and begin to walk off the slope ?	tube
16597	An intro video with a blue screen that has a picture of a drawn ship is in the background while yellow words scroll from the bottom to the top .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
16597	An intro video with a blue screen that has a picture of a drawn ship is in the background while yellow words scroll from the bottom to the top .	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
16605	The camera stays on number 2 the whole time .	what stays on number 2 the whole time ?	camera
16613	The camera captures the runners from several angles and leads into them performing jumps .	what captures the runners from several angles and leads into them performing jumps ?	camera
16616	The man in black puts a piece of cardboard on his windshield .	what is the color of the man ?	black
16621	A man jumps over stairs and runs into the camera .	the man jumps over what and runs into the camera ?	stairs
16626	The last screen is the light gray screen first shown and include the company name , number and the website .	what is the light gray screen first shown and include the company name , number and the website ?	screen
16626	The last screen is the light gray screen first shown and include the company name , number and the website .	what is the last screen first shown and include the company name , number and the website ?	screen
16626	The last screen is the light gray screen first shown and include the company name , number and the website .	what is the color of the screen ?	gray
16628	She is smoking a hookah with a red tip , and blowing the smoke out of her mouth .	what is she smoking with a red tip , and blowing the smoke out of her mouth ?	hookah
16628	She is smoking a hookah with a red tip , and blowing the smoke out of her mouth .	what is the color of the tip ?	red
16629	She laughs , then shares the hookah with another woman , who changes the tip and smokes as well .	she laughs , then shares what with another woman , who changes the tip and smokes as well ?	hookah
16633	People are doing hair in a hair salon .	where are people doing hair . ?	salon
16639	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
16641	The man wets his hands and adds soap .	the man wets his hands and adds what ?	soap
16650	There are two contestants participating in the athletic jump competition .	how many contestants are there participating in the athletic jump competition ?	two
16660	There 's a girl with light eyes and dark brown hair talking about a colored eye lenses .	what is the color of the hair ?	brown
16662	She opens a small glass bottle that contains the colored lenses .	what does she open ?	bottle
16663	She removes the lens out and places it on her finger .	she removes what out and places it on her finger ?	lens
16665	She shows the yellow colored lens that she has worn .	what does she show ?	lens
16665	She shows the yellow colored lens that she has worn .	what is the color of the lens ?	yellow
16683	We see shots of men riding outdoors and another gate opens .	what do we see shots of men riding outdoors and opens ?	gate
16684	We see a bike laying on it 's side .	what do we see laying on it 's side ?	bicycle
16685	A intro begins and shows a man holding a shovel and talking to the camera .	the intro begins and shows a man holding what and talking to the camera ?	shovel
16688	A man is seen sitting in his car and another puts his gloves on .	what is the man seen and another puts on ?	gloves
16688	A man is seen sitting in his car and another puts his gloves on .	where is the man seen sitting and another puts his gloves on . ?	car
16690	We see two girls one sitting the other bending over .	how many girls do we see one sitting the other bending over ?	two
16694	man wearing shorts is standing next to the hopscotch game .	man wearing what is standing next to the hopscotch game ?	shorts
16696	A large rock is shown followed by people moving around objects and leading into a new segment .	what is shown followed by people moving around objects and leading into a new segment ?	rock
16698	The man then shows the pumpkin around a group of people as well as close up .	the man then shows what around a group of people as well as close up ?	pumpkin
16699	There are horses , and they are getting off a trailer .	what are there , and they are getting off a trailer ?	horses
16705	A plane fly above the beach where people sail .	what fly above the beach where people sail ?	airplane
16709	She feeds the horse apples as they ride through the wooded paths .	what does she feed ?	apples
16713	The fire gradually gets bigger and the woman puts more and more bark into it .	what does the fire gradually get bigger and the woman puts into it ?	bark
16714	A man is seen wearing a red shirt and standing next to a fooseball table .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
16720	Two kids are seen standing around in indoor room holding tennis rackets .	how many kids are seen standing around in indoor room holding tennis rackets ?	two
16721	The camera pans around to children hitting the ball holding tennis rackets .	what pans around to children hitting the ball holding tennis rackets ?	camera
16726	A man is kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
16729	A man wearing black socks is shown putting his black leather shoes on and tying his laces .	the man wearing what is shown putting his black leather shoes on and tying his laces ?	socks
16729	A man wearing black socks is shown putting his black leather shoes on and tying his laces .	what is the color of the socks ?	black
16729	A man wearing black socks is shown putting his black leather shoes on and tying his laces .	what is the color of the shoes ?	black
16730	There 's another person wearing brown leather shoes on black socks .	what is the color of the shoes ?	brown
16730	There 's another person wearing brown leather shoes on black socks .	what is the color of the socks ?	black
16731	He ties the laces tightly to secure them .	what does he tie tightly to secure them ?	laces
16732	Then another scene shows a person wearing leather slip on shoes over black socks .	what is the color of the socks ?	black
16733	Followed by several scenes showing the person wearing brown leather shoes with laces .	what is the color of the shoes ?	brown
16734	He wears the shoes over black socks and ties the shoe laces securely .	he wears the shoes over black socks and ties what securely ?	laces
16734	He wears the shoes over black socks and ties the shoe laces securely .	what is the color of the socks ?	black
16735	He then stands up after he 's done wearing the brown leather shoes .	what is the color of the shoes ?	brown
16738	Two men are playing wall ball in a room .	how many men are playing wall ball in a room ?	two
16738	Two men are playing wall ball in a room .	where are two men playing wall ball . ?	room
16747	He shows off his legs and then runs an electric razor down his legs shaving off the hair .	he shows off his legs and then runs what down his legs ?	razor
16750	The man hands the lady the microphone .	what does the man hand the lady ?	microphone
16751	The middle man crosses his hands and has the microphone .	the middle man crosses his hands and has what ?	microphone
16752	The lady gets the microphone back and talks .	the lady gets what back and talks ?	microphone
16753	The lady grabs flute and plays .	the lady grabs what and plays ?	flute
16764	They are paddling the rafts through harsh white water rapids .	what is the color of the rapids ?	white
16768	A little boy is filling an ice cream cone with ice cream .	what is the little boy filling with ice cream ?	cone
16769	He licks the ice cream cone .	what does he lick ?	cone
16770	He lifts the ice cream cone up to show the camera .	what does he lift up ?	cone
16771	When the pictures are done a dark gray screen appears that include the name of the stucco company , their phone number and their website .	what is the color of the screen ?	gray
16773	Some white text on a black background explains that no humans were injured during this video .	what is the color of the text ?	white
16773	Some white text on a black background explains that no humans were injured during this video .	what is the color of the background ?	black
16775	Some footage plays of other people tight rope walking and doing other tricks on the tight rope .	what plays of other people tight rope walking and doing other tricks on the tight rope ?	footage
16777	More footage is shown of tight rope walkers tripping and falling .	what is shown of tight rope walkers tripping and falling ?	footage
16779	A person is seen riding along the water in a kayak .	where is the person seen riding along the water . ?	kayak
16780	The person uses a paddle to push themselves around the water while looking off into the distance .	what does the person use ?	paddle
16782	A man , with a saxophone around his neck , demonstrates how to play the saxophone in front of a green chalkboard and next to a brown piano .	what is the color of the chalkboard ?	green
16782	A man , with a saxophone around his neck , demonstrates how to play the saxophone in front of a green chalkboard and next to a brown piano .	what is the color of the piano ?	brown
16788	They kick the ball around in their locker room .	what do they kick around in their locker room ?	ball
16788	They kick the ball around in their locker room .	where do they kick the ball around . ?	room
16793	The teens skateboard in the street day and night .	where did the teens skateboard day and night . ?	street
16794	Teens skateboard in a busy street , then they skateboard on the rails of a building .	where did teens skateboard , then they skateboard on the rails of a building . ?	street
16795	After , the teens skateboard day and night in the street .	where did after , the teens skateboard day and night . ?	street
16803	A circle then highlights the player and the game begins .	what then highlights the player and the game begins ?	circle
16805	A man holding a pole runs quickly towards the finish line and throws it quite far .	the man holding what runs quickly towards the finish line and throws it quite far ?	pole
16808	A person is pressing buttons on an oven .	what is the person pressing on an oven ?	buttons
16809	A girl pours ingredients into a bowl together .	what does the girl pour into a bowl together ?	ingredients
16812	She mixes a third time and adds chocolate chips , finally mixing one more time .	she mixes a third time and adds what , ?	chips
16812	She mixes a third time and adds chocolate chips , finally mixing one more time .	she mixes a third time and adds chocolate chips , finally mixing how many more time ?	one
16813	The oven peeps and she prepares a pan with cookie dough .	what peeps and she prepares a pan with cookie dough ?	oven
16814	She puts the dough into the oven and presses bake options .	what does she put into the oven and presses bake options ?	dough
16815	After several minutes she takes out the pan and spread the cookies out .	after several minutes she takes out the pan and spread what out ?	cookies
16817	She mixes ingredients into a container and pours out more water .	she mixes what into a container and pours out more water ?	ingredients
16818	In the she she shows off her lemonade .	what does in the she she show off ?	lemonade
16834	A group of men in all black plays tug of war while people stand around them .	what is the color of the tug ?	black
16838	There 's a guy wearing yellow rubber gloves demonstrating how to fix a tire on a car wheel .	there 's a guy wearing what ?	gloves
16838	There 's a guy wearing yellow rubber gloves demonstrating how to fix a tire on a car wheel .	what is the color of the gloves ?	yellow
16847	She scrubs the dog down with soap and then rinses the dog off while speaking to the camera .	she scrubs what down with soap and then rinses the dog off ?	dog
16847	She scrubs the dog down with soap and then rinses the dog off while speaking to the camera .	she scrubs the dog down with soap and then rinses what off ?	dog
16850	Four young girls perform on stage at the `` American Dance Championships . ''	how many young girls perform on stage at the `` american dance championships . '' ?	four
16857	Two teen boys are standing at a school playing rock , paper & scissors and are surrounded by a large group of teens who are watching .	how many teen boys are standing at the school playing rock , paper & scissors and are surrounded by a large group of teens who are watching ?	two
16860	A moving cloudy sky with lightning appears before we see white text .	what is the color of the text ?	white
16865	The woman shows colored tape used to wrap a hose around and create the tube herself .	what does the woman show used to wrap a hose around and create the tube herself ?	tape
16866	She shows off the final product , then the boy using the hula hoop again .	what does she show off , then the boy using the hula hoop again ?	product
16866	She shows off the final product , then the boy using the hula hoop again .	what does she show off the final product , then the boy using again ?	hoop
16867	A woman is adjusting a camera in a bedroom .	where is the woman adjusting a camera . ?	bedroom
16868	She is smoking a cigarette and ashing it into a tray .	what is she smoking and ashing it into a tray ?	cigarette
16869	She grinds the cigarette into the tray when she is finished .	what does she grind into the tray when she is finished ?	cigarette
16871	She is discussing the shirt and brings out a startch spray .	she is discussing what and brings out a startch spray ?	shirt
16873	She then rearranges the shirt .	what does she then rearrange ?	shirt
16876	Next she flips over the shirt and places the sleeve down .	next she flips over the shirt and places what down ?	sleeve
16878	She then flips the shirt over .	what does she then flip over ?	shirt
16883	A man in a white shirt is standing in a gym .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
16883	A man in a white shirt is standing in a gym .	where is the man in a white shirt standing . ?	gym
16885	He finishes and puts the bar down .	he finishes and puts what down ?	bar
16887	The lady mixes all the ingredients and bakes colorful layers for a cake .	the lady mixes what and bakes colorful layers for a cake ?	ingredients
16887	The lady mixes all the ingredients and bakes colorful layers for a cake .	the lady mixes all the ingredients and bakes what for a cake ?	layers
16890	Two young boys stand on a residential driveway .	how many young boys stand on the residential driveway ?	two
16893	A man in an orange jacket holding skis is walking on the snow to a hill .	what is the color of the skis ?	orange
16894	The person holding the camera puts their skis down and holds the poles .	the person holding what puts their skis down and holds the poles ?	camera
16894	The person holding the camera puts their skis down and holds the poles .	what is the person holding the camera puts down and holds the poles ?	skis
16894	The person holding the camera puts their skis down and holds the poles .	what is the person holding the camera puts their skis down and holds ?	poles
16895	The man in the orange jacket skis down the hill .	what is the color of the skis ?	orange
16896	The man holding the camera follows .	the man holding what follows ?	camera
16898	The man in the orange jacket can be seen in front of him skiing .	what is the color of the jacket ?	orange
16900	He takes off his glove and pulls his cell phone out .	he takes off his glove and pulls what out ?	phone
16901	A man in a blue coat walks up to them and talks to them .	what is the color of the coat ?	blue
16902	A man up on the roof putting up some metal pieces through the shingles .	the man up on the roof putting up what through the shingles ?	pieces
16903	He 's putting little metal pieces on the metal to keep them held .	what does he 's putting on the metal to keep them held ?	pieces
16914	A track athlete prepares and stretches out on a starting line .	what prepares and stretches out on the starting line ?	athlete
16915	A track athlete runs down a track and high jumps over bar onto a mat .	what runs down the track and high jumps over bar onto a mat ?	athlete
16918	We then see a child dive backward into pool .	what do we then see backward into pool ?	dive
16923	We see the title screen on how to make a drink .	what do we see on how to make a drink ?	screen
16931	Finally letting go and throwing the ball .	finally letting and throwing what ?	ball
16939	A woman with a blue bow in hair walks across the screen behind the man and begins talking to another woman who exits the screen .	what is the color of the bow ?	blue
16950	He is doing some more flips and landing on the red mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	red
16952	This time he is wearing a yellow shirt and starts by doing a kick , then starts flipping backwards .	this time he is wearing what and starts by doing a kick , then starts flipping backwards ?	shirt
16952	This time he is wearing a yellow shirt and starts by doing a kick , then starts flipping backwards .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
16959	He shows a bowl and swivels the shaving brush around it .	he shows what and swivels the shaving brush around it ?	bowl
16962	He grabs the bowl again and swivels the shaving brush around the inside .	he grabs what again and swivels the shaving brush around the inside ?	bowl
16965	He splashes his face and dries it with a purple towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	purple
16967	A man in red turban stands in a kitchen .	what is the color of the turban ?	red
16967	A man in red turban stands in a kitchen .	where does the man stand in a kitchen . ?	turban
16968	He pours some ingredients into a glass .	what does he pour into a glass ?	ingredients
16972	The camera continues to capture the bottom of the floor as well as several fish and bottom feeders on the ground .	what continues to capture the bottom of the floor as well as several fish and bottom feeders on the ground ?	camera
16973	The scuba diver moves a flashlight around to capture the bottom and watches the wildlife move around .	what moves the flashlight around to capture the bottom and watches the wildlife move around ?	diver
16978	The person continues painting bushes in the picture and ends with credits rolling above the screen .	the person continues what in the picture and ends with credits rolling above the screen ?	bushes
16986	She raises the bar to her chest , pausing .	what does she raise to her chest , ?	bar
16993	Two people are dancing in a dance studio .	how many people are dancing in the dance studio ?	two
16993	Two people are dancing in a dance studio .	where are two people dancing . ?	studio
16994	First the woman sways her hips a little bit and moves one foot behind the other .	first the woman sways her hips a little bit and moves how many foot behind the other ?	one
16995	An ox is held by a trainer in a city plaza .	what is held by the trainer in a city plaza ?	ox
16996	Two ox duel with horns in a corral while trainers guide them .	how many ox duel with horns in a corral while trainers guide them ?	two
16999	People are working out in a room stepping on a step stools .	where are people working out stepping on a step stools . ?	room
17000	A man in a white shirt is leading the group .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
17002	A boy holds an axe outside .	what does the boy hold outside ?	axe
17009	White wine is added to the mixture .	what is added to the mixture ?	wine
17011	Water is shown boiling in the pot .	where is water shown boiling . ?	pot
17012	Pasta and sauce are mixed together in the pot .	where are pasta and sauce mixed together . ?	pot
17013	The final pasta is added to a bowl and Parmesan cheese is added .	what is added to the bowl and parmesan cheese is added ?	pasta
17015	The people are looking around in amazement as one horse riding catches a calf almost instantly .	the people are looking around in amazement as how many horse riding catches a calf almost instantly ?	one
17019	A cat is laying on its back in someone 's lap .	what is laying on its back in someone 's lap ?	cat
17021	They finish and pet the cat 's foot .	they finish and pet what foot ?	cat
17024	She spanks her butt and stands there getting ready to start her run .	she spanks what and stands there getting ready to start her run ?	butt
17026	There are two young girls holding violins in their hands , standing with a music stand and a book with music notes behind them .	how many young girls are there holding violins in their hands , standing with a music stand and a book with music notes behind them ?	two
17028	Then the older sister grabs her violin and tunes the strings of the violin .	then the older sister grabs what and tunes the strings of the violin ?	violin
17036	One of them throws a ball onto the field and the people begin playing a game on their horses .	what does one of them throw onto the field and the people begin playing a game on their horses ?	ball
17037	There 's a man dressed in all white playing croquet in an open field .	what is the color of the croquet ?	white
17038	there are several chairs arranged in the field .	what are there arranged in the field ?	chairs
17039	He takes the mallet in his hand and hits the croquet ball to the hoop .	he takes the mallet in his hand and hits what to the hoop ?	ball
17040	He hits the ball and it lands straight into the hoop .	what does he hit and it lands straight into the hoop ?	ball
17042	The opponent serves the ball .	what does the opponent serve ?	ball
17046	The ball goes out of bounds .	what goes out of bounds ?	ball
17047	A man serves the ball and they engage in a brief back and forth of the ball before the ball falls to the ground .	what does the man serve and they engage in a brief back and forth of the ball before the ball falls to the ground ?	ball
17048	We see a black title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
17048	We see a black title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
17050	The man washes the window .	what does the man wash ?	window
17052	The man uses leaf blower to dry the window .	what does the man use ?	blower
17064	A man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is playing ?	guitar
17064	A man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
17064	A man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the color of the jeans ?	blue
17074	The guy plays a saxophone and uses a microphone .	the guy plays what and uses a microphone ?	saxophone
17074	The guy plays a saxophone and uses a microphone .	the guy plays a saxophone and uses what ?	microphone
17076	A person is painting a wooden fence .	what is the person painting ?	fence
17077	A cat 's paws can be seen coming out from under the fence .	what paws can be seen coming out from under the fence ?	cat
17077	A cat 's paws can be seen coming out from under the fence .	what can be seen coming out from under the fence ?	paws
17078	A dog is looking at the cat 's paws .	what is looking at the cat 's paws ?	dog
17082	woman is riding a horse in a barn and another woman is leading the horse with a rope .	what is woman riding a horse in a barn and another woman is leading with a rope ?	horse
17082	woman is riding a horse in a barn and another woman is leading the horse with a rope .	where is woman riding a horse and another woman is leading the horse with a rope . ?	barn
17084	woma is riding a horse in a barn and pictures of people riding horses .	what is woma riding in a barn and pictures of people riding horses ?	horse
17090	The boy dodges the pinata that is swinging at him .	what does the boy dodge ?	pinata
17092	A man sits in a chair and talks while holding a harmonica and occasionally playing it while sitting in a front of green cloth backdrop .	what is the color of the backdrop ?	green
17094	A group of men are talking in a room .	where are the group of men talking . ?	room
17098	He grabs sugar , puts a lid over his coffee and then smiles off in the distance while walking away .	he grabs what , puts a lid over his coffee and then smiles off in the distance while walking away ?	sugar
17101	The man then paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood .	what is the color of the wood ?	black
17102	The man ends with painting a dresser drawer pink before the scene fades to a black marketing graphic .	what is the color of the graphic ?	black
17106	The boy is wearing a blue hoodie and the girl is wearing a white sweater with blue horizontal stripes .	what is the boy wearing a blue hoodie and the girl is wearing with blue horizontal stripes ?	sweater
17106	The boy is wearing a blue hoodie and the girl is wearing a white sweater with blue horizontal stripes .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	blue
17106	The boy is wearing a blue hoodie and the girl is wearing a white sweater with blue horizontal stripes .	what is the color of the sweater ?	white
17106	The boy is wearing a blue hoodie and the girl is wearing a white sweater with blue horizontal stripes .	what is the color of the stripes ?	blue
17108	The boy holds the needles up and shows how he uses the yarn to knit .	the boy holds what up and shows how he uses the yarn to knit ?	needles
17109	A group of masked people , wearing all black , play an animated graphic game of paintball in a war field .	what is the color of the people ?	black
17110	The fighting soldiers pass an animated dog on a leash with a person dressed in a black and white referee uniform holding the leash .	what do the fighting soldiers pass on a leash with a person dressed in a black and white referee uniform holding the leash ?	dog
17111	The shooting continues among the masked soldiers until a `` red team wins '' letter box appears and the soldiers head to the right and thin out in numbers .	what is the color of the box ?	red
17116	A diver does a handstand dive from the highest platform into the swimming pool .	what does the diver do from the highest platform into the swimming pool ?	dive
17118	One soccer player kicks the ball into the field .	what does one soccer player kick into the field ?	ball
17118	One soccer player kicks the ball into the field .	how many soccer player kicks the ball into the field ?	one
17125	A large waterfall is shown outside near a rocky trail of water .	what is shown outside near the rocky trail of water ?	waterfall
17128	First the camera shows the three people who are snow tubing down the slippery snowy slide .	what does first show the three people who are snow tubing down the slippery snowy slide ?	camera
17128	First the camera shows the three people who are snow tubing down the slippery snowy slide .	how many people does first the camera show who are snow tubing down the slippery snowy slide ?	three
17129	Then one person is shown wearing glasses and other snow gear in the snow tubes .	how many person is then shown wearing glasses and other snow gear in the snow tubes ?	one
17139	The video then shows multiple people hiking up a very rocky mountain as they speak to the camera .	the video then shows multiple people hiking up what ?	mountain
17144	She stands and wipes her trowel clean with a brush .	she stands and wipes what clean with a brush ?	trowel
17148	She smooths the wall again .	what does she smooth again ?	wall
17150	She wipes the wall again , then cleans her brush again twice .	what does she wipe again , then cleans her brush again twice ?	wall
17152	An intro screen appears with logos , company names and website .	what appears with logos , company names and website ?	screen
17155	A screen appears with the words `` Methods of Installation '' and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts , and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout .	what appears with the words `` methods of installation '' and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts , and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout ?	screen
17155	A screen appears with the words `` Methods of Installation '' and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts , and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout .	the screen appears with the words `` methods of installation '' and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts , and then shows what in each layout ?	carpets
17155	A screen appears with the words `` Methods of Installation '' and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts , and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout .	the screen appears with the words `` methods of installation '' and includes how many different diagrams of layouts , and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout ?	three
17156	The outro is a white screen with the logos , company names , and website .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
17158	Two children help him push it .	how many children help him push it ?	two
17160	Several cars drive by them .	what drive by them ?	cars
17161	People stand around in a room .	where do people stand around . ?	room
17165	A little girl/toddler in a lime green hair bow and tutu stands outside under a tree and hits a pinata with a stick .	the little girl/toddler in a lime green hair bow and tutu stands outside under a tree and hits what with a stick ?	pinata
17165	A little girl/toddler in a lime green hair bow and tutu stands outside under a tree and hits a pinata with a stick .	what is the color of the bow ?	green
17166	The pinata flings around , and the girl hits the pinata again .	what flings around , and the girl hits the pinata again ?	pinata
17166	The pinata flings around , and the girl hits the pinata again .	what does the pinata fling around , and the girl hits again ?	pinata
17169	The camera pans to focus on the two women .	what pans to focus on the two women ?	camera
17174	He loses his balance and jumps off the rope .	he loses his balance and jumps off what ?	rope
17175	There are two cars in the car wash and one parked in a spot .	where are two cars and one parked in a spot . ?	wash
17176	The owners of the cars are soaping them down and cleaning the tires very well .	what are the owners of the cars soaping them down and cleaning very well ?	tires
17178	One of the other car owners is rinsing his car off .	what is one of the other car owners rinsing off ?	car
17183	Materials are gathered and then the kite is assembled .	what are materials gathered and then is assembled ?	kite
17189	A guy picks up a shovel land shovels snow off to the side .	what does the guy pick up off to the side ?	snow
17191	The guy picks up the shovel and continues to shovel snow .	the guy picks up what and continues to shovel snow ?	shovel
17194	The scene switches to a black screen with some text about an upcoming marathon .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
17198	There is a fast motion video showing a family carving four pumpkins to make jack o lanterns in their kitchen .	there is a fast motion video showing a family carving what ?	pumpkins
17198	There is a fast motion video showing a family carving four pumpkins to make jack o lanterns in their kitchen .	there is a fast motion video showing a family carving how many pumpkins to make jack o lanterns in their kitchen ?	four
17200	The two other girls are helping their parents carve the pumpkins and remove the seeds and pulp out of the pumpkin .	how many other girls are helping their parents carve the pumpkins and remove the seeds and pulp out of the pumpkin ?	two
17203	They being their match , one in a white tank top and green shorts , the other in an orange shirt and white shorts .	what is they being their match , one in a white tank top and , the other in an orange shirt and white shorts ?	shorts
17203	They being their match , one in a white tank top and green shorts , the other in an orange shirt and white shorts .	what is the color of the top ?	white
17203	They being their match , one in a white tank top and green shorts , the other in an orange shirt and white shorts .	what is the color of the shorts ?	green
17203	They being their match , one in a white tank top and green shorts , the other in an orange shirt and white shorts .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
17203	They being their match , one in a white tank top and green shorts , the other in an orange shirt and white shorts .	what is the color of the shorts ?	white
17205	Two men are seen speaking to one another in front of the camera while moving their hands around to their voices .	how many men are seen speaking to one another in front of the camera while moving their hands around to their voices ?	two
17210	A young man solves a rubix cube quickly in a digitally timed session .	what does the young man solve quickly in a digitally timed session ?	cube
17211	A man in a yellow shirt with a graphic of a man 's face on it talks to the camera and holds up an unsolved rubix cube .	the man in a yellow shirt with a graphic of a man 's face on it talks to the camera and holds up what ?	cube
17211	A man in a yellow shirt with a graphic of a man 's face on it talks to the camera and holds up an unsolved rubix cube .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
17212	A black digital timer appears on the screen in the lower right hand corner and begins to run time .	what appears on the screen in the lower right hand corner and begins to run time ?	timer
17212	A black digital timer appears on the screen in the lower right hand corner and begins to run time .	what is the color of the timer ?	black
17213	Two men are seen speaking to the camera while each hold a bow and arrow .	how many men are seen speaking to the camera while each hold a bow and arrow ?	two
17214	One man shows off his while clips are shown of people shooting the bow and shown in between .	how many man shows off his while clips are shown of people shooting the bow and shown in between ?	one
17215	The other man shows off his bow while still showing off his specs .	what does the other man show off ?	bow
17216	A mop 's attributes are demonstrated through computer graphics close-ups of various parts .	what attributes are demonstrated through computer graphics close-ups of various parts ?	mop
17217	The mop is demonstrated in actual use .	what is demonstrated in actual use ?	mop
17223	The lady spins with the disk and releases the disk .	the lady spins with the disk and releases what ?	disk
17226	The wall paper is cut with sheers to the proper size .	what is cut with sheers to the proper size ?	paper
17228	The wall paper is attached to the wall and smoothed down by hand .	what is attached to the wall and smoothed down by hand ?	paper
17229	The person uses a towel to flatten out the wall paper .	what does the person use ?	towel
17231	The wall paper is cut and creased along the ceiling .	what is cut and creased along the ceiling ?	paper
17236	A dog walks in the yard where people pile grass .	what walks in the yard where people pile grass ?	dog
17237	A man cut the grass using a hand cutter .	what did the man cut ?	grass
17238	The dogs smells on the ground .	what smells on the ground ?	dogs
17247	A woman and a man salute , and then they demonstrate karate moves in a gym .	where do the woman and a man salute , and then they demonstrate karate moves . ?	gym
17249	A graphic is seen with drawings of mushrooms and plants .	what is seen with drawings of mushrooms and plants ?	graphic
17262	A woman is sitting next to a baby in a high chair .	where is the woman sitting . ?	chair
17274	We see man teasing a bull with a flag .	we see man teasing what with a flag ?	bull
17275	The bull charges at the flag .	what charges at the flag ?	bull
17276	The bull charges and goes after the flag .	what charges and goes after the flag ?	bull
17277	The bullfighter moves left and the bull follows him .	what did the bullfighter moves leave and follows him ?	bull
17278	Two men walk holding sticks out in front of them .	how many men walk holding sticks out in front of them ?	two
17279	They arrange discs onto some numbers .	they arrange what onto some numbers ?	discs
17281	The man in red throws his disc .	what does the man in red throw ?	disc
17282	The first man throws another disc .	what does the first man throw ?	disc
17283	The man in the red shirt follows .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
17284	The first man throws another disc and the man in the red shirt follows .	what does the first man throw and the man in the red shirt follows ?	disc
17284	The first man throws another disc and the man in the red shirt follows .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
17287	He is playing the bagpipes while the other soldiers stand and watch him .	what is he playing ?	bagpipes
17292	A large black male and John Cena are in a wrestling ring arm wrestling .	what is the color of the male ?	black
17293	After a certain amount of time , John Cena wins and someone jumps on his back and begins wrestling him and picks the black man up and drops him .	what is the color of the man ?	black
17295	A marching band plays in a gym and people watch .	where does the marching band play . ?	watch
17300	A woman is working out an elliptical machine .	what is the woman working out ?	machine
17302	A person plugs a cell phone into the machine .	what does the person plug into the machine ?	phone
17303	A boy skateboard on a road jumping and flipping the skateboard in the street .	where did the boy skateboard on a road jumping and flipping the skateboard . ?	street
17304	A skateboard leans on a tree .	what leans on the tree ?	skateboard
17308	A man sharpens his razor blade .	what does the man sharpen ?	blade
17315	Two people are seen sitting on shore while sitting in kayaks .	how many people are seen sitting on shore while sitting in kayaks ?	two
17316	One person inches himself closer to the water and begins riding along down the river .	how many person inches himself closer to the water and begins riding along down the river ?	one
17317	Young men ride skateboards and do skidding turns in a city plaza .	young men ride what and do skidding turns in a city plaza ?	skateboards
17317	Young men ride skateboards and do skidding turns in a city plaza .	young men ride skateboards and do what in a city plaza ?	turns
17326	wmoan is sitting in a table and have a box and a a gift wrap on top and its showing how to wrap the gift and talking about it .	wmoan is sitting in a table and have what and a a gift wrap on top and its showing ?	box
17327	decoative tapes are used to make a ribbon aound the gift and is showing how to make ribbons with diferents clothes .	what are used to make the ribbon aound the gift and is showing how to make ribbons with diferents clothes ?	tapes
17330	He grabs a towel and puts his hands in the air .	he grabs what and puts his hands in the air ?	towel
17331	A man is standing at a bar and he begins pouring ice into a tall cup along with blue liquid , dark liquid , and a red liquid .	what is the color of the liquid ?	blue
17331	A man is standing at a bar and he begins pouring ice into a tall cup along with blue liquid , dark liquid , and a red liquid .	what is the color of the liquid ?	red
17333	When the man is finished shaking the drink he removes the cup from the shaker , pours the liquids into a smaller cup , and sticks a white straw in it .	he removes what from the shaker , pours the liquids into a smaller cup , and sticks a white straw in it ?	cup
17333	When the man is finished shaking the drink he removes the cup from the shaker , pours the liquids into a smaller cup , and sticks a white straw in it .	what is the color of the straw ?	white
17334	All while talking the man then picks up the cup , smells it , smiles and holds the drink up .	what is all while talking the man then picks up , smells it , smiles and holds the drink up ?	cup
17334	All while talking the man then picks up the cup , smells it , smiles and holds the drink up .	what is all while talking the man then picks up the cup , smells it , smiles and holds up ?	drink
17335	A camera pans around a person riding around on a horse .	what pans around the person riding around on a horse ?	camera
17340	People in stands watch as two bulls walk around in a bullfighting ring , other people walk around in the ring taking pictures .	people in stands watch as how many bulls walk around in a bullfighting ring ?	two
17341	The bulls lock horns , and are aggressive toward one another .	what lock horns , and are aggressive toward one another ?	bulls
17341	The bulls lock horns , and are aggressive toward one another .	the bulls lock what , and are aggressive toward one another ?	horns
17342	One bull walks away from the other one , and then quickly turns to reengage in the fight .	what walks away from the other one , and then quickly turns to reengage in the fight ?	bull
17342	One bull walks away from the other one , and then quickly turns to reengage in the fight .	how many bull walks away from the other one ?	one
17344	The bulls begin to fight .	what begin to fight ?	bulls
17347	man is putting red tape on bicycle bars .	what is man putting on bicycle bars ?	tape
17347	man is putting red tape on bicycle bars .	what is the color of the tape ?	red
17348	the man is wrapping all the bar in the red tape .	what is the man wrapping in the red tape ?	bar
17348	the man is wrapping all the bar in the red tape .	what is the color of the tape ?	red
17348	the man is wrapping all the bar in the red tape .	where is the man wrapping all the bar . ?	tape
17350	A dog jumps and grabs the frisbee in the air .	what jumps and grabs the frisbee in the air ?	dog
17351	The man lays on his back and the dog stands on his feet .	what does the man lay on his back and stands on his feet ?	dog
17352	The man bends down and the dog jumps on his back .	what does the man bend down and jumps on his back ?	dog
17353	The dog runs and jumps into the mans arms and the man carries him .	what runs and jumps into the mans arms and the man carries him ?	dog
17355	Many lemons fall onto a counter .	what fall onto the counter ?	lemons
17356	The woman grabs a wooden bowl and pours brown sugar into it .	the woman grabs what and pours brown sugar into it ?	bowl
17356	The woman grabs a wooden bowl and pours brown sugar into it .	the woman grabs a wooden bowl and pours what into it ?	sugar
17356	The woman grabs a wooden bowl and pours brown sugar into it .	what is the color of the sugar ?	brown
17357	She grabs a lemon and rubs brown sugar all over the lemon .	she grabs what and rubs brown sugar all over the lemon ?	lemon
17357	She grabs a lemon and rubs brown sugar all over the lemon .	what is the color of the sugar ?	brown
17358	She proceeds to rub two lemons onto the counter .	how many lemons does she proceed to rub onto the counter ?	two
17360	She squeezes lemon juice into a bowl .	what does she squeeze into a bowl ?	juice
17361	She pours the squeezed lemon juice into a pitcher .	what does she pour into a pitcher ?	juice
17362	She pours boiling water into the bowl with brown sugar in it .	what is the color of the sugar ?	brown
17363	Shes pours the watered brown sugar into the pitcher and stirs .	shes pours what into the pitcher and stirs ?	sugar
17363	Shes pours the watered brown sugar into the pitcher and stirs .	what is the color of the sugar ?	brown
17364	She breaks ice cubes by hitting them with a spoon .	what does she break by hitting them with a spoon ?	cubes
17365	She places the ice into a glass and adds the lemonade .	she places the ice into a glass and adds what ?	lemonade
17367	A cowboy rides a horse out of a corral and enters into a fenced off area .	the cowboy rides what out of a corral and enters into a fenced off area ?	horse
17371	They are holding batons as they march .	what are they holding ?	batons
17373	An indoor track is shown as a male begins running with a pole vault but he is n't successful in his jump .	what is shown as the male begins running with a pole vault but he is n't successful in his jump ?	track
17378	The two groups play and interact with each other .	how many groups play and interact with each other ?	two
17379	A man l dead lifts a weight bar from the ground over his head in a gym .	what does the man l dead lift from the ground over his head in a gym ?	bar
17380	The man does repetitions lifting a weight bar up off the ground to waist level .	the man does repetitions lifting what up off the ground ?	bar
17381	There are two men using defense techniques as a way of dance moves .	how many men are there using defense techniques as a way of dance moves ?	two
17383	Two other men come in from the crowd to try and dance , but the video ends .	how many other men come in from the crowd to try and dance ?	two
17395	On a white piece is of paper is a foot long piece of bread and a row of ham , pepperoni , salami then cheese are added on the sub .	what is the color of the piece ?	white
17398	Now , the sub is toasted a lettuce and tomatoes are added along with cucumbers , anchovies , oil , vinegar and mayo .	what is now , toasted the lettuce and tomatoes are added along with cucumbers , anchovies , oil , vinegar and mayo ?	sub
17398	Now , the sub is toasted a lettuce and tomatoes are added along with cucumbers , anchovies , oil , vinegar and mayo .	what is now , the sub toasted and tomatoes are added along with cucumbers , anchovies , oil , vinegar and mayo ?	lettuce
17398	Now , the sub is toasted a lettuce and tomatoes are added along with cucumbers , anchovies , oil , vinegar and mayo .	what is now , the sub toasted a lettuce and are added along with cucumbers , anchovies , oil , vinegar and mayo ?	tomatoes
17399	The sub is finally finished cut in half , rolled in paper , and then totaled out on the register .	what is finally finished cut in half , rolled in paper , and then totaled out on the register ?	sub
17400	Several boys are interacting in an ice rink .	where are several boys interacting . ?	rink
17401	Two boys that are sliding on their knees towards each other collide and fall back .	how many boys that are sliding on their knees towards each other collide and fall back ?	two
17402	A boy releases a curling stone .	what does the boy release ?	stone
17403	Three boys walk together across on the ice .	how many boys walk together across on the ice ?	three
17407	A waterfall spills into the raft .	what spills into the raft ?	waterfall
17408	Two boats of rafters raft down a river .	how many boats of rafters raft down a river ?	two
17409	The first boat splashes the rear boat .	what splashes the rear boat ?	boat
17409	The first boat splashes the rear boat .	what does the first boat splash ?	boat
17410	The rafters splash each other .	what splash each other ?	rafters
17411	A raft turns over in the water and rafters float to the river bank .	what turns over in the water and rafters float to the river bank ?	raft
17413	The end title card appears on the screen .	what appears on the screen ?	card
17419	He sets the beer glass down on a table .	what does he set down on a table ?	glass
17420	A woman holds two big gloves where two little girls tap with both hands .	what does the woman hold ?	gloves
17420	A woman holds two big gloves where two little girls tap with both hands .	how many big gloves does the woman hold where two little girls tap with both hands ?	two
17422	People practice karate in a room .	where do people practice karate . ?	room
17423	A person holds a boy that is on a swing rod , and then push the rod .	what does the person hold a boy , and then push ?	rod
17426	A young man wearing yellow t-shirt move his arms .	the young man wearing what move his arms ?	t-shirt
17426	A young man wearing yellow t-shirt move his arms .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	yellow
17428	As a team is trying to score , a player in a white shirt ducks as the puck flies over her head .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
17430	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
17431	Two people are carrying kite surf boards to the water and we see people riding them in the water .	what are two people carrying to the water and we see people riding them in the water ?	boards
17431	Two people are carrying kite surf boards to the water and we see people riding them in the water .	how many people are carrying kite surf boards to the water ?	two
17436	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
17438	He then solves the rubix cube in a matter of seconds and shows off his time to the camera .	he then solves what in a matter of seconds and shows off his time to the camera ?	cube
17439	Two kids are seen riding in a truck moving down a road as well as shots of landscapes and the kids sitting on bikes .	how many kids are seen riding in the truck moving down a road as well as shots of landscapes and the kids sitting on bikes ?	two
17441	A man wearing a white shirt is playing pool in a recreation room .	the man wearing what is playing pool in a recreation room ?	shirt
17441	A man wearing a white shirt is playing pool in a recreation room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
17441	A man wearing a white shirt is playing pool in a recreation room .	where is the man wearing a white shirt is playing pool . ?	room
17443	The man playing pool hits the balls as he continues playing the game .	what hits the balls as he continues playing the game ?	pool
17443	The man playing pool hits the balls as he continues playing the game .	what does the man playing pool hit ?	balls
17445	Then the man put mulch around the tree and gives form with a rack .	then the man put what around the tree and gives form with a rack ?	mulch
17449	He lobs the ball back and forth against the wall , interspersed with talking about the game .	what does he lob back and forth against the wall , interspersed with talking about the game ?	ball
17451	Two men are standing on an indoor gym and in sync they both start jumping on their metal bouncy stits and they both do a backflip .	how many men are standing on an indoor gym and in sync they both start jumping on their metal bouncy stits ?	two
17452	Various clips of various different people also wearing the bouncy stilts play and they 're all running , flipping and doing various tricks while landing onto blue mats in an indoor gym .	what is the color of the mats ?	blue
17460	The boy dunks a small ball into the basket and walks back to grab it .	the boy dunks what into the basket and walks back to grab it ?	ball
17462	A person in a red shirt is hopping along the street with the chalk on it .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
17465	Chocolate bars are cut up with a knife .	what are cut up with the knife ?	bars
17466	Butter is microwaved and prepared with sugar and other ingredients .	what is microwaved and prepared with sugar and other ingredients ?	butter
17467	Everything is stirred and the chocolate is put in .	what is everything stirred and is put in ?	chocolate
17468	The cookies are shaped and put in an oven .	what are shaped and put in an oven ?	cookies
17468	The cookies are shaped and put in an oven .	where are the cookies shaped and put . ?	oven
17473	Four people are in a pool hitting the ball back and forth over the net .	how many people are in the pool hitting the ball back and forth over the net ?	four
17475	The ball goes out on both sides and they are forced to get out and go and get it .	what goes out on both sides and they are forced to get out and go and get it ?	ball
17476	They get the large beach ball back and continue to hit it over the net to one another .	they get what back and continue to hit it over the net to one another ?	ball
17477	The man in black shirt is walking and then raised the ball up .	the man in black shirt is walking and then raised what up ?	ball
17477	The man in black shirt is walking and then raised the ball up .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
17478	The man put the ball on his neck and started to turn around and threw the ball .	the man put what on his neck and started to turn around and threw the ball ?	ball
17478	The man put the ball on his neck and started to turn around and threw the ball .	the man put the ball on his neck and started and threw what ?	ball
17480	A track athlete walks down the path .	what walks down the path ?	athlete
17487	An ice rink is shown with a hockey game in progress with the first long shot goal is made followed by a replay .	what is shown with the hockey game in progress with the first long shot goal is made followed by a replay ?	rink
17489	A heated battle of two teams ends with an orange team player scoring .	what is the color of the player ?	orange
17490	Two more teams make long scoring shots from left to right .	how many more teams make long scoring shots from left to right ?	two
17491	A white teams scores after a player falls on the ice rink .	what is the color of the scores ?	white
17494	blonde woman is raking dry leaves in a backyard and dog is playing with them running .	what is blonde woman raking in a backyard and dog is playing with them running ?	leaves
17494	blonde woman is raking dry leaves in a backyard and dog is playing with them running .	what is blonde woman raking dry leaves in a backyard and is playing with them running ?	dog
17494	blonde woman is raking dry leaves in a backyard and dog is playing with them running .	where is blonde woman raking dry leaves and dog is playing with them running . ?	backyard
17495	dog is unning in the backyard and is drinkin water from a smal fountain and keep running through the field playing with the leaves while the woman keep raking .	what is unning in the backyard and is drinkin water from a smal fountain and keep running through the field playing with the leaves while the woman keep raking ?	dog
17496	Two people are standing behind a counter .	how many people are standing behind the counter ?	two
17497	One person is adding peppers to a salad .	what is one person adding to a salad ?	peppers
17497	One person is adding peppers to a salad .	how many person is adding peppers to a salad ?	one
17502	A man is stirring something in a pot .	where is the man stirring something . ?	pot
17505	The camera pans left to watch the first man working at an oven .	what left to watch the first man working at an oven ?	pans
17506	People in uniforms of various characters are shown running around a green field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
17508	The large yellow character attempts to get a goal but is n't successful and he falls to his knee in disappointment .	what is the color of the character ?	yellow
17512	The man throws a frisbee off into the distance and the dog chases after it .	what does the man throw off into the distance and the dog chases after it ?	frisbee
17512	The man throws a frisbee off into the distance and the dog chases after it .	what does the man throw a frisbee off into the distance and chases after it ?	dog
17513	The dog grabs the frisbee and runs back to the man .	what grabs the frisbee and runs back to the man ?	dog
17513	The dog grabs the frisbee and runs back to the man .	the dog grabs what and runs back to the man ?	frisbee
17514	A young woman is in a gym .	where is the young woman . ?	gym
17516	Three other people are near her , also on exercise machines .	how many other people are near her , also on exercise machines ?	three
17522	The lady wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face .	the lady wipes what off and washes her face ?	makeup
17523	the lady rinses the soap off her face .	what does the lady rinse off her face ?	soap
17528	A swimming pool is shown in a room .	what is swimming shown in a room ?	pool
17528	A swimming pool is shown in a room .	where is the swimming pool shown . ?	room
17530	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
17531	A man is playing the drums while wearing earphones .	what is the man playing while wearing earphones ?	drums
17538	A large group of people are sitting around while two men bring out a table and a man and woman stand on it .	the large group of people are sitting around while how many men bring out a table and a man and woman stand on it ?	two
17541	A man with dreads is talking and getting his instruments together to make some music .	what is the man with dreads talking and getting together ?	instruments
17551	He shows the carved watermelon .	what does he show ?	watermelon
17552	The lights turn off and he shows the carved watermelon .	what do the lights turn off and he shows ?	watermelon
17556	Two girls spin double jump ropes while a girl in a black skirt jumps and a crowd of spectators watches on .	two girls spin what and a crowd of spectators watches on ?	ropes
17556	Two girls spin double jump ropes while a girl in a black skirt jumps and a crowd of spectators watches on .	how many girls spin double jump ropes while a girl in a black skirt jumps ?	two
17556	Two girls spin double jump ropes while a girl in a black skirt jumps and a crowd of spectators watches on .	what is the color of the skirt ?	black
17557	A girl in jeans enters the ropes and performs different jumping moves .	the girl in jeans enters what and performs different jumping moves ?	ropes
17558	A girl in a blue shirt enters the jump ropes and performs different moves while jumping .	the girl in a blue shirt enters what and performs different moves while jumping ?	ropes
17558	A girl in a blue shirt enters the jump ropes and performs different moves while jumping .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
17561	People are playing the drums .	what are people playing ?	drums
17570	A woman is in a stable with a white horse .	what is the color of the horse ?	white
17572	She pets the horse as she talks , and tries to keep him calm .	what did she pet ?	horse
17577	We see an animated opening scene .	what do we see ?	scene
17579	The man knocks the pole down and lays down in disappointment .	the man knocks what down and lays down in disappointment ?	pole
17581	The man tries a third time and the poles stays up .	what does the man try a third time and stays up ?	poles
17586	A man in a black shirt is sitting down playing a drum set .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
17589	He is wearing winter clothing and his fully covered .	what is he wearing and his fully covered ?	clothing
17594	She places it in cut cellophane , the wraps it around the present .	where does she place it , the wraps it around the present . ?	cellophane
17596	A camera pans around a dark kitchen and leads to the person walking down a set of stairs .	what pans around the dark kitchen and leads to the person walking down a set of stairs ?	camera
17600	The person continues moving around to cut the grass and the camera captures his movements .	what does the person continue and captures his movements ?	camera
17602	The man throws the ball and hits several pins while running back and cheering to the camera .	the man throws what and hits several pins while running back and cheering to the camera ?	ball
17602	The man throws the ball and hits several pins while running back and cheering to the camera .	the man throws the ball and hits what while running back and cheering to the camera ?	pins
17607	Doors open to a store , with various images of people working on different projects .	what open to the store , with various images of people working on different projects ?	doors
17609	The dog is shown with his new legs as they heal .	what is shown with his new legs as they heal ?	dog
17610	In the final scene , the dog is walking along with a leashed pet pig .	what is in the final scene , walking along with a leashed pet pig ?	dog
17616	Several clips are shown of people enjoying different sports and activities .	what are shown of people enjoying different sports and activities ?	clips
17618	A cowboy riding a horse exits a gate .	the cowboy riding what exits a gate ?	horse
17618	A cowboy riding a horse exits a gate .	what is the cowboy riding a horse exits ?	gate
17619	He ropes a little calf with a lasso .	what did he rope with a lasso ?	calf
17620	He jumps down and ties up the calf .	he jumps down and ties up what ?	calf
17621	A cue ball rolls on a table slowly away from the pocket .	what rolls on the table slowly away from the pocket ?	ball
17624	A leg wearing a blue pants with red and white lines is shown , it moves on the snow , the legs were crossed as the lifebuoy moves on the snow .	the leg wearing what with red and white lines is shown , it moves on the snow , the legs were crossed as the lifebuoy moves on the snow ?	pants
17624	A leg wearing a blue pants with red and white lines is shown , it moves on the snow , the legs were crossed as the lifebuoy moves on the snow .	what is the color of the pants ?	blue
17637	He dismounts and lands on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
17644	man is running wearing stilts in a green grassy field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
17645	cars are parked on side of a street in the background .	what are parked on side of a street in the background ?	cars
17646	man get ous the grass and runs into a street .	man get ous what and runs into a street ?	grass
17650	The man walks up and sees two people performing martial arts in the middle of a circle .	the man walks up and sees how many people performing martial arts in the middle of a circle ?	two
17657	A man is using a weed whacker to trim bushes .	what is the man using ?	whacker
17658	He turns away from the bushes and cuts weeds on the ground .	he turns away from the bushes and cuts what on the ground ?	weeds
17660	woman grab some pasta and put them in boiled water .	woman grab what and put them in boiled water ?	pasta
17661	woman grab one spaghetti and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it .	woman grab what and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it ?	spaghetti
17661	woman grab one spaghetti and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it .	woman grab how many spaghetti and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it ?	one
17662	throw the water in the sink and grate cheese in pasta and a little oegano and serve it in a white plate .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
17665	Dog owner stand with and hold their dogs .	dog owner stand with and hold what ?	dogs
17672	The person then sharpens the blade on a coffee mug and cuts through the paper .	the person then sharpens what on a coffee mug and cuts through the paper ?	blade
17674	Dobson sketches out a design on white canvas and starts painting it .	what is the color of the canvas ?	white
17677	He puts ice into the glass and pours drinks into it .	he puts ice into the glass and pours what into it ?	drinks
17680	Two men are talking while one is sitting in his car .	how many men are talking while one is sitting in his car ?	two
17681	A man is cleaning a car and talking to the camera .	what is the man cleaning and talking to the camera ?	car
17682	The car is dried and vacuumed , then on to the next car .	what is dried and vacuumed , then on to the next car ?	car
17683	The customer is handed his keys and he is on his way with a clean car .	what is the customer handed and he is on his way with a clean car ?	keys
17684	Two men are messing around while cleaning the car .	how many men are messing around while cleaning the car ?	two
17688	The cat below walks in and out of the screen while she 's twirling the baton and even throws it up in the air , catches it then continues to twirl it .	what below walks in and out of the screen while she 's twirling the baton and even throws it up in the air , catches it then continues to twirl it ?	cat
17693	keyboard is behind the man playing congsa in a room .	what is behind the man playing congsa in a room ?	keyboard
17694	man is playing salsa in congas in a music room .	what is man playing in congas in a music room ?	salsa
17695	A girl is riding on a yellow riding lawn mower on a very large yard filled with green grass .	what is the color of the mower ?	yellow
17695	A girl is riding on a yellow riding lawn mower on a very large yard filled with green grass .	what is the color of the grass ?	green
17699	After washing and conditioning , product is applied and blow dried .	what is after washing and conditioning , applied and blow dried ?	product
17702	The truck starts driving and the man is pulled behind on the tow rope .	what starts driving and the man is pulled behind on the tow rope ?	truck
17705	The blue gates open and a little bull runs out and the guy on the horse chase it down .	what is the color of the open ?	blue
17706	the guy the tosses the rope and catch the bull around the neck while the or end of the rope is tied to the horse .	the guy the tosses what and catch the bull around the neck while the or end of the rope is tied to the horse ?	rope
17706	the guy the tosses the rope and catch the bull around the neck while the or end of the rope is tied to the horse .	the guy the tosses the rope and catch what around the neck ?	bull
17707	The guy then jumps off the horse , runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie the bulls legs together .	the guy then jumps off what , runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie the bulls legs together ?	horse
17707	The guy then jumps off the horse , runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie the bulls legs together .	the guy then jumps off the horse , runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie what together ?	legs
17708	the guy then gets back on his horse while two other guys free the bull from the rope tie and take it away .	the guy then gets back on his horse while how many other guys free the bull from the rope tie and take it away ?	two
17714	woman is standing in front of the camera in a white room playing with her hair .	what is the color of the room ?	white
17716	The two men shake hands .	how many men shake hands ?	two
17727	A female swimmer is standing on a diving board in a black swim suit and she jumps off doing multiple flips .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
17732	The person continues painting with text shown and blending in the paint .	where does the person continue painting with text shown and blending . ?	paint
17734	There 's a man drawing a white starting line on the ground for the race .	what is the color of the line ?	white
17742	little kid is standing in a pool poining out a yellow bucket in the water and other peolpe is sitting in benches around the pool .	what is the color of the bucket ?	yellow
17742	little kid is standing in a pool poining out a yellow bucket in the water and other peolpe is sitting in benches around the pool .	where is little kid standing poining out a yellow bucket in the water and other peolpe is sitting in benches around the pool . ?	pool
17746	A man is walking in a room .	where is the man walking . ?	room
17749	A man dressed in black plays a saxophone on a pool patio .	what is the color of the man ?	black
17751	The camera pans over to the keyboard player playing a Korg electric piano .	what pans over to the keyboard player playing a korg electric piano ?	camera
17753	We then see a pot .	what do we then see ?	pot
17754	We see spaghetti in a box .	where do we see spaghetti . ?	box
17755	We see salt in a cup .	where do we see salt . ?	cup
17758	She adds pasta to the water .	what does she add to the water ?	pasta
17759	We see the pasta box up close .	what do we see up close ?	box
17766	The man then unscrews a tire and lifts the car with a jack .	the man then unscrews what and lifts the car with a jack ?	tire
17766	The man then unscrews a tire and lifts the car with a jack .	the man then unscrews a tire and lifts what with a jack ?	car
17769	a bicycle is shown in a dark room .	what is shown in the dark room ?	bicycle
17769	a bicycle is shown in a dark room .	where is the bicycle shown . ?	room
17770	man is wearing motobike clothes and is riding a motorbike in a field .	man is wearing what and is riding a motorbike in a field ?	clothes
17773	Several swimmers are swimming in the pool .	where are several swimmers swimming . ?	pool
17776	Several cars go by as he continues raking .	what go by as he continues raking ?	cars
17782	The person gets a tray of white paint and paints a fence .	what is the color of the paint ?	white
17784	woman is sitting in a black jack table and is talking to men .	what is the color of the table ?	black
17786	man sits in a table and start playing black jack in a casino .	what is the color of the jack ?	black
17790	The man sharpens and then holds up a knife .	the man sharpens and then holds up what ?	knife
17794	We see a lady in a nurse shirt talking and two dogs in a kitchen .	where do we see a lady in a nurse shirt talking and two dogs . ?	kitchen
17798	We then see the dogs on the floor again .	what do we then see on the floor again ?	dogs
17802	They kick the ball back and forth while some people watch on the sidelines .	what do they kick back and forth ?	ball
17804	Players kick a ball and run the bases on a baseball field .	players kick what and run the bases on a baseball field ?	ball
17804	Players kick a ball and run the bases on a baseball field .	players kick a ball and run what on a baseball field ?	bases
17810	Two young girls are seen speaking to the camera and playing with one another .	how many young girls are seen speaking to the camera and playing with one another ?	two
17811	One girl then pulls out a bottle of nail polish while the other waves to the camera .	how many girl then pulls out the bottle of nail polish while the other waves to the camera ?	one
17812	More clips are shown of one girl attempting to paint the nails of the other and ends by waving to the camera .	what are shown of one girl attempting to paint the nails of the other and ends by waving to the camera ?	clips
17814	A little girl is applying makeup to her face .	what is the little girl applying to her face ?	makeup
17815	The mother does the girls makeup .	what does the mother do ?	makeup
17817	The girl grabs her toothbrush .	what does the girl grab ?	toothbrush
17822	A button is pushed on a machine .	what is pushed on the machine ?	button
17830	We see the boat driving as a person jet skis behind it .	what do we see driving as a person jet skis behind it ?	boat
17832	We see the boat from above again .	what do we see from above again ?	boat
17834	We see the skier ski and perform 4 flips .	how many flips do we see the skier ski and perform ?	four
17835	We see the skier ski .	what do we see ?	ski
17837	A person in the boat raises their hands in the air .	where does the person raise their hands in the air . ?	boat
17838	The man in black shirt is playing guitar in the studio .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
17838	The man in black shirt is playing guitar in the studio .	where is the man in black shirt playing guitar . ?	studio
17839	The man is strumming the guitar .	what is the man strumming ?	guitar
17841	An old man threw the yellow ball in the cup and it bounced back on the table .	what did an old man throw in the cup and it bounced back on the table ?	ball
17841	An old man threw the yellow ball in the cup and it bounced back on the table .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
17841	An old man threw the yellow ball in the cup and it bounced back on the table .	where did an old man throw the yellow ball and it bounced back on the table . ?	cup
17842	The old man in black shirt threw the ball and landed on the table .	the old man in black shirt threw what and landed on the table ?	ball
17842	The old man in black shirt threw the ball and landed on the table .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
17843	A man threw the ball back and the man in black shirt take the ball from the cup and threw it but landed outside the table .	what did the man throw back and the man in black shirt take the ball from the cup and threw it but landed outside the table ?	ball
17843	A man threw the ball back and the man in black shirt take the ball from the cup and threw it but landed outside the table .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
17845	She then faces the camera talking .	what does she then face talking ?	camera
17849	The man then stands and plays the violin .	what does the man then stand and plays ?	violin
17852	We see the people in the locker .	where do we see the people . ?	locker
17858	A man in a red apron is talking .	what is the color of the apron ?	red
17858	A man in a red apron is talking .	where is the man talking . ?	apron
17864	Two women in a child are shown in a canoe while a man pulls the canoe while standing in the water , with other individuals visible in the background .	how many women in a child are shown in a canoe while a man pulls the canoe while standing in the water , with other individuals visible in the background ?	two
17864	Two women in a child are shown in a canoe while a man pulls the canoe while standing in the water , with other individuals visible in the background .	where are two women in a child shown while a man pulls the canoe while standing in the water , with other individuals visible in the background . ?	canoe
17865	The child and a different man sit in a canoe while the man paddles .	where do the child and a different man sit while the man paddles . ?	canoe
17866	The camera pans to show the first man in the foreground .	what pans to show the first man in the foreground ?	camera
17867	The child and the first man are in a canoe while the first man paddles .	where are the child and the first man while the first man paddles . ?	canoe
17869	Two people are seen hosting a news segment that leads into clips of people scraping off their cars .	how many people are seen hosting the news segment that leads into clips of people scraping off their cars ?	two
17876	An Asian man walks to the balance beam and pulls the springboard away from the beam .	an asian man walks to the balance beam and pulls what away from the beam ?	springboard
17878	People in the crowd that is watching the gymnast enter the gym and find seats while others stand up and exit the gym .	people in the crowd that is watching the gymnast enter what and find seats while others stand up and exit the gym ?	gym
17878	People in the crowd that is watching the gymnast enter the gym and find seats while others stand up and exit the gym .	people in the crowd that is watching the gymnast enter the gym and find what and exit the gym ?	seats
17878	People in the crowd that is watching the gymnast enter the gym and find seats while others stand up and exit the gym .	people in the crowd that is watching the gymnast enter the gym and find seats and exit what ?	gym
17882	The female gymnast lands perfectly and throws her arms straight up in the air with a huge smile on her face Other gymnasts in the background watch and clap .	the female gymnast what perfectly and throws her arms straight up in the air with a huge smile on her face other gymnasts in the background watch and clap ?	lands
17894	The girl then applies black mascara to her eyelashes and some eyeshadow and lip gloss taking breaks after the applications to talk to the camera .	what does the girl then apply to her eyelashes and some eyeshadow and lip gloss taking breaks after the applications to talk to the camera ?	mascara
17894	The girl then applies black mascara to her eyelashes and some eyeshadow and lip gloss taking breaks after the applications to talk to the camera .	what is the color of the mascara ?	black
17899	A kite is shown high in the air .	what is shown high in the air ?	kite
17900	A man is holding the kite before letting it go .	what is the man holding before letting it go ?	kite
17904	After , the man picks up a yellow object and starts to tighten the spokes on the wheel and sealing the lifting the rubber up .	what is the color of the object ?	yellow
17907	Two women are standing inside a house .	how many women are standing inside the house ?	two
17908	They show off a canvas tile .	what do they show off ?	tile
17911	A fluffy dog is standing on a sidewalk with a child behind it .	what is standing on the sidewalk with a child behind it ?	dog
17912	The dog begins walking on the sidewalk and closely behind him a child is riding on a scooter as the dog walks .	what begins walking on the sidewalk and closely behind him a child is riding on a scooter as the dog walks ?	dog
17913	A sink is shown full of dirty dishes and leads into various products shown off .	what is shown full of dirty dishes and leads into various products shown off ?	sink
17914	A person then scrubs the dishes and begins putting some of them into a bucket .	the person then scrubs what and begins putting some of them into a bucket ?	dishes
17915	They wash the dishes continuously while stacking them in a rack off to the side .	what do they wash continuously while stacking them in a rack off to the side ?	dishes
17916	A Phillips three headed razor is shown and then un-boxed on a red table .	what is the color of the table ?	red
17917	Next , the razor is assembled and place on its charge to charge once it is plugged in .	next , what is assembled and place on its charge to charge once it is plugged in ?	razor
17918	Once fully charged , the man rinses the razors , applies shaving cream to this beard area and start to shave .	, the man rinses what , applies shaving cream to this beard area and start to shave ?	razors
17924	The Bali River tubing information is shown on the screen .	what is shown on the screen ?	information
17925	There 's a yellow and red tube shown with the name Bali River printed on it .	what does there 's shown with the name bali river printed on it ?	tube
17926	There are several people wearing protective helmets tubing in the river .	there are several people wearing what tubing in the river ?	helmets
17928	There are some tubers paddling through the water with their hands .	what are there paddling through the water with their hands ?	tubers
17930	The tubers continue tubing through the river .	what continue tubing through the river ?	tubers
17937	Two women hold hand and start rollerblading , while the girl in the red shirt learns how .	how many women hold hand and start rollerblading , while the girl in the red shirt learns how ?	two
17937	Two women hold hand and start rollerblading , while the girl in the red shirt learns how .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
17938	The girl in the red shirt falls and they all laugh .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
17939	A leaf blower is shown blowing a large pile of leaves across a green lawn in front of residential houses .	what is shown blowing the large pile of leaves across a green lawn in front of residential houses ?	blower
17939	A leaf blower is shown blowing a large pile of leaves across a green lawn in front of residential houses .	what is the color of the lawn ?	green
17940	The camera occasionally and finally settles on a yellow riding lawn mower sitting in the yard beyond the piles of leaves .	what occasionally and finally settles on the yellow riding lawn mower sitting in the yard beyond the piles of leaves ?	camera
17940	The camera occasionally and finally settles on a yellow riding lawn mower sitting in the yard beyond the piles of leaves .	what is the color of the mower ?	yellow
17941	We see a girl with purple hair talking to the camera .	what is the color of the hair ?	purple
17944	She holds 2 bottle to the camera .	how many bottle does she hold to the camera ?	two
17946	The girl adds products to her hair .	what does the girl add to her hair ?	products
17953	Next to him another boy was also shaking a cup , and then preparing to transfer the contents to a paper cup .	what was next to him another boy also shaking , and then preparing to transfer the contents to a paper cup ?	cup
17955	The camera cuts away to show four men playing a game of air hockey with the table game .	what cuts away to show four men playing a game of air hockey with the table game ?	camera
17955	The camera cuts away to show four men playing a game of air hockey with the table game .	how many men does the camera cut away to show playing a game of air hockey with the table game ?	four
17957	A group of people wearing white uniforms walk by in the background .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	white
17958	Two people walk by in the background .	how many people walk by in the background ?	two
17966	A man in a yellow shirt plays the saxophone .	what does the man in a yellow shirt play ?	saxophone
17966	A man in a yellow shirt plays the saxophone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
17968	He picks up his sticks and hits them together .	he picks up what and hits them together ?	sticks
17971	He gets up and moves the camera to show a lever he moves and then he taps on the top of a drum over and over .	he gets up and moves what and then he taps on the top of a drum over and over ?	camera
17976	Two men exercise inside a gym , then a man jumps rope crossing his arms and also the moving the rope on front .	how many men exercise inside the gym ?	two
17980	After , the young man moves the rope with the right hand , then he moves it with both hands and also moves the rope on front .	, then he moves it with both hands and also moves what on front ?	rope
17984	People stands on top of a diving board , the a man jumps in the swimming pool .	where does people stand on top of a diving board , the a man jumps . ?	pool
17994	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
17999	Two kids with extremly long hair are outside near a group of sheds .	how many kids with extremly long hair are outside near a group of sheds ?	two
18005	cards are in a stack and other person split it in two and put them in a transparent box .	where are cards in a stack and other person split it in two and put them . ?	box
18007	Ingredients are added , stirred , and then the mixture is put in the oven .	what are added , stirred , and then the mixture is put in the oven ?	ingredients
18007	Ingredients are added , stirred , and then the mixture is put in the oven .	where are ingredients added , stirred , and then the mixture is put . ?	oven
18008	There 's a woman in a black raincoat standing next to a wooden fence .	what is the color of the raincoat ?	black
18009	She is joined by a little girl wearing a polka dotted jacket who brings her some green paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	green
18011	There are several other people in the neighborhood who are seen volunteering to paint the fence with green paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	green
18013	There are two boys dressed in Batman costumes standing there .	how many boys are there dressed in batman costumes standing there ?	two
18017	Various mountain scenery is shown from different angles .	what is shown from different angles ?	scenery
18019	Various clips are shown of landscapes as well as people riding along on boats and a man speaking to the camera .	what are shown of landscapes as well as people riding along on boats and a man speaking to the camera ?	clips
18025	In between clips are shown of the men boxing .	what are in between shown of the men boxing ?	clips
18028	One woman falls in the water and many more climb across the monkey bars .	how many woman falls in the water and many more climb across the monkey bars ?	one
18029	A camera pans around a snowy area and leads into a man holding an accordion and beginning to play .	what pans around the snowy area and leads into a man holding an accordion and beginning to play ?	camera
18036	Two men are sitting in a room with four congos in front of them playing .	how many men are sitting in the room with four congos in front of them playing ?	two
18036	Two men are sitting in a room with four congos in front of them playing .	where are two men sitting . ?	room
18039	Two people are seen sitting on dirt bikes speaking to the camera with one shoveling dirt and the other riding along .	how many people are seen sitting on dirt bikes speaking to the camera with one shoveling dirt and the other riding along ?	two
18044	A woman in a jacket is washing clothes in a sink .	where is the woman in a jacket washing clothes . ?	sink
18045	She pours water into a blue bowl .	what is the color of the bowl ?	blue
18046	She puts clothes into the buckets of water that are in the sink .	what does she put into the buckets of water that are in the sink ?	clothes
18047	A white washing machine that is unplugged is shown .	what is the color of the machine ?	white
18048	The woman continues to wash the clothes in the sink .	where does the woman continue to wash the clothes . ?	sink
18050	She dips a pot into the bucket and dumps the water into the sink .	what did she dip into the bucket and dumps the water into the sink ?	pot
18051	A bull runs around a pen and tries to hit the clown with their horns .	what runs around the pen and tries to hit the clown with their horns ?	bull
18053	A clown is hiding behind a red barrel .	what is the clown hiding behind ?	barrel
18053	A clown is hiding behind a red barrel .	what is the color of the barrel ?	red
18057	We see a title on a dark gray screen , We see a boat on a lake from different angles .	what is the color of the screen ?	gray
18062	A girl grabs something form a cabinet then jumps in the water .	what form the cabinet then jumps in the water ?	grabs
18066	She mixes the ingredients together , then shakes them up before pouring into a glass filled with ice .	what does she mix together , then shakes them up before pouring into a glass filled with ice ?	ingredients
18067	Three men sit together on a couch .	how many men sit together on the couch ?	three
18070	He is sleeping in the chair .	where is he sleeping . ?	chair
18073	The man pulls a gun and points it at the other man .	the man pulls what and points it at the other man ?	gun
18074	He runs into another mans arms and they walk out the door .	what does he run into another mans arms and they walk out ?	door
18076	Then it shows a woman shaving a dog .	then it shows a woman shaving what ?	dog
18078	A girl in a black shirt is sitting down talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
18080	A lady holds a toothbrush as a child sits on a counter .	what does the lady hold ?	toothbrush
18087	A group is playing volleyball in a swimmming pool .	where is the group playing volleyball . ?	pool
18088	They bounce the ball back and forth over the net as a golden retriever joins it , hitting the ball with his nose .	they bounce what back and forth over the net as a golden retriever joins it , ?	ball
18093	The boy then moves up and down the court while dribbling the balls and shoots a basket off in the end .	the boy then moves up and down the court while dribbling the balls and shoots what off in the end ?	basket
18099	The camera pans to a close up of the woman in the kitchen chair who has had most of her hair cut off and now how a very short haircut .	what pans to the close up of the woman in the kitchen chair who has had most of her hair cut off and now how a very short haircut ?	camera
18100	The camera cuts again to the man who first appears in the film and a shot of a digital clock displaying the time .	what cuts again to the man who first appears in the film and a shot of a digital clock displaying the time ?	camera
18103	She holds up the clothes and continues to wash them as well as a man stepping into frame to help .	she holds up what and continues to wash them as well as a man stepping into frame to help ?	clothes
18107	A camera pans around a room with a freshly painted wall and a man painting the wall on a stool is seen .	what pans around the room with a freshly painted wall and a man painting the wall on a stool is seen ?	camera
18108	The camera pans over the skylight and finishes by looking behind the area .	what pans over the skylight and finishes by looking behind the area ?	camera
18111	The person flips the eggs .	what does the person flip ?	eggs
18113	The person flips the eggs with a spatula .	what does the person flip with a spatula ?	eggs
18114	The eggs are poured into a plate and salt and pepper are added .	what are poured into the plate and salt and pepper are added ?	eggs
18116	A dog urinates consistently , without stopping , and while walking on its forelegs only , down and around a paved sidewalk all while a person is walking them on a yellow leash .	what urinates consistently , without stopping , and while walking on its forelegs only , down and around a paved sidewalk all while a person is walking them on a yellow leash ?	dog
18116	A dog urinates consistently , without stopping , and while walking on its forelegs only , down and around a paved sidewalk all while a person is walking them on a yellow leash .	what is the color of the leash ?	yellow
18117	The dog begins urinating while walking on its forelegs only with the yellow leash following behind as an unseen person walks the dog from the background .	what begins urinating while walking on its forelegs only with the yellow leash following behind as an unseen person walks the dog from the background ?	dog
18117	The dog begins urinating while walking on its forelegs only with the yellow leash following behind as an unseen person walks the dog from the background .	what is the color of the leash ?	yellow
18118	The dog continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using three legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs .	what continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using three legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs ?	dog
18118	The dog continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using three legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs .	the dog continues , past what and grass , and finally starts using three legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs ?	sidewalk
18118	The dog continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using three legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs .	the dog continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using how many legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs ?	three
18119	A man secures a seated woman in a bungee harness while others stand by .	where does the man secure a seated woman while others stand by . ?	harness
18124	The woman bungees off the platform .	what does the woman bungees off ?	platform
18131	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
18133	She fries nuts on a pan and pours them on a plate while mixing more ingredients into a pan and pouring it over the nuts .	she fries what on a pan and pours them on a plate while mixing more ingredients into a pan and pouring it over the nuts ?	nuts
18136	a lot of people wearing red uniforms are walking and sitting around the court .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	red
18142	Two girls are seen holding a pose in the middle of a large gymnasium while others watch around them .	how many girls are seen holding the pose in the middle of a large gymnasium while others watch around them ?	two
18147	A woman is washing in a sink and shows a little bottle .	the woman is washing in a sink and shows what ?	bottle
18148	Then , the woman add several potatoes in a steaming pot .	where do then , the woman add several potatoes . ?	pot
18149	After , the woman put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily .	after , the woman put what in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily ?	potatoes
18149	After , the woman put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily .	after , the woman put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel what easily ?	potatoes
18151	There is a man using a hedging and trimming equipment trimming the bushes .	there is a man using what and trimming equipment trimming the bushes ?	hedging
18151	There is a man using a hedging and trimming equipment trimming the bushes .	there is a man using a hedging and trimming what ?	equipment
18153	The man climbs up a tall ladder to trim the trees and bushes several times .	what does the man climb up ?	ladder
18159	They are all riding bumper cars around a track .	what are they all riding around a track ?	cars
18164	A woman in a white dress belly dances outside near columns and trees .	what is the color of the belly ?	white
18167	A man uses a mallet to chip ice off of a car while it is snowing outside and a man videos him from behind .	what does the man use to chip ice off of a car and a man videos him from behind ?	mallet
18168	A man in a black winter coat and gloves uses a mallet to chip ice off of an ice covered car in the snow .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
18171	A man in dress shirt taps his cloth on the spout of a glass container to get it damp .	what did the man in dress shirt tap on the spout of a glass container ?	cloth
18173	The man rubs his cloth in a shoe polish tin for more of the substance .	what did the man rub in a shoe polish tin for more of the substance ?	cloth
18175	The man again rubs his cloth in the tin for more polish .	what did the man again rub in the tin for more polish ?	cloth
18177	Two girls are acting silly and throwing signs at a camera .	how many girls are acting silly and throwing signs at a camera ?	two
18183	Then he shreds a carrot , and moves the salad into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing .	then he shreds what , and moves the salad into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing ?	carrot
18183	Then he shreds a carrot , and moves the salad into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing .	then he shreds a carrot , and moves what into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing ?	salad
18184	A black screen appears with white words that read `` GoPro Hero3 + Black Making everyday tasks fun ` Mowing The Lawn ' Resolution : 1080p superwide .	what appears with white words that read `` gopro hero3 + black making everyday tasks fun ` mowing the lawn ' resolution : 1080p superwide ?	screen
18184	A black screen appears with white words that read `` GoPro Hero3 + Black Making everyday tasks fun ` Mowing The Lawn ' Resolution : 1080p superwide .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
18184	A black screen appears with white words that read `` GoPro Hero3 + Black Making everyday tasks fun ` Mowing The Lawn ' Resolution : 1080p superwide .	what is the color of the words ?	white
18186	The view change to the view of the lawn mower and the mower is moving along a yard filled with green grass .	what is the color of the grass ?	green
18191	A hand is showing a curved blade knife , and then he showed an ice pick with white paper at the end of it .	what is the hand showing , and then he showed an ice pick with white paper at the end of it ?	knife
18191	A hand is showing a curved blade knife , and then he showed an ice pick with white paper at the end of it .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
18192	The man threw the blade on the plywood , then he threw the ice pick .	what did the man throw on the plywood , then he threw the ice pick ?	blade
18193	An indoor barn is shown and a man is sitting on a horse .	what is shown and the man is sitting on a horse ?	barn
18195	The man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse .	the man throws what and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse ?	rope
18195	The man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse .	the man throws the rope and catches what , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse ?	calf
18195	The man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse .	the man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties what up and returns back on top of the horse ?	cow
18202	The two of them begin polishing a pair of boots together with a white cloth and a green brush .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
18202	The two of them begin polishing a pair of boots together with a white cloth and a green brush .	what is the color of the brush ?	green
18203	As they finish , the man in the green shirt is given a patch and a screen of tips come on the screen for properly caring for your boots .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
18209	A girl in a dress is crossing monkey bars .	what is the girl in a dress crossing ?	bars
18211	A boy in a blue shirt stands behind her .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
18214	After , the man wash the pot outside and inside .	what do after , the man wash outside and inside ?	pot
18226	The camera pans around the bus to show more people sitting and speaking .	what pans around the bus to show more people sitting and speaking ?	camera
18234	The screen fades away to black .	what fades away to black ?	screen
18234	The screen fades away to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
18241	Two people are on a boat getting ready to dive into the ocean .	how many people are on the boat getting ready to dive into the ocean ?	two
18243	They find a cockpit that they begin to observe and look around also running into a jelly fish .	what do they find ?	cockpit
18245	A girl in an orange shirt takes a drink of mouth wash .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
18254	Three people are seen walking out onto a large gymnasium floor and lead into the three performing a jump roping routine .	how many people are seen walking out onto the large gymnasium floor and lead into the three performing a jump roping routine ?	three
18259	Group play the bongos while a young woman dances .	what do group play ?	bongos
18268	The woman throws the paper towel in a designated waste bin .	where does the woman throw the paper towel . ?	bin
18269	The medical professional shuts off the water faucet using her elbow and also the paper towel .	what does the medical professional shut off using her elbow and also the paper towel ?	faucet
18272	A man is kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
18274	He lowers the bar and starts pulling the rope in the other direction .	he lowers what and starts pulling the rope in the other direction ?	bar
18275	A large paint ball arena is shown with a group of people standing off to the side .	what is shown with the group of people standing off to the side ?	arena
18278	There is a very tall and steep slide running through some trees in a large open ground .	what is there running through some trees in a large open ground ?	slide
18279	There is a rubber surface running lengthwise at the bottom end of the slide to protect people from getting hurt as they land down .	what is there running lengthwise at the bottom end of the slide to protect people from getting hurt as they land down ?	surface
18280	A young boy wearing black shorts and a shirt comes sliding down in full force .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
18284	Three men re waxing skis in a workshop and we see the man at the press conference .	how many men re waxing skis in a workshop ?	three
18284	Three men re waxing skis in a workshop and we see the man at the press conference .	where do three men re waxing skis and we see the man at the press conference . ?	workshop
18287	The man at the press conference and a men puts a mask on in the workshop and a machine sits in the field .	what does the man at the press conference and a men put on in the workshop and a machine sits in the field ?	mask
18287	The man at the press conference and a men puts a mask on in the workshop and a machine sits in the field .	what does the man at the press conference and a men put a mask on in the workshop and sits in the field ?	machine
18288	Two men pose holding rifles in the snow .	how many men pose holding rifles in the snow ?	two
18292	The lady sits the camera on the floor , and continues blow drying her hair .	the lady sits what on the floor , and continues blow drying her hair ?	camera
18293	The lady throws her hair back and picks up the phone .	the lady throws her hair back and picks up what ?	phone
18294	We see a sleeping lady in a hospital .	where do we see a sleeping lady . ?	hospital
18296	The camera moves to the top of the ladies head .	what moves to the top of the ladies head ?	camera
18297	The camera then moves to the front of the ladies face .	what then moves to the front of the ladies face ?	camera
18298	A man in shorts is in a gym .	where is the man in shorts . ?	gym
18305	Then he unscrews the base to level it out to his liking .	what does then he unscrew ?	base
18307	Then he adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place .	then he adjusts what again and makes sure they are firmly in place ?	bars
18308	Two men are in a room with three walls and a set of glass doors behind them hitting a ball back and fourth against the wall with tennis rackets .	how many men are in the room with three walls and a set of glass doors behind them hitting a ball back and fourth against the wall with tennis rackets ?	two
18309	As they continue , one boy falls to the ground and they have to start over .	how many boy do as they continue , falls to the ground ?	one
18318	A man in a blue outfit puts chalk on his hands .	what is the color of the outfit ?	blue
18319	A man in a yellow shirt is watching .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
18320	The man in the blue outfit picks up a large weight and lifts it over his head .	what is the color of the outfit ?	blue
18326	A man in yellow opens a beer .	what does the man in yellow open ?	beer
18327	A man in gray grabs the beer , adjusts his clothes then sits on the floor holding the beer .	what is the color of the grabs ?	gray
18328	The man puts one arm behind his back and adjusts himself to try and pick the bottle up with his mouth .	the man puts how many arm behind his back and adjusts himself to try and pick the bottle up with his mouth ?	one
18329	The man then quickly drinks and puts the bottle down .	the man then quickly drinks and puts what down ?	bottle
18330	We see a countdown clock .	what do we see countdown ?	clock
18332	The two continue to do tricks and the dog jumps on the mans back .	what do the two continue and jumps on the mans back ?	dog
18333	More Frisbee are thrown and the dog catches the Frisbee and the man hugs the dog .	what are thrown and the dog catches the frisbee and the man hugs the dog ?	frisbee
18333	More Frisbee are thrown and the dog catches the Frisbee and the man hugs the dog .	what are more frisbee thrown and catches the frisbee and the man hugs the dog ?	dog
18334	A little boy picks up a bowling ball .	what does the little boy pick up bowling ?	ball
18337	A man in plaid shirt hit the ball with stick , the ball scattered on the table .	what did the man in plaid shirt hit with stick , the ball scattered on the table ?	ball
18338	The man in gray sweater continue to play the billiard , making the balls shoot in the holes .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
18339	A hand is pushing a grass blower machine .	what is the hand pushing ?	machine
18340	The machine spit out dry leaves from a black pole .	what spit out dry leaves from a black pole ?	machine
18340	The machine spit out dry leaves from a black pole .	what is the color of the pole ?	black
18341	The machine turned in a curve towards the house .	what turned in the curve towards the house ?	machine
18352	One person hits it to the other and they hit the ball game .	what does one person hit it to the other and they hit ?	game
18352	One person hits it to the other and they hit the ball game .	how many person hits it to the other ?	one
18356	Then takes her hair down and runs lotion through her hair while still looking to the camera .	then takes her hair down and runs what through her hair while still looking to the camera ?	lotion
18361	The front of a yellow kayak is seen as the boat floats through turbulent white waters of a river .	what is the color of the kayak ?	yellow
18361	The front of a yellow kayak is seen as the boat floats through turbulent white waters of a river .	what is the color of the waters ?	white
18366	A man is inside a room in a house .	where is the man inside a room . ?	house
18367	He is using a racquet to hit a tennis ball back and forth against a wall .	what is he using ?	racquet
18370	He mixes ingredients with the lemons and shakes them up in another glass .	he mixes what with the lemons and shakes them up in another glass ?	ingredients
18371	He finishes the lemonade and presents it to the camera while also taking a sip .	he finishes what and presents it to the camera while also taking a sip ?	lemonade
18373	The camera pans into scenes of men stretching and watching followed by one running down the long jump and cheering to the crowd .	what pans into scenes of men stretching and watching followed by one running down the long jump and cheering to the crowd ?	camera
18376	The toddler rise the tail of the horse and wash the butt .	the toddler rise the tail of the horse and wash what ?	butt
18377	After , the toddler , grab a brush and scrub and wash the dog .	after , the toddler , grab a brush and scrub and wash what ?	dog
18378	The screen shows company sponsors for a winter club event .	what shows company sponsors for a winter club event ?	screen
18379	A blue convertible drives past the North shore Winter Club .	what drives past the north shore winter club ?	convertible
18379	A blue convertible drives past the North shore Winter Club .	what is the color of the convertible ?	blue
18382	The coach representing the Brasil team , wearing a green jersey is giving instructions to the players .	what is the color of the jersey ?	green
18388	there are two dogs now that are jumping the air catching freebies while doing tricks .	what are there now ?	dogs
18388	there are two dogs now that are jumping the air catching freebies while doing tricks .	how many dogs are there now that are jumping the air catching freebies while doing tricks ?	two
18389	Now there is one lady with one dog doing tricks and the dog catches the freebie as the lady toss it in the air .	what is now there one lady with one dog doing tricks and catches the freebie as the lady toss it in the air ?	dog
18389	Now there is one lady with one dog doing tricks and the dog catches the freebie as the lady toss it in the air .	how many lady is now there with one dog doing tricks ?	one
18400	She spits out some toothpaste .	what does she spit out ?	toothpaste
18401	Some of the toothpaste falls on her chin making it look like a white beard .	what is the color of the beard ?	white
18406	A logo appears then the word fencing .	what does the logo appear then ?	fencing
18411	Two kids are on the rocks together and they catch a dragonfly .	what are two kids on the rocks together and they catch ?	dragonfly
18411	Two kids are on the rocks together and they catch a dragonfly .	how many kids are on the rocks together ?	two
18413	First the man pushes a tire and he steps inside of it .	what does first the man push and he steps inside of it ?	tire
18420	A man is shown working in an outdoor garden .	where is the man shown working . ?	garden
18421	He is using tools as he works .	what is he using ?	tools
18425	the man plays the drums with his hands .	what does the man play with his hands ?	drums
18428	We see two men sitting and the first man is clapping his hands .	how many men do we see sitting ?	two
18429	We see the man playing the maracas as a lady dances nearby the man stops and the lady turns away .	we see the man playing what ?	maracas
18438	A man wearing a purple sweater is demonstrating how to use garden shears .	the man wearing what is demonstrating how to use garden shears ?	sweater
18438	A man wearing a purple sweater is demonstrating how to use garden shears .	what is the color of the sweater ?	purple
18447	A girl in a white dress is hitting a pinata with a bat .	what is the girl in a white dress hitting with a bat ?	pinata
18447	A girl in a white dress is hitting a pinata with a bat .	what is the color of the dress ?	white
18449	Two girls are standing by the house watching .	how many girls are standing by the house watching ?	two
18453	Two men are shown standing in a recording studio playing instruments .	how many men are shown standing in the recording studio playing instruments ?	two
18454	One is playing the guitar while the other plays the flute together .	what is one playing ?	guitar
18456	A man is buffing the floor with a blue buffer .	what is the man buffing with a blue buffer ?	floor
18456	A man is buffing the floor with a blue buffer .	what is the color of the buffer ?	blue
18459	Two men are seen sitting in a canoe in low motion and then tips the canoe a bit with a paddle .	how many men are seen sitting in the canoe in low motion and then tips the canoe a bit with a paddle ?	two
18461	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
18463	We see another title screen and watch the kids slide down slide and across their slip and slide .	we see what and watch the kids slide down slide and across their slip and slide ?	screen
18463	We see another title screen and watch the kids slide down slide and across their slip and slide .	we see another title screen and watch what down slide and across their slip and slide ?	slide
18465	two guys beginning a arm wrestling match , the guy in the back shirt wins the first match .	how many guys beginning a arm wrestling match , the guy in the back shirt wins the first match ?	two
18471	The men riding the horses are playing polo in the field .	the men riding what are playing polo in the field ?	horses
18472	The men are chasing the ball and hitting with mallet .	what are the men chasing and hitting with mallet ?	ball
18473	A player hit the ball and then ran after it , behind him are other players .	the player hit what and then ran after it , behind him are other players ?	ball
18476	The camera person sits down to continue talking to the woman .	what sits down to continue talking to the woman ?	person
18478	She puts the rest of the ice cream in the freezer and rinses the spoon .	she puts the rest of the ice cream in the freezer and rinses what ?	spoon
18479	We see a blue opening screen with a drink .	what do we see with a drink ?	screen
18479	We see a blue opening screen with a drink .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
18484	The lady stirs then pushes the drink forward .	what does the lady stir then pushes forward ?	drink
18485	We see a red closing screen and a long black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	red
18485	We see a red closing screen and a long black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
18488	A dog who is missing his front legs is walking across a lawn .	what is walking across a lawn ?	dog
18489	He is following the camera man , then breaks into a hopping run .	what is he following , then breaks into a hopping run ?	man
18494	A dog sniffs the feet of a man and a woman .	what sniffs the feet of a man and a woman ?	dog
18500	There are two men indoors and playing racquetball in an indoor court as they quickly hit the ball against the wall and take turns .	how many men are there indoors and playing racquetball in an indoor court as they quickly hit the ball against the wall and take turns ?	two
18501	One of the men wearing a green shirt looks angrily at the camera and throws the racquet at the camera .	what are one of the men wearing a green shirt looks angrily at the camera and throws at the camera ?	racquet
18501	One of the men wearing a green shirt looks angrily at the camera and throws the racquet at the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
18502	The camera person turns the camera to himself and he is running and laughing while looking in the camera .	what turns the camera to himself and he is running and laughing while looking in the camera ?	person
18502	The camera person turns the camera to himself and he is running and laughing while looking in the camera .	what does the camera person turn to himself and he is running and laughing while looking in the camera ?	camera
18503	Various ingredients are laid out on a counter and are all mixed together in a bowl .	what are laid out on the counter and are all mixed together in a bowl ?	ingredients
18510	He takes off , swimming as he tries to beat the two competitors on either side of him .	he takes off , swimming as he tries to beat how many competitors on either side of him ?	two
18522	A black screen appears with with white words reading , Winter Sedona , AZ. .	what appears with with white words reading , winter sedona , az. ?	screen
18522	A black screen appears with with white words reading , Winter Sedona , AZ. .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
18522	A black screen appears with with white words reading , Winter Sedona , AZ. .	what is the color of the reading ?	white
18523	A man begins walking through a field of trees and shrubs , wearing a yellow hat , cardigan , boots , and a bag .	what is the color of the hat ?	yellow
18525	The camera zooms in and he continues playing the recorder and various forms of the surrounding landscape is shown .	what zooms in and he continues playing the recorder and various forms of the surrounding landscape is shown ?	camera
18526	The camera moves in on two cars parked on the street facing one another .	what moves in on two cars parked on the street facing one another ?	camera
18528	Five people carrying skateboards are walking towards the light .	five people carrying what are walking towards the light ?	skateboards
18528	Five people carrying skateboards are walking towards the light .	how many people is carrying skateboards are walking towards the light ?	five
18532	He puts a towel through the case .	what does he put through the case ?	towel
18534	Two men are outside on the side of a bridge talking to each other as several people are walking by talking to them and shaking their hands .	how many men are outside on the side of a bridge talking to each other as several people are walking by talking to them and shaking their hands ?	two
18536	Finally , the man does a free fall off of the bridge and a orange ball is thrown to him .	what does finally , the man do a free fall off of the bridge and is thrown to him ?	ball
18536	Finally , the man does a free fall off of the bridge and a orange ball is thrown to him .	what is the color of the ball ?	orange
18537	A gymnast wearing red leotards is performing gymnastics on uneven bars in a large stadium with a several spectators .	the gymnast wearing what is performing gymnastics on uneven bars in a large stadium with a several spectators ?	leotards
18537	A gymnast wearing red leotards is performing gymnastics on uneven bars in a large stadium with a several spectators .	what is the color of the leotards ?	red
18539	After she 's done , she gets off the uneven bars and walks off as she gives a high five to her coach .	, she gets off what and walks off ?	bars
18540	Two women are seen speaking to the camera with one holding a cat in her lap .	how many women are seen speaking to the camera with one holding a cat in her lap ?	two
18547	Two people are talking to a camera outside .	how many people are talking to the camera outside ?	two
18548	A ballerina does several twirls on stage .	what does the ballerina do on stage ?	twirls
18549	A pumpkin is sitting on a counter .	what is sitting on the counter ?	pumpkin
18550	A knife is carving a face into the pumpkin .	what is carving the face into the pumpkin ?	knife
18551	The lights are turned off and the pumpkin is lit up .	what are the lights turned off and is lit up ?	pumpkin
18553	First the soap is applied then it is scraped away .	what is first applied then it is scraped away ?	soap
18555	A man mounts a pommel horse and starts spinning .	the man mounts what and starts spinning ?	horse
18562	A man , wearing a kilt and white t-shirt plays the bagpipes while standing outside of a shopping strip parking lot , as cars pass by .	what is the man , wearing plays the bagpipes while standing outside of a shopping strip parking lot , as cars pass by ?	t-shirt
18563	A man stands outside next to a yellow fire hydrant and plays the bagpipes as cars pass .	the man stands outside next to a yellow fire hydrant and plays what as cars pass ?	bagpipes
18563	A man stands outside next to a yellow fire hydrant and plays the bagpipes as cars pass .	what is the color of the hydrant ?	yellow
18565	The man continues to play bagpipes on the sidewalk until the scene fades to black .	what is the color of the scene ?	black
18566	One group of adults are in a raft , paddling through the water with big waves .	how many group of adults are in a raft , paddling through the water with big waves ?	one
18566	One group of adults are in a raft , paddling through the water with big waves .	where are one group of adults , paddling through the water with big waves . ?	raft
18567	The group hit each other 's paddle like a high five and then continue to paddle through the river .	the group hit what like a high five and then continue to paddle through the river ?	paddle
18573	More clips are shown of people speaking to the camera are shown as well as people celebrating and shooting more bows and dancing .	what are shown of people speaking to the camera are shown as well as people celebrating and shooting more bows and dancing ?	clips
18576	The person then pushes the lawn mower all around the house .	what does the person then push all around the house ?	mower
18583	The two men hug at the end .	how many men hug at the end ?	two
18584	Various still shot pictures of different men , different ages , different races and different sizes appear with white text names appearing over each of their faces .	what is the color of the names ?	white
18585	A blue screen then appears and white text words appear and say `` WAIT !! SO WHAT IS WATER POLO ?? '' .	what then appears and white text words appear and say `` wait !! so what is water polo ?? '' ?	screen
18585	A blue screen then appears and white text words appear and say `` WAIT !! SO WHAT IS WATER POLO ?? '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
18585	A blue screen then appears and white text words appear and say `` WAIT !! SO WHAT IS WATER POLO ?? '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
18591	Afterwards he adds more soap using two different bottles to the sink .	what does afterwards he add ?	soap
18591	Afterwards he adds more soap using two different bottles to the sink .	how many different bottles does afterwards he add more soap using to the sink ?	two
18593	A cat is shown close up with a person 's hand cutting the nails on the cat .	what is shown close up with the person 's hand cutting the nails on the cat ?	cat
18595	A lady stands in a dance studio .	where does the lady stand . ?	studio
18615	The camera zooms in on the trumpet player .	what zooms in on the trumpet player ?	camera
18622	Another man is in frame also holding a tennis racket and hitting a ball around .	where is another man also holding a tennis racket and hitting a ball around . ?	frame
18624	Several NHL players are playing a hockey game in a hockey stadium .	where are several nhl players playing a hockey game . ?	stadium
18627	The top ten hockey melt downs are then shown .	what are hockey then shown ?	downs
18627	The top ten hockey melt downs are then shown .	how many hockey melt downs are then shown ?	ten
18628	A man trims a large hedge with a pole trimmer .	what does the man trim with a pole trimmer ?	hedge
18638	The camera shakes on an image of an indoor volleyball court .	what shakes on an image of an indoor volleyball court ?	camera
18640	A fellow team member also hits the ball and sends it across the net .	the fellow team member also hits what and sends it across the net ?	ball
18641	The man then runs a device over the sky that looks like an iron , and continues to sand it , clear it off , scrape it , and use the ironing device again .	the man then runs what over the sky that looks like an iron , and continues to sand it , clear it off , scrape it , and use the ironing device again ?	device
18642	The man then removes the tape and turns the ski onto it 's side to scrape at it .	the man then removes what and turns the ski onto it 's side to scrape at it ?	tape
18642	The man then removes the tape and turns the ski onto it 's side to scrape at it .	the man then removes the tape and turns what onto it 's side to scrape at it ?	ski
18643	When he 's finished he grabs the ski and puts it into a compartment that is located above the green machine .	he grabs what and puts it into a compartment that is located above the green machine ?	ski
18643	When he 's finished he grabs the ski and puts it into a compartment that is located above the green machine .	what is the color of the machine ?	green
18646	The man loses his skateboard and comes down the wall on his knees .	the man loses what and comes down the wall on his knees ?	skateboard
18651	After numerous and quick swings and spins the man lets the rope go and the ball goes flying .	what does after numerous and quick swings and spins the man let and goes flying ?	ball
18652	A person wash the dishes using a brush in a sink .	where do the person wash the dishes using a brush . ?	sink
18653	Then , the person wash the utensils while cleaning with the brush .	what do then , the person wash while cleaning with the brush ?	utensils
18655	A young woman with a black dress and red cardigan on is standing in the corner of a kitchen cutting fruits .	what is the color of the dress ?	black
18655	A young woman with a black dress and red cardigan on is standing in the corner of a kitchen cutting fruits .	what is the color of the cardigan ?	red
18656	After awhile , she grabs six strawberries and leaves them on the cutting board as she begins to cut grapes .	after awhile , she grabs what and leaves them on the cutting board ?	strawberries
18656	After awhile , she grabs six strawberries and leaves them on the cutting board as she begins to cut grapes .	after awhile , she grabs how many strawberries and leaves them on the cutting board as she begins to cut grapes ?	six
18657	In front of her , there are two large white bowls full of fruit and she begins putting the cut up fruit in those bowls .	how many large white bowls are there full of fruit ?	two
18657	In front of her , there are two large white bowls full of fruit and she begins putting the cut up fruit in those bowls .	what is the color of the bowls ?	white
18658	The camera then moves and the person zooms in on the contents of the fruit bowls , showing pineapples , strawberries and grapes .	what then moves and the person zooms in on the contents of the fruit bowls , showing pineapples , strawberries and grapes ?	camera
18667	She twirls and throws the baton while a small crowd watches .	what does she twirl and throws ?	baton
18669	In the snow , various young men perform snowboard tricks before the camera .	what do in the snow , various young men perform before the camera ?	tricks
18670	A man in a blue sweatshirt jumps down a staircase .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	blue
18671	A young man in a black outfit performs a double trick by grinding down one railing and jumping down a staircase .	what is the color of the outfit ?	black
18672	A man in a purple sweatshirt grinds down a staircase railing .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	purple
18674	The man in the blue sweatshirt grinds down a railing and lands stylishly on the floor .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	blue
18678	The gymnast does a parallel bar routine .	what does the gymnast do ?	routine
18682	The man is painting the fence with brown paint , then painting the table .	what is the man painting with brown paint , then painting the table ?	fence
18682	The man is painting the fence with brown paint , then painting the table .	what is the color of the paint ?	brown
18683	The man mixed the paint and then began painting the wooden table , then he clean up the floor and brush it .	the man mixed what and then began painting the wooden table , then he clean up the floor and brush it ?	paint
18683	The man mixed the paint and then began painting the wooden table , then he clean up the floor and brush it .	the man mixed the paint and then began , then he clean up what and brush it ?	floor
18686	We see an opening screen with a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
18697	A young boy laughs while holding two toothbrushes .	the young boy laughs while holding how many toothbrushes ?	two
18701	A man pulls a camel with two people in the desert .	what does the man pull with two people in the desert ?	camel
18702	Two women are close to the camels .	how many women are close to the camels ?	two
18703	A car pass behind the camels .	what pass behind the camels ?	car
18707	Two men quickly dismantle a red chimney .	two men quickly dismantle what ?	chimney
18707	Two men quickly dismantle a red chimney .	how many men quickly dismantle the red chimney ?	two
18707	Two men quickly dismantle a red chimney .	what is the color of the chimney ?	red
18708	One man puts wood over the gaping hole .	how many man puts wood over the gaping hole ?	one
18712	The person chops the fruit again and cuts off the chopped bit .	the person chops what again and cuts off the chopped bit ?	fruit
18717	The boy holding the stick performs a martial arts routine in front of the people and ends with a pose while everyone around him claps .	the boy holding what performs a martial arts routine in front of the people and ends with a pose while everyone around him claps ?	stick
18719	One man is then seen stepping up on a platform and jumping off the side .	how many man is then seen stepping up on the platform and jumping off the side ?	one
18723	We see a woman dressed in red standing in a room of a house .	what is the color of the woman ?	red
18725	She picks up some furniture polish , and applies it to the wood , polishing it with a sock she has put over her hand .	she picks up what , and applies it to the wood , polishing it with a sock she has put over her hand ?	polish
18727	Three men are playing paper , scissor , stick and stone while creatures with different colors are watching them with shock .	how many men are playing paper , scissor , stick and stone while creatures with different colors are watching them with shock ?	three
18728	One character won by using scissor , he then talked to the people around him .	how many character won by using scissor ?	one
18733	A young gymnast in a blue outfit stands in front of a balance beam , jumps on it and begins to perform a routine involving flips .	what is the color of the outfit ?	blue
18734	A woman in pink dress is clipping the right paw of a white cat who is sitting on her lap .	what is the color of the cat ?	white
18735	She took the left paw to clip , the cat looked up and the woman looked down and gave her a quick kiss on the head .	what did she take , the cat looked up and the woman looked down and gave her a quick kiss on the head ?	paw
18735	She took the left paw to clip , the cat looked up and the woman looked down and gave her a quick kiss on the head .	what did she take the left paw , looked up and the woman looked down and gave her a quick kiss on the head ?	cat
18736	The cat looked up while the woman is clipping the right back paw of the cat .	what looked up while the woman is clipping the right back paw of the cat ?	cat
18737	While the woman is clipping the left back paw , the cat was blinking to the camera .	what was , blinking to the camera ?	cat
18738	Two men are seen standing in a room and speaking to the camera while holding rackets .	how many men are seen standing in the room and speaking to the camera while holding rackets ?	two
18738	Two men are seen standing in a room and speaking to the camera while holding rackets .	where are two men seen standing and speaking to the camera while holding rackets . ?	room
18739	The two then continuously hit the ball around the closed area back and fourth and point to the camera with a racket and run around .	the two then continuously hit what around the closed area back and fourth and point to the camera with a racket and run around ?	ball
18741	One couple is walking a pit bull on a leash .	what is one couple walking on a leash ?	bull
18741	One couple is walking a pit bull on a leash .	how many couple is walking the pit bull on a leash ?	one
18748	The birds are flying over the water again .	what are flying over the water again ?	birds
18749	A large flag is flowing in the wind .	what is flowing in the wind ?	flag
18751	Two men engage in martial arts kick boxing , kicking and swinging and flipping .	how many men engage in martial arts kick boxing , kicking and swinging and flipping ?	two
18759	The man 's skateboard gets away from him .	what gets away from him ?	skateboard
18762	An older gentleman in a blue shirt is painting a wooden fence .	what is an older gentleman in a blue shirt painting ?	fence
18762	An older gentleman in a blue shirt is painting a wooden fence .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
18763	He picks up the paint bucket and walks up the sidewalk .	he picks up what and walks up the sidewalk ?	bucket
18763	He picks up the paint bucket and walks up the sidewalk .	he picks up the paint bucket and walks up what ?	sidewalk
18766	The camera man holds the camera close to his face and zooms in on a man sitting and smoking .	what holds the camera close to his face and zooms in on a man sitting and smoking ?	man
18766	The camera man holds the camera close to his face and zooms in on a man sitting and smoking .	what does the camera man hold close to his face and zooms in on a man sitting and smoking ?	camera
18771	The girl rides the horse alone , then with other people down trails .	what did the girl rid alone , then with other people down trails ?	horse
18772	A person holding a cat straightens the cat 's paw .	the person holding what straightens the cat 's paw ?	cat
18772	A person holding a cat straightens the cat 's paw .	what is the person holding a cat straightens paw ?	cat
18772	A person holding a cat straightens the cat 's paw .	what is the person holding a cat straightens ?	paw
18773	The person cuts the cat 's claws with a scissor shape clipper .	what does the person cut claws with a scissor shape clipper ?	cat
18773	The person cuts the cat 's claws with a scissor shape clipper .	what does the person cut with a scissor shape clipper ?	claws
18774	The cat attacks the the cutter .	what attacks the the cutter ?	cat
18776	A boat is in the water .	what is in the water ?	boat
18778	Two people are shown and then several boats are advertised .	what are two people shown and then are advertised ?	boats
18778	Two people are shown and then several boats are advertised .	how many people are shown ?	two
18779	After , the two people in the water surfing over large huge waves together .	how many people did after , in the water surf over large huge waves together ?	two
18782	The man misses the pinata and hits a person behind him , shown again in slow motion .	the man misses what and hits a person behind him , shown again in slow motion ?	pinata
18785	Two men stand behind cameras filming him .	how many men stand behind cameras filming him ?	two
18788	As they are going , a chair sits in front of them to serve as the marker and a man walks back and forth watching them go .	what does , sit in front of them to serve as the marker and a man walks back and forth watching them go ?	chair
18789	A man is standing and walking in the gym .	where is the man standing and walking . ?	gym
18804	The screen shows all the final wins and loses in the girls varsity water polo .	what shows all the final wins and loses in the girls varsity water polo ?	screen
18805	A shirtless man is playing bongo drums in front of a microphone .	what is the shirtless man playing in front of a microphone ?	drums
18807	To his right is a green bag and a hat situated on a table .	what is the color of the bag ?	green
18812	Two young boys perform martial arts dances .	how many young boys perform martial arts dances ?	two
18817	The girl is ready to kick a red ball rolled on the ground .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
18818	The young woman wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt runs and kicks the ball .	what is the young woman wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt runs and kicks ?	ball
18818	The young woman wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt runs and kicks the ball .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
18821	A man catch a fish from a hole in the ice .	what do the man catch from a hole in the ice ?	fish
18822	Then , the man holds the fish that moves on the ice .	what does then , the man hold ?	fish
18823	After , the man put a metal rod on the mouth of the fish .	what did after , the man put on the mouth of the fish ?	rod
18828	A young man puts in a pan oil , onions , tomatoes , green leaves and salt , then mix to cook the vegetables .	what is the color of the leaves ?	green
18829	After , the man puts aside the vegetables , and cooks an omelette in the pan .	after , the man puts aside what , and cooks an omelette in the pan ?	vegetables
18829	After , the man puts aside the vegetables , and cooks an omelette in the pan .	after , the man puts aside the vegetables , and cooks what in the pan ?	omelette
18830	After , the man puts the vegetables over the omelette and folds it , then he serves the omelette .	what does , then he serve ?	omelette
18832	He finishes the cube and sets it on the desk and quickly stops a timer .	he finishes what and sets it on the desk and quickly stops a timer ?	cube
18832	He finishes the cube and sets it on the desk and quickly stops a timer .	he finishes the cube and sets it on the desk and quickly stops what ?	timer
18833	He grabs the cube again and begins to complete it .	he grabs what again and begins to complete it ?	cube
18839	the camera turns to show the people that are enjoying the music .	what turns to show the people that are enjoying the music ?	camera
18843	He streaks the window with cleaner and shows several methods on how to use a wiper properly .	he streaks what with cleaner and shows several methods on how to use a wiper properly ?	window
18844	The window is all clean in the end and he is still seen talking to the camera .	what is all clean in the end and he is still seen talking to the camera ?	window
18845	Several canoes are sen laid out that leads into shots of people riding in the canoes .	what are sen laid out that leads into shots of people riding in the canoes ?	canoes
18848	A man in gear is shown pointing two guns .	how many guns is the man in gear shown pointing ?	two
18852	The guys play beach soccer .	what do the guys play ?	soccer
18854	A player juggles two soccer balls .	what does the player juggle ?	balls
18854	A player juggles two soccer balls .	how many soccer balls does the player juggle ?	two
18855	A girl in a yellow shirt is eating an ice cream cone .	what is the girl in a yellow shirt eating ?	cone
18855	A girl in a yellow shirt is eating an ice cream cone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
18858	A guy spins a ball attached to a rope .	what does the guy spin attached to a rope ?	ball
18860	The guy spins the ball attached to a rope and falls to the ground .	the guy spins what attached to a rope and falls to the ground ?	ball
18861	A man in white shirt and white lifevest is sitting in a single orange raft .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
18861	A man in white shirt and white lifevest is sitting in a single orange raft .	what is the color of the lifevest ?	white
18861	A man in white shirt and white lifevest is sitting in a single orange raft .	what is the color of the raft ?	orange
18861	A man in white shirt and white lifevest is sitting in a single orange raft .	where is the man in white shirt and white lifevest sitting . ?	raft
18862	The man in a raft is going against the water waves , he paddles and the raft is turning in circle .	what is the man in a raft going against the water waves , he paddles and is turning in circle ?	raft
18862	The man in a raft is going against the water waves , he paddles and the raft is turning in circle .	where is the man going against the water waves , he paddles and the raft is turning in circle . ?	raft
18863	An empty room is shown with yellow tile .	what is shown with yellow tile ?	room
18863	An empty room is shown with yellow tile .	what is the color of the tile ?	yellow
18864	A man in a white shirt is painting a wall .	what is the man in a white shirt painting ?	wall
18864	A man in a white shirt is painting a wall .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
18872	We then see the ending screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
18873	A man is talking in a green room .	what is the color of the room ?	green
18873	A man is talking in a green room .	where is the man talking . ?	room
18874	Two people are seen playing a fooseball table and cheering with one another .	how many people are seen playing the fooseball table and cheering with one another ?	two
18876	A green paint brush holder is shown .	what is the color of the holder ?	green
18880	There is a model airplane sitting on the table .	what is there sitting on the table ?	airplane
18881	The airplane is being painted a gold color .	what is being painted the gold color ?	airplane
18882	A green paint brush is being shown and turned around .	what is being shown and turned around ?	brush
18882	A green paint brush is being shown and turned around .	what is the color of the brush ?	green
18883	A curling stone slides down the ice .	what slides down the ice ?	stone
18884	The blue team discuss their strategy .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
18885	The white team high five each other .	what is the color of the team ?	white
18886	The blue team discuss while a member points .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
18887	A blue team player takes his turn and curls his stone into the center .	the blue team player takes his turn and curls what into the center ?	stone
18887	A blue team player takes his turn and curls his stone into the center .	what is the color of the player ?	blue
18888	The blue team comes and hugs the player as they celebrate .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
18891	The person cuts a hole in the ice as well as bait and finally catches a fish .	the person cuts a hole in the ice as well as bait and finally catches what ?	fish
18892	The man cuts the fish , cooks it , and is then seen eating it and walking away .	the man cuts what , cooks it , and is then seen eating it and walking away ?	fish
18893	A lady is washing a small dog in a sink .	where is the lady washing a small dog . ?	sink
18895	The lady picks the dog up again .	what does the lady pick up again ?	dog
18898	She then picks up the dog .	what does she then pick up ?	dog
18901	Two teams play a game of indoor field hockey .	how many teams play the game of indoor field hockey ?	two
18905	A computer graphics sequence shows one particular device 's functionality .	what shows one particular device 's functionality ?	sequence
18905	A computer graphics sequence shows one particular device 's functionality .	the computer graphics sequence shows how many particular device 's functionality ?	one
18907	The curling product is once again demonstrated by several women .	what is once again demonstrated by several women ?	product
18908	One woman 's before and after pictures are shown .	how many woman 's before and after pictures are shown ?	one
18909	A woman is brushing her teeth in a bathroom .	where is the woman brushing her teeth . ?	bathroom
18911	She spits the toothpaste out into the sink in front of her .	what does she spit out into the sink in front of her ?	toothpaste
18912	An advertising screen appears momentarily as the video begins .	what appears momentarily as the video begins ?	screen
18913	A group of men are shown kicking a ball back and forth in a stadium .	where are the group of men shown kicking a ball . ?	stadium
18915	A yellow circle is shown around a particular player .	what is shown around the particular player ?	circle
18915	A yellow circle is shown around a particular player .	what is the color of the circle ?	yellow
18917	A man is seen sitting in a boat and the camera continues panning around the area .	what is the man seen and continues panning around the area ?	camera
18917	A man is seen sitting in a boat and the camera continues panning around the area .	where is the man seen sitting and the camera continues panning around the area . ?	boat
18919	The water becomes more furious and the kids splash the camera man playfully .	what does the water become more furious and the kids splash playfully ?	man
18922	The people continue playing with one another and throw the ball around .	the people continue and throw what around ?	ball
18923	A man and woman are talking in a room .	where are the man and woman talking . ?	room
18924	A person is riding a bike down the street .	what is the person riding down the street ?	bicycle
18926	The man and woman are talking in a room .	where are the man and woman talking . ?	room
18927	A bike is leaning against a fence .	what is leaning against the fence ?	bicycle
18928	A man puts a lock around the tire of his bike .	what does the man put around the tire of his bike ?	lock
18931	They pauses for a few moments to speak to one another and the camera captures the shooters from different angles .	what does they pause for a few moments and captures the shooters from different angles ?	camera
18931	They pauses for a few moments to speak to one another and the camera captures the shooters from different angles .	what does they pause for a few moments and the camera captures from different angles ?	shooters
18940	Two teams are shown on a field and the man is running playing lacrosse and runs directly into the other opponent .	how many teams are shown on the field ?	two
18943	Two people wearing scuba gear are underwater .	two people wearing what are underwater ?	gear
18943	Two people wearing scuba gear are underwater .	how many people is wearing scuba gear are underwater ?	two
18944	They look at each other , remove their mouth pieces , then kiss .	they look at each other , remove what , then kiss ?	pieces
18945	The man places his mouth piece back in .	what does the man place back in ?	piece
18946	A person jumps off a boat into the water .	what does the person jump off into the water ?	boat
18953	She uses a towel to dry her face .	what does she use ?	towel
18959	A person is seen sitting in a kayak and moving himself down a rough river .	where is the person seen sitting and moving himself down a rough river . ?	kayak
18961	A man in a black shirt is playing a harmonica .	what is the man in a black shirt playing ?	harmonica
18961	A man in a black shirt is playing a harmonica .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
18963	A woman in a white scarf turns a lantern off .	what does the woman in a white scarf turn off ?	lantern
18963	A woman in a white scarf turns a lantern off .	what is the color of the scarf ?	white
18979	Inside the warehouse we see a box the men ride their skateboards over .	what do inside the warehouse we see ?	box
18981	He flips the skateboard , and we see it in slow motion .	what does he flip , and we see it in slow motion ?	skateboard
18982	The man gets a hat , and we see the end screen .	what does the man get , and we see the end screen ?	hat
18982	The man gets a hat , and we see the end screen .	what does the man get a hat , and we see ?	screen
18983	A man jumps on a pile of boxes and we see the end screen again .	what does the man jump on a pile of boxes and we see again ?	screen
18986	Betty Heidler starts spinning and then with all the momentum tossed the hammer really far away .	what does betty heidler start and then with all the momentum tossed really far away ?	hammer
18990	A man folds a fitness machine in a gym .	where does the man fold a fitness machine . ?	gym
18991	Then , a man make workouts in a fitness machine .	where do then , the man make workouts . ?	machine
18992	A woman in blue shirt is chopping the wood , when she chopped the wood in half , she put them aside then she take another log and chopped it in half .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
19000	Two canoes are tied together .	what are tied together ?	canoes
19000	Two canoes are tied together .	how many canoes are tied together ?	two
19002	The river is lined with many trees .	what is lined with many trees ?	river
19003	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19006	One man high fives a child held up by a lady behind them .	how many man high fives the child held up by a lady behind them ?	one
19007	We see a closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
19008	A woman in white karate uniform does a demonstration of a routine on the mat for judges during event .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
19009	The woman bows and walks off the mat .	the woman bows and walks off what ?	mat
19010	A woman in black uniform shakes hands with judges .	what is the color of the uniform ?	black
19011	A woman in white uniform walks up and greets judges shaking their hands .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
19012	A man sporting a beard and mustache and wearing a white shirt is giving a tutorial on volleyball safety .	the man sporting a beard and mustache and wearing what is giving a tutorial on volleyball safety ?	shirt
19012	A man sporting a beard and mustache and wearing a white shirt is giving a tutorial on volleyball safety .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
19013	He then wears a black sweatshirt and demonstrates how to do stretching exercises .	he then wears what and demonstrates how to do stretching exercises ?	sweatshirt
19013	He then wears a black sweatshirt and demonstrates how to do stretching exercises .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	black
19018	The ball enters and everyone runs towards the ball .	what enters and everyone runs towards the ball ?	ball
19019	A man on the right kicks the ball into the goal .	what does the man on the right kick into the goal ?	ball
19024	A car is stopped at a red light and there 's a view of a small town that has some snow on the ground .	what is stopped at the red light and there 's a view of a small town that has some snow on the ground ?	car
19024	A car is stopped at a red light and there 's a view of a small town that has some snow on the ground .	what is the color of the light ?	red
19026	On the right side there 's someone shoveling ice from the road and the car passes him .	what does on the right side there 's someone shoveling ice from the road and passes him ?	car
19033	Two teams are on either side of a field .	how many teams are on either side of a field ?	two
19034	They are holding a rope , getting ready to pull .	what are they holding , ?	rope
19035	The two teams begin pulling , trying to win the competition as a crowd watches .	how many teams begin pulling , trying to win the competition as a crowd watches ?	two
19036	The yellow group begin to be pulled forward against their will .	what is the color of the group ?	yellow
19047	A man is spreading mulch around plants .	what is the man spreading around plants ?	mulch
19052	back to the studio are three commentators talking .	how many commentators is back to the studio are talking ?	three
19055	The man peels and cuts potatoes before throwing them into a yellow pot .	what does the man peel and cuts before throwing them into a yellow pot ?	potatoes
19055	The man peels and cuts potatoes before throwing them into a yellow pot .	what is the color of the pot ?	yellow
19056	The man throws in three handfuls of salt into the yellow pot .	what is the color of the pot ?	yellow
19057	The man cuts up some garlic .	what does the man cut up ?	garlic
19058	Into the pot , the man throws the garlic along with two leaves .	what does into the pot , the man throw along with two leaves ?	garlic
19060	The woman throws the butter into a saucepan .	what does the woman throw into a saucepan ?	butter
19062	The man places the yellow pot and the saucepan on the stove .	what is the color of the pot ?	yellow
19063	The man grabs the pot 's lid and covers the pot .	the man grabs what lid and covers the pot ?	pot
19063	The man grabs the pot 's lid and covers the pot .	the man grabs the pot 's lid and covers what ?	pot
19064	Back at the table , the man removes the lid from the pot and removes the leaves .	back at the table , the man removes the lid from the pot and removes what ?	leaves
19065	The man mashes the potatoes .	what does the man mash ?	potatoes
19070	The man grabs some pepper and throws it onto the potatoes .	the man grabs what and throws it onto the potatoes ?	pepper
19071	The man adds some more milk .	what does the man add ?	milk
19074	The finished mashed potatoes dish is left on a counter .	what is left on the counter ?	dish
19077	Two men are crouched beside a car , and a third stands .	how many men are crouched beside the car , and a third stands ?	two
19079	The two men change the tire , putting on a spare .	what do the two men change , ?	tire
19079	The two men change the tire , putting on a spare .	how many men change the tire , putting on a spare ?	two
19080	A woman carry a heavy ball and stands on a circle .	the woman carry what and stands on a circle ?	ball
19083	the kids are on the swing while one kid stand and push a little dog on the swing .	the kids are on the swing while how many kid stand and push a little dog on the swing ?	one
19084	three bikers are riding there bike in the parking lot passing the swing area .	how many bikers are riding there bike in the parking lot passing the swing area ?	three
19086	Two young males are sitting at a desk behind two microphones and two computers .	how many young males are sitting at the desk behind two microphones and two computers ?	two
19090	A man dressed in black walks through a long hall in a palace .	what is the color of the man ?	black
19091	Two men in dressed in white practice stretching and prepare for a fencing match while a coach dressed in black looks on with a butler in the rear stands by .	how many men in dressed in white practice stretching and prepare for a fencing match while a coach dressed in black looks on with a butler in the rear stands by ?	two
19091	Two men in dressed in white practice stretching and prepare for a fencing match while a coach dressed in black looks on with a butler in the rear stands by .	what is the color of the practice ?	white
19091	Two men in dressed in white practice stretching and prepare for a fencing match while a coach dressed in black looks on with a butler in the rear stands by .	what is the color of the looks ?	black
19092	The two men dressed in white put on their fencing masks and begin a fencing match .	how many men dressed in white put on their fencing masks and begin a fencing match ?	two
19092	The two men dressed in white put on their fencing masks and begin a fencing match .	what is the color of the put ?	white
19093	The coach dressed in black begins critiquing the two fencers and holds the tips of the swords in his hand .	the coach dressed in black begins critiquing how many fencers and holds the tips of the swords in his hand ?	two
19093	The coach dressed in black begins critiquing the two fencers and holds the tips of the swords in his hand .	what is the color of the coach ?	black
19103	They are coordinating their steps and synchronizing their moves as they step on and off of the platform .	what are they coordinating and synchronizing their moves as they step on and off of the platform ?	steps
19105	After they 're done , they stop and raise remove the platforms .	, they stop and raise remove what ?	platforms
19106	An d for About dot com starts with a man in white speaking to the camera in front of a white background .	what is the color of the speaking ?	white
19106	An d for About dot com starts with a man in white speaking to the camera in front of a white background .	what is the color of the background ?	white
19108	A shot of a cyclist is shown and then it cuts back to the same man in white speaking .	what is the color of the speaking ?	white
19110	A man with a blue shirt is outside walking up a stair case into a building .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
19111	As he walks in , he walks down a row of several bicycles and sets up a camera .	, he walks down a row of several bicycles and sets up what ?	camera
19114	The bikes are finally finished and the man lifts it up to the camera and begins riding it down the sidewalk .	what are finally finished and the man lifts it up to the camera and begins riding it down the sidewalk ?	bicycles
19116	She grabs a baton and starts twirling it around .	she grabs what and starts twirling it around ?	baton
19121	The man riding the camel smiles and waves to the camera .	the man riding what smiles and waves to the camera ?	camel
19125	A group of people ice fish on an ice covered lake on an overcast day .	what did the group of people ice fish on an ice cover on an overcast day ?	lake
19126	A man walks on a snow covered lake and pulls a fish out of a fishing hole .	the man walks on a snow covered lake and pulls what out of a fishing hole ?	fish
19127	A woman and a man then run on the ice and pull another fish out of another hole in the lake .	the woman and a man then run on the ice and pull what out of another hole in the lake ?	fish
19128	A third fish is pulled out of another hole in the ice and then thrown back into the hole .	what is pulled out of another hole in the ice and then thrown back into the hole ?	fish
19130	He is playing an instrument next to an open instrument case .	what is he playing next to an open instrument case ?	instrument
19145	Someone throws a ball down it .	what does someone throw down it ?	ball
19146	A green ball gets through down after it .	what gets through down after it ?	ball
19146	A green ball gets through down after it .	what is the color of the ball ?	green
19148	Five young people are shooting arrows .	how many young people are shooting arrows ?	five
19150	A person wearing a large , white suit is shown spraying down a fence with water .	what is the color of the suit ?	white
19152	A woman is laying down in a chair as a man with gloves works .	where is the woman laying down as a man with gloves works . ?	chair
19153	He places clamps on various parts of her nose .	what does he place on various parts of her nose ?	clamps
19154	He then inserts a rod before creating a piercing .	what does he then insert before creating a piercing ?	rod
19155	A person in a green jacket walks around on the snow .	what is the color of the jacket ?	green
19162	A colorful screen appears and it displays a cartoon picture of a Pokemon standing outdoors near a tree while it 's snowing , and red words read `` Pokemon-Pallet-Town '' .	what is the color of the words ?	red
19163	The camera zooms in on several players and leads into a small group of people playing soccer against one another .	what zooms in on several players and leads into a small group of people playing soccer against one another ?	camera
19165	women are in a gymnastics competition doing high jumps in a roofed gym with a lot of people gathered around them watching them .	where are women in a gymnastics competition doing high jumps with a lot of people gathered around them watching them . ?	gym
19167	A man paints a fence as the man next to him waters the fence .	what the fence as the man next to him waters the fence ?	paints
19167	A man paints a fence as the man next to him waters the fence .	the man paints a fence as the man next to him waters what ?	fence
19177	He kicks and punches the bag and ends by walking towards the camera .	he kicks and punches what and ends by walking towards the camera ?	bag
19180	A man standing in a yard and playing bagpipes .	the man standing in a yard and playing what ?	bagpipes
19181	The man is taking deep breaths and moving the keys .	what is the man taking deep breaths and moving ?	keys
19182	Two individuals play squash together in an indoor court .	how many individuals play squash together in an indoor court ?	two
19183	One of the individuals recovers the ball and serves .	one of the individuals recovers what and serves ?	ball
19184	The same individual recovers the ball and serves again .	the same individual recovers what and serves again ?	ball
19186	A person rides a tube down a hill .	what does the person rid down a hill ?	tube
19187	We watch the people walking up the hill holding their tubes and watch people go down the hill .	what do we watch and go down the hill ?	people
19189	We see the ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19191	She holds up the ingredients and instructs what you 'll need to make a sandwich .	she holds up what and instructs what you 'll need to make a sandwich ?	ingredients
19193	She spreads around the dressing and puts the other ingredients on the sandwich to finish .	she spreads around the dressing and puts what on the sandwich to finish ?	ingredients
19196	Someone stirs cookie dough and puts cookies on a sheet .	someone stirs what and puts cookies on a sheet ?	dough
19196	Someone stirs cookie dough and puts cookies on a sheet .	someone stirs cookie dough and puts what on a sheet ?	cookies
19197	The cookies go into the oven and bake for 9 minutes , and a new batch is put in the oven .	what go into the oven and bake for 9 minutes , and a new batch is put in the oven ?	cookies
19197	The cookies go into the oven and bake for 9 minutes , and a new batch is put in the oven .	where do the cookies go into the oven and bake for 9 minutes , and a new batch is put . ?	oven
19198	The warm cookies are put on a cooling rack .	what are put on the cooling rack ?	cookies
19199	The person washes , and drys the silicone baking sheet .	the person washes , and drys what ?	sheet
19200	They roll the baking sheet up and show us the finished cooling cookies .	they roll what up and show us the finished cooling cookies ?	sheet
19204	A camera is shown sitting on the side of a pool capturing bubble underneath .	what is shown sitting on the side of a pool capturing bubble underneath ?	camera
19205	More bubbles are shown followed by a man jumping in .	what are shown followed by the man jumping in ?	bubbles
19206	The man jumps all the way into the pool and the camera captures his movements .	what does the man jump all the way into the pool and captures his movements ?	camera
19207	A ladder is leaning against a house .	what is leaning against the house ?	ladder
19210	In the large bowl , he begins to move a white shirt as if he is washing it .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
19211	Finally , he stops and takes a hose to finish rinsing the water .	what does finally , he stop and takes ?	hose
19224	a girl wearing red hirt with her face is sitting on a living room and is reading tweets and talking about them .	what is the color of the hirt ?	red
19225	girl holds a small pumpkin and a knife and cut the pumpkin while talking .	girl holds a small pumpkin and a knife and cut what while talking ?	pumpkin
19232	A person holds and pet a hairless cat .	what does the person hold and pet ?	cat
19237	A person peels potatoes in a sink , suddenly a cat jumps to the bench to watch the woman .	what does the person peel potatoes in a sink , suddenly jumps to the bench to watch the woman ?	cat
19237	A person peels potatoes in a sink , suddenly a cat jumps to the bench to watch the woman .	where does the person peel potatoes , suddenly a cat jumps to the bench to watch the woman . ?	sink
19238	The cat touch the sink with his mouth and intend to pass to the other side of the sink but the woman prevents it .	what touch the sink with his mouth and intend to pass to the other side of the sink but the woman prevents it ?	cat
19238	The cat touch the sink with his mouth and intend to pass to the other side of the sink but the woman prevents it .	the cat touch what with his mouth and intend to pass to the other side of the sink but the woman prevents it ?	sink
19240	After , the cat touch the potato peeler with a leg while the person continue peeling the potatoes .	after , what touch the potato peeler with a leg while the person continue peeling the potatoes ?	cat
19244	A guy holds a light cloth .	what does the guy hold ?	cloth
19245	A guy gets a white basin from beneath the sink and fills it with water in a sink .	the guy gets what from beneath the sink and fills it with water in a sink ?	basin
19245	A guy gets a white basin from beneath the sink and fills it with water in a sink .	what is the color of the basin ?	white
19246	The guy puts down the light cloth and adds dish soap to the basin .	the guy puts down the light cloth and adds what to the basin ?	soap
19247	The guy gets a rack from beneath the sink and places it on the counter top .	the guy gets what from beneath the sink and places it on the counter top ?	rack
19248	The guy adds utensils and a dish to the white basin and washes them with a red rug .	what is the color of the basin ?	white
19248	The guy adds utensils and a dish to the white basin and washes them with a red rug .	what is the color of the rug ?	red
19250	The guy rinses the dishes and puts them in a rack .	the guy rinses what and puts them in a rack ?	dishes
19252	A man in white shirt and orange helmet is trimming the burned hedges .	what is the man in white shirt and orange helmet trimming ?	hedges
19253	A person in a protective white suit and goggles sprays a surface with purple paint using a spray gun in a room with white walls and floors .	what did the person in a protective white suit and goggles spray with purple paint ?	surface
19253	A person in a protective white suit and goggles sprays a surface with purple paint using a spray gun in a room with white walls and floors .	what is the color of the suit ?	white
19253	A person in a protective white suit and goggles sprays a surface with purple paint using a spray gun in a room with white walls and floors .	what is the color of the paint ?	purple
19254	The person then spins the surface around on a spinning table and paints the sides .	the person then spins what around on a spinning table and paints the sides ?	surface
19255	The finishes matte product is shown , dried , in the plain white room where the painting happened .	what is shown , dried , in the plain white room where the painting happened ?	product
19256	People are playing pool in a room .	where are people playing pool . ?	room
19260	There 's a young girl dressed in a blue tank top and black tights demonstrating the proper way to do planks and crunches .	what is the color of the top ?	blue
19260	There 's a young girl dressed in a blue tank top and black tights demonstrating the proper way to do planks and crunches .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
19261	She is laying on a blue Yoga mat as she does crunches .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
19263	Several clips are shown of people lifting heavy weights as well as jumping on a track .	what are shown of people lifting heavy weights as well as jumping on a track ?	clips
19266	An athlete in black shirt gives instructions for a practice drill while standing on a large sporting field .	what does an athlete in black shirt give instructions for a practice while standing on a large sporting field ?	drill
19266	An athlete in black shirt gives instructions for a practice drill while standing on a large sporting field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
19274	An arrow graphic is seen and title text .	what is seen and title text ?	graphic
19278	The woman finishes and closes the accordion .	what does the woman finish and closes ?	accordion
19286	The dog runs off screen and brings back the frisbees .	what runs off screen and brings back the frisbees ?	dog
19286	The dog runs off screen and brings back the frisbees .	the dog runs off what and brings back the frisbees ?	screen
19286	The dog runs off screen and brings back the frisbees .	the dog runs off screen and brings back what ?	frisbees
19290	Two couples play badminton in a court .	how many couples play badminton in a court ?	two
19292	A dog is sitting on an orange couch .	what is sitting on an orange couch ?	dog
19292	A dog is sitting on an orange couch .	what is the color of the couch ?	orange
19293	A dog is sitting in a bath tub getting a bath .	what is sitting in the bath tub getting a bath ?	dog
19293	A dog is sitting in a bath tub getting a bath .	where is the dog sitting getting a bath . ?	tub
19294	A person is drying the dog with a towel .	what is the person drying with a towel ?	dog
19295	The dog is getting blow dried with a hair dryer .	what is getting blow dried with a hair dryer ?	dog
19298	A man is working on a white rooftop with one of the Weldy tools .	what is the color of the rooftop ?	white
19301	She then pumps soap off and scrubs her hands .	she then pumps what off and scrubs her hands ?	soap
19303	A woman is using polish in a container to polish a black shoe .	what is the color of the shoe ?	black
19306	There is a lady dog trainer dressed in a blue hoodie playing with a black and white dog in a park .	what is there dressed in a blue hoodie playing with a black and white dog in a park ?	trainer
19306	There is a lady dog trainer dressed in a blue hoodie playing with a black and white dog in a park .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	blue
19308	The dog runs every time she throws the Frisbee at a distance and fetches it for her .	what runs every time she throws the frisbee at a distance and fetches it for her ?	dog
19312	The same lady is now wearing an orange shirt and is throwing the Frisbee to the dog .	the same lady is now wearing what and is throwing the frisbee to the dog ?	shirt
19312	The same lady is now wearing an orange shirt and is throwing the Frisbee to the dog .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
19313	The dog continues to jump and catch the Frisbee in his mouth .	what continues to jump and catch the frisbee in his mouth ?	dog
19315	Several people walk by and a lady stops and throws money into the person 's case .	what do several people walk by and a lady stops and throws into the person 's case ?	money
19318	Two young friends are together on a sandy beach .	how many young friends are together on the sandy beach ?	two
19319	First the girl on the right speaks , and then her friend in a purple t-shirt speaks next .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	purple
19323	Various clips are shown of people riding around on bikes as well as sitting on bikes ready to race .	what are shown of people riding around on bikes as well as sitting on bikes ready to race ?	clips
19324	Several clips are shown of people up close as well as them riding around on bikes .	what are shown of people up close as well as them riding around on bikes ?	clips
19329	A ball flies through he air on a baseball field .	what flies through he air on a baseball field ?	ball
19337	A man in blue shirt is brushing a paint to an airplane model , then he paint a different color to make the plane looks like a camouflage .	what is the man in blue shirt brushing to an airplane model , then he paint a different color to make the plane looks like a camouflage ?	paint
19337	A man in blue shirt is brushing a paint to an airplane model , then he paint a different color to make the plane looks like a camouflage .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
19338	A man is sitting next to several small trees .	what is the man sitting ?	trees
19341	We see a black title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19341	We see a black title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
19342	We see are driving down the street then we see the man in the car .	where do we see are driving down the street then we see the man . ?	car
19343	The man gets out and grabs flat tire supplies .	the man gets out and grabs what ?	supplies
19345	The guy loosens bolts , jacks the car up and takes off the flat .	the guy loosens bolts , jacks what up and takes off the flat ?	car
19348	The man puts the spare tire in the car and gets in the car .	the man puts what in the car and gets in the car ?	tire
19363	More clips are shown of people getting ready on land as well as swimming around the ocean .	what are shown of people getting ready on land as well as swimming around the ocean ?	clips
19364	A small dog is seen standing in snow and a person pushing snow with a shovel .	what is seen standing in snow and a person pushing snow with a shovel ?	dog
19365	The dog follows the person shoveling while biting at the shovel and barking at the camera man .	what follows the person shoveling while biting at the shovel and barking at the camera man ?	dog
19371	A man wears a welding helmet and holds a rod .	the man wears welding what and holds a rod ?	helmet
19371	A man wears a welding helmet and holds a rod .	the man wears a welding helmet and holds what ?	rod
19372	Then , the man use the road to held a piece of metal on the floor .	what do then , the man use ?	road
19375	The boy puts his cone in front of the camera .	what does the boy put in front of the camera ?	cone
19380	Two men are seen standing around a room and begin hitting a ball while others watch .	how many men are seen standing around the room and begin hitting a ball while others watch ?	two
19383	One man then leads into playing harmonica on the stage while others watch on the side .	how many man then leads into playing harmonica on the stage while others watch on the side ?	one
19388	A group hangs onto a tow rope on inter tubes and throws snowballs .	the group hangs onto a tow rope on inter tubes and throws what ?	snowballs
19394	Two teams playing throwing balls to hit an opponent .	how many teams is playing throwing balls to hit an opponent ?	two
19395	The players hold two balls and throw each other to hit and opponent .	the players hold what and throw each other to hit and opponent ?	balls
19395	The players hold two balls and throw each other to hit and opponent .	the players hold how many balls and throw each other to hit and opponent ?	two
19396	A boy holding a ball throw to another player and the opponents also throws ball .	what is the boy holding also throws ?	ball
19400	A woman in a purple dress is seated , speaking to the camera .	what is the color of the dress ?	purple
19403	Three individuals sit on stage and have a conversation .	how many individuals sit on stage and have a conversation ?	three
19404	Two boys dance in the same fashion .	how many boys dance in the same fashion ?	two
19414	The two boy dancers are shown extending one hand .	how many boy dancers are shown extending one hand ?	two
19419	The man in a black suit dances and then sits .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
19420	The man in a brown suit returns to the backstage area .	what is the color of the suit ?	brown
19423	A young man in a black shirt hits a small ball against the wall .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
19424	A man in a red shirt hands the ball to him with his racket .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
19427	The young man in the black shirt hands the ball to the man in the red shirt .	what does the young man in the black shirt hand to the man in the red shirt ?	ball
19427	The young man in the black shirt hands the ball to the man in the red shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
19427	The young man in the black shirt hands the ball to the man in the red shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
19428	The man in the red shirt hits the ball against the wall .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
19430	team wearing yellow uniform are running in a field .	team wearing what are running in a field ?	uniform
19430	team wearing yellow uniform are running in a field .	what is the color of the uniform ?	yellow
19435	She brushes the dogs right leg .	what does she brush ?	leg
19439	She brushes his paw again .	what does she brush again ?	paw
19443	Fade to black , and the credits occur .	what is the color of the credits ?	black
19445	The lady plays a black piano .	what does the lady play ?	piano
19445	The lady plays a black piano .	what is the color of the piano ?	black
19448	The demonstration begins and it shows someone is sponge painting various colors onto a long white painted nail .	what is the color of the nail ?	white
19449	A black paint bottle is shown then the person paints a thin black line unto the sparkly and multi colored nail and paints them in the pattern of zebra stripes .	what is shown then the person paints a thin black line unto the sparkly and multi colored nail and paints them in the pattern of zebra stripes ?	bottle
19449	A black paint bottle is shown then the person paints a thin black line unto the sparkly and multi colored nail and paints them in the pattern of zebra stripes .	what is the color of the bottle ?	black
19449	A black paint bottle is shown then the person paints a thin black line unto the sparkly and multi colored nail and paints them in the pattern of zebra stripes .	what is the color of the unto ?	black
19450	A colorful screen along with colorful text appears and it has instructions to `` Finish with topcoat And now you 're an invincible Nyan Zebra !! '' .	what along with colorful text appears and it has instructions to `` finish with topcoat and now you 're an invincible nyan zebra !! '' ?	screen
19455	Two men in a canoe sail near the bank of the river , but then sail in the river .	how many men in a canoe sail near the bank of the river , but then sail in the river ?	two
19457	The two men cross a person alone in a canoe .	how many men cross the person alone in a canoe ?	two
19465	He removes his gloves and gets to his knees and back up as he tries to pull the line out of the hole repeatedly .	he removes what and gets to his knees and back up as he tries to pull the line out of the hole repeatedly ?	gloves
19472	She flips over the shirt to continue ironing and looks off into the distance .	she flips over what and looks off into the distance ?	shirt
19473	Two kids are seen sitting in a bath tub with one holding a bucket and the holding smiling and laughing .	how many kids are seen sitting in the bath tub with one holding a bucket and the holding smiling and laughing ?	two
19474	The boy pours the bucket over his face and a hand gives him a towel while the girl also splashes her face .	what does the boy pour the bucket over his face and a hand gives him ?	towel
19476	A gold ornament is shown hanging from a christmas tree .	what is shown hanging from the christmas tree ?	ornament
19477	Two women are on the floor , wrapping presents .	how many women are on the floor , wrapping presents ?	two
19480	A young boy wearing sunglasses is shown pushing a long a lawn mower across a lawn .	the young boy wearing what is shown pushing a long a lawn mower across a lawn ?	sunglasses
19481	The camera continuously follows him as he moves back and fourth with the mower on the lawn .	what continuously follows him as he moves back and fourth with the mower on the lawn ?	camera
19488	An old lady knits with a red needle and red wool .	what is the color of the needle ?	red
19488	An old lady knits with a red needle and red wool .	what is the color of the wool ?	red
19491	A little girl sled in an inflatable boat hold to a string on front a man , suddenly she falls in a hollow .	where do the little girl sled hold to a string on front a man , suddenly she falls in a hollow . ?	boat
19493	After a group of people sled do down the hill until meet other persons .	what do after the group of people do down the hill until meet other persons ?	sled
19494	A young girl is applying sunscreen to her face .	what is the young girl applying to her face ?	sunscreen
19495	A beach is crowded with people while a motoroboat speeds across the water .	what is crowded with people while a motoroboat speeds across the water ?	beach
19497	People apply sunblock to each other outdoors .	what do people apply to each other outdoors ?	sunblock
19498	A girl names Ashley dressed in all purple walks up slowly , then it turns to nature view of dirt and flowers .	what is the color of the ashley ?	purple
19499	Ashley comes out getting dressed in her motor cross gear and slowly walks her bike out .	ashley comes out and slowly walks what out ?	bicycle
19504	A man then carves a pumpkin into a snarling old man .	what does the man then carve into a snarling old man ?	pumpkin
19506	The man tilts the pumpkin back into the light .	what does the man tilt back into the light ?	pumpkin
19508	We see the ending screen with a website .	what do we see with a website ?	screen
19511	The camera 's are getting all in their faces basically .	what are getting all in their faces basically ?	camera
19514	A man sitting in front of her is playing a harmonica .	what is the man sitting in front of her is playing ?	harmonica
19517	People sit around a track and leads into small children performing several long jumps .	people sit around what and leads into small children performing several long jumps ?	track
19521	cleaning materials sit next to a double sink , then a person puts a bottle with blue liquid next to the cleaning materials .	what is the color of the materials ?	blue
19522	After , the person pours a little bit of blue liquid in the sink and scrubs the sinks with a sponge .	after , the person pours a little bit of blue liquid in the sink and scrubs what with a sponge ?	sinks
19522	After , the person pours a little bit of blue liquid in the sink and scrubs the sinks with a sponge .	what is the color of the liquid ?	blue
19523	After , the person rinse the sinks with water and dries with a cloth .	what did after , the person rinse with water and dries with a cloth ?	sinks
19524	A camera pans all around a frozen lake with trees and leads into a group of people fishing around a hole .	what pans all around a frozen lake with trees and leads into a group of people fishing around a hole ?	camera
19527	He cleans the floor as people try to talk to him .	what does he clean ?	floor
19531	A gate opens and a calf runs out closely followed by a man on a horse .	what opens and the calf runs out closely followed by a man on a horse ?	gate
19531	A gate opens and a calf runs out closely followed by a man on a horse .	what does the gate open and runs out closely followed by a man on a horse ?	calf
19533	The man jumps from his horse and runs over and ties up the calf .	the man jumps from his horse and runs over and ties up what ?	calf
19539	Two people are seen performing various kicks and tricks around one another while a large group of people watch on the sides .	how many people are seen performing various kicks and tricks around one another while a large group of people watch on the sides ?	two
19547	Several more clips are shown of people riding snowboards and performing tricks on a board .	what are shown of people riding snowboards and performing tricks on a board ?	clips
19551	A dog appears , as people continue to bustle .	what appears , as people continue to bustle ?	dog
19554	Carved pepper jack-o-lanterns are seen prepared .	what are seen prepared ?	jack-o-lanterns
19555	A woman uses a knife to carve out the center and facial features of a bell pepper then places in a dish .	what does the woman use and facial features of a bell pepper then places in a dish ?	knife
19555	A woman uses a knife to carve out the center and facial features of a bell pepper then places in a dish .	where does the woman use a knife to carve out the center and facial features of a bell pepper then places . ?	dish
19557	The woman uses a spatula to mix everything together .	what does the woman use ?	spatula
19558	A spoon is used to add ingredients into the hollow bell peppers .	what is used to add ingredients into the hollow bell peppers ?	spoon
19560	The bell peppers are removed from the dish and put on a plate .	what are removed from the dish and put on a plate ?	peppers
19561	the finished bell peppers are seen on the cutting board .	what are seen on the cutting board ?	peppers
19562	A woman adds ingredients to a casserole dish .	what does the woman add to a casserole dish ?	ingredients
19565	After , three girls are shown standing in a straddle position and begins to clap and lunge with their right hand to the side and go down .	after , how many girls are shown standing in the straddle position and begins to clap and lunge with their right hand to the side and go down ?	three
19574	Three people are standing outside under a very large concrete gazebo and briefly the white word `` MARANHAO '' is on the right side of the screen .	how many people are standing outside under the very large concrete gazebo ?	three
19574	Three people are standing outside under a very large concrete gazebo and briefly the white word `` MARANHAO '' is on the right side of the screen .	what is the color of the maranhao ?	white
19580	We see a gym filled with people watching as people jump rope .	what do we see filled with people watching as people jump rope ?	gym
19585	We then see the blue ending screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
19585	We then see the blue ending screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
19586	The woman introduces herself in the beginning of the video and then different pictures are shown .	what does the woman introduce herself in the beginning of the video and then are shown ?	pictures
19587	She also talks about the fun you can have in Chicago and her big production of being the black widow .	what is the color of the widow ?	black
19588	The man in dark blue shirt is kneeling with one knee .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
19589	The man is dribbling the blue ball .	what is the man dribbling ?	ball
19589	The man is dribbling the blue ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
19591	Several pictures are shown in the beginning of old roofs as well as new roofs and people working on top of these roofs .	what are shown in the beginning of old roofs as well as new roofs and people working on top of these roofs ?	pictures
19597	Two men are seated in a room in front of a robotic arm .	how many men are seated in the room in front of a robotic arm ?	two
19599	The arm brings the bottle to the man 's face , so he can take a drink .	what does the arm bring to the man 's face , so he can take a drink ?	bottle
19600	Then the robot returns the bottle to the table .	what does then return the bottle to the table ?	robot
19600	Then the robot returns the bottle to the table .	what does then the robot return to the table ?	bottle
19601	A person holds a ring in a small box .	where does the person hold a ring . ?	box
19605	Four men perform a wrestling stunt in costume while standing on an elevated , lit , stage in front of a seated audience .	how many men perform the wrestling stunt in costume while standing on an elevated , lit , stage in front of a seated audience ?	four
19606	Two men in black lift one man in a blue shiny outfit , up , on their shoulders .	how many men in black lift one man in a blue shiny outfit , up , on their shoulders ?	two
19606	Two men in black lift one man in a blue shiny outfit , up , on their shoulders .	what is the color of the men ?	black
19606	Two men in black lift one man in a blue shiny outfit , up , on their shoulders .	what is the color of the outfit ?	blue
19607	The two men in black place the man in blue 's legs around the neck of another man , the biggest man on the stage , who is also dressed in black .	how many men in black place the man in blue 's legs around the neck of another man , the biggest man on the stage , who is also dressed in black ?	two
19607	The two men in black place the man in blue 's legs around the neck of another man , the biggest man on the stage , who is also dressed in black .	what is the color of the men ?	black
19607	The two men in black place the man in blue 's legs around the neck of another man , the biggest man on the stage , who is also dressed in black .	what is the color of the stage ?	black
19608	There are two teams playing volley ball in an indoor stadium in front of a large number of spectators .	there are two teams playing what in an indoor stadium in front of a large number of spectators ?	ball
19608	There are two teams playing volley ball in an indoor stadium in front of a large number of spectators .	how many teams are there playing volley ball in an indoor stadium in front of a large number of spectators ?	two
19609	The green and yellow team is playing against the red team .	what is the color of the team ?	red
19611	Then the green and yellow team plays against the blue team .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
19612	The red team is back to play with the green and yellow team .	what is the color of the team ?	red
19613	Then the blue team returns to play against the green and yellow team .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
19614	The volley ball game continues as the red team and blue team alternately play with their opponents .	what continues as the red team and blue team alternately play with their opponents ?	game
19614	The volley ball game continues as the red team and blue team alternately play with their opponents .	what is the color of the team ?	red
19614	The volley ball game continues as the red team and blue team alternately play with their opponents .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
19615	A camera pans all around a piece of exercise equipment followed by a woman riding on it .	what pans all around a piece of exercise equipment followed by a woman riding on it ?	camera
19621	The male then begins to run from an angle towards the mat and does a high jump clearing the bar .	the male then begins and does a high jump clearing what ?	bar
19624	People continue to walk pass them and the two males begin jumping extremely high as the lady walks away with the child .	how many males begin jumping extremely high as the lady walks away with the child ?	two
19625	The four individuals then move in front of a building and start hoping around then eventually to a set of steps in what looks to be a court yard .	how many individuals then move in front of a building and start hoping around then eventually to a set of steps in what looks to be a court yard ?	four
19628	Several pairs of people are out in the desert holding a selfie stick as they travel around on camels .	what are several pairs of people out in the desert holding ?	stick
19632	When the man is done the same blue screen from the beginning appears and ends with the same white screen with the green eHow written in the middle .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
19632	When the man is done the same blue screen from the beginning appears and ends with the same white screen with the green eHow written in the middle .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
19632	When the man is done the same blue screen from the beginning appears and ends with the same white screen with the green eHow written in the middle .	what is the color of the ehow ?	green
19634	One person sits on a tube while others walk from behind .	how many person sits on the tube while others walk from behind ?	one
19651	Men are playing wall ball in a room against each other .	what are men playing in a room against each other ?	ball
19652	A man in a red shirt and glasses is talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
19653	A man in a black shirt talks to a man in a red shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
19653	A man in a black shirt talks to a man in a red shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
19656	A man in a black shirt is talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
19657	The men are playing more wall ball .	what are the men playing ?	ball
19659	A man in a black shirt is playing a drum set .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
19660	A man in a green shirt plays a guitar at the front of the stage .	what does the man in a green shirt play at the front of the stage ?	guitar
19660	A man in a green shirt plays a guitar at the front of the stage .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
19661	Two scientist throws stones in the water while talking .	how many scientist throws stones in the water while talking ?	two
19664	A woman water ski while two men explains the movements made by the girl .	what while two men explains the movements made by the girl ?	ski
19664	A woman water ski while two men explains the movements made by the girl .	how many men does the woman water ski while explain the movements made by the girl ?	two
19671	People in black play dodge ball on a court .	what is the color of the play ?	black
19676	He stands up and runs out the door .	he stands up and runs out what ?	door
19677	A weather map is shown for a second , then two news women sitting at a desk .	what is shown for the second , then two news women sitting at a desk ?	map
19679	A gun is fired , and the race begins .	what is fired , and the race begins ?	gun
19685	She goes forward on the diving board and does a backward dive into the pool from several feet .	she goes forward on the diving board and does what into the pool from several feet ?	dive
19688	Several player on horseback are playing cricket on a field .	what are several player on horseback playing on a field ?	cricket
19689	All players ride their horses to one side of the field .	what do all players ride to one side of the field ?	horses
19691	The ball is hit into the middle of the field away from all the players .	what is hit into the middle of the field away from all the players ?	ball
19695	We do a 360 spin to see the parking lot .	how many spin do we do to see the parking lot ?	360
19696	The man opens the doors on his car and gets in .	the man opens what on his car and gets in ?	doors
19699	The people continue kick the ball around with several more balls being thrown in as well .	what do the people continue kick around with several more balls being thrown in as well ?	ball
19700	Two people are seen sitting on a ski bench putting on gear and leads into people pushing a puck around a hockey rink .	how many people are seen sitting on the ski bench putting on gear and leads into people pushing a puck around a hockey rink ?	two
19706	A woman in a black top and shorts wears boxing gloves .	what does the woman in a black top and shorts wear boxing ?	gloves
19706	A woman in a black top and shorts wears boxing gloves .	what is the color of the top ?	black
19707	She spares with a man in black .	what is the color of the man ?	black
19714	Players carry a huge check .	what do players carry ?	check
19718	People are in a large yellow raft going down a water fall .	what is the color of the raft ?	yellow
19719	A man in a boat is going down the river .	where is the man going down the river . ?	boat
19721	Rafters are going down a rough hill and hitting the rocks .	what are going down the rough hill and hitting the rocks ?	rafters
19721	Rafters are going down a rough hill and hitting the rocks .	what are rafters going down a rough hill and hitting ?	rocks
19722	A shoe is cleaned with a toothbrush by a sink .	what is cleaned with the toothbrush by a sink ?	shoe
19723	The counter is wiped with a towel .	what is wiped with the towel ?	counter
19724	The shoe is cleaned more with the toothbrush and a towel .	what is cleaned more with the toothbrush and a towel ?	shoe
19727	Blue text talks about the description of the video .	what is the color of the talks ?	blue
19729	One boy continuously does layups until the end .	how many boy continuously does layups until the end ?	one
19731	The camera follows these borders closely as they perform tricks up stairs and over benches .	what follows these borders closely as they perform tricks up stairs and over benches ?	camera
19733	A man picks up an ax .	what does the man pick up ?	ax
19737	Then , the person pours water and adds sugar in a pot to make syrup .	then , the person pours water and adds what in a pot to make syrup ?	sugar
19740	Then the person serves the lemonade .	what does then the person serve ?	lemonade
19748	man is standing in street holding a board and skateboarding through the street .	where is man standing holding a board and skateboarding through the street . ?	street
19757	Another angle is shown with the surfer effortlessly riding a wave on a table .	what is shown with the surfer effortlessly riding a wave on a table ?	angle
19759	A man wearing headphones is in a studio , speaking into a microphone .	the man wearing what is in a studio , speaking into a microphone ?	headphones
19762	A machine draws a face on a pumpkin .	what draws the face on a pumpkin ?	machine
19763	The lights turn off and it shows the carved pumpkin turned on .	what do the lights turn off and it shows turned on ?	pumpkin
19765	A large semi truck is driving in the rain .	what is driving in the rain ?	truck
19770	She then squeezes the orange into a clear glass bowl and seasoning it and mixing it together with the previously cut up ingredients .	what does she then squeeze into a clear glass bowl and seasoning it and mixing it together with the previously cut up ingredients ?	orange
19770	She then squeezes the orange into a clear glass bowl and seasoning it and mixing it together with the previously cut up ingredients .	what does she then squeeze the orange into a clear glass bowl and previously cut up ?	ingredients
19780	A yellow frame with girls playing Lacross opens up the video .	what is the color of the frame ?	yellow
19783	A black and yellow jump rope lies on the floor while three people are in the background .	what lies on the floor while three people are in the background ?	rope
19783	A black and yellow jump rope lies on the floor while three people are in the background .	the black and yellow jump rope lies on the floor while how many people are in the background ?	three
19784	The title , `` Jump Rope Steffisburg '' , appears on the screen while several people in green shirts run behind .	what is the color of the shirts ?	green
19785	Two young women perform a somersault .	how many young women perform the somersault ?	two
19786	A large group of people in green shirts perform various jump rope stunts in a large gymnasium .	what is the color of the shirts ?	green
19800	The players are showing all the steps in the tutorial where the one of the player shoots the ball bravely for a point .	what are the players showing in the tutorial where the one of the player shoots the ball bravely for a point ?	steps
19807	One of them spits it out in the sink and the other three are trying to carry on .	where does one of them spit it out and the other three are trying to carry on . ?	sink
19808	They are having a really hard time and eventually they all spit out and one girl wins .	they all spit out and how many girl wins ?	one
19810	She uses a stick to swing at a pinata .	what does she use ?	stick
19812	A man is standing outside a tattoo and piercing parlor .	what is the man standing outside a tattoo and piercing ?	parlor
19822	More clips are shown of people roping calf 's in the pit and ending with pictures of people performing .	what are shown of people roping calf 's in the pit and ending with pictures of people performing ?	clips
19823	There 's a man in a red shirt and a checked shirt over it , standing in a park .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
19829	Then he holds the skateboard in his hand as he talks while pointing to the bench .	what does then he hold in his hand ?	skateboard
19831	They lob the pink ball back and forth over the net .	what do they lob back and forth over the net ?	ball
19833	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19834	We see balls and paddle and a blue table then a man talks and two men playing table tennis .	what is the color of the table ?	blue
19835	We see an instructional title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19837	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19838	Several men are blowing leaves in front of a home .	what are several men blowing in front of a home ?	leaves
19839	One man is going all throughout the yard to blow the leaves .	how many man is going all throughout the yard to blow the leaves ?	one
19844	They dip a paint brush in paint and paint it put it on a sponge .	they dip what in paint and paint it put it on a sponge ?	brush
19845	They put that on their nail and put a top coat on .	they put that on their nail and put what on ?	coat
19849	woman is walking in a sidewalk with a white small dog and enters in a house .	what is the color of the dog ?	white
19850	the woman is again in the terrace talking to the camera .	where is the woman again talking to the camera . ?	terrace
19853	A cat is standing on a table getting petted .	what is standing on the table getting petted ?	cat
19855	The person picks the cat up to clip their back paws .	what does the person pick up ?	cat
19856	The person pets the cat after clipping its nails .	what does the person pet after clipping its nails ?	cat
19858	One person surfs on a big wave going to the right , while other surfer gets in a wave to surf and falls but get on the surfboard again .	how many person surfs on the big wave going to the right , while other surfer gets in a wave to surf and falls but get on the surfboard again ?	one
19864	A young child is seen washing various dishes in a sink while wearing gloves and running them under water .	where is the young child seen washing various dishes while wearing gloves and running them under water . ?	sink
19873	Lemons are thrown onto a counter and glasses of lemon-aid appear with ice in mason jars on the counter as well .	what are thrown onto the counter and glasses of lemon-aid appear with ice in mason jars on the counter as well ?	lemons
19874	Lemons are then rolled around against the counter back and forth evenly with the palm of a hand using firm pressure .	what are then rolled around against the counter back and forth evenly with the palm of a hand using firm pressure ?	lemons
19875	The lemons are scraped back and forth against a metal food grater to get the zest off of them leaving the skin of the lemon in a bowl .	what are scraped back and forth against the metal food grater to get the zest off of them leaving the skin of the lemon in a bowl ?	lemons
19879	People are standing on a balcony over looking a soccer event and the screen says Wuzler Cup Finale .	what are people standing on a balcony over looking a soccer event and says wuzler cup finale ?	screen
19880	Two rows of people are playing table soccer .	how many rows of people are playing table soccer ?	two
19881	The ball jumped off the table and a woman put it back into play and a goal was made .	what jumped off the table and a woman put it back into play and a goal was made ?	ball
19883	The red team won and are showing off their tshirts .	what is the color of the team ?	red
19885	A group of women wearing blue dresses are dancing on a stage in sync they dropped to the ground and the screen fades to black .	what is the color of the dresses ?	blue
19885	A group of women wearing blue dresses are dancing on a stage in sync they dropped to the ground and the screen fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
19886	The spotlight fades as the routine ends and the screen fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
19888	A doctor is performing surgery in a room .	where is the doctor performing surgery . ?	room
19889	A woman in a red shirt is standing at a counter talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
19892	One man is then interviewed by the cameraman and is shown again riding large waves in the ocean .	how many man is then interviewed by the cameraman and is shown again riding large waves in the ocean ?	one
19901	man is holding a ball next to the christmas tree putting the balls .	what is man holding next to the christmas tree putting the balls ?	ball
19901	man is holding a ball next to the christmas tree putting the balls .	man is holding a ball next to the christmas tree putting what ?	balls
19906	The two boys to the right have already started and the two boys on the left are at a delay .	how many boys to the right have already started ?	two
19906	The two boys to the right have already started and the two boys on the left are at a delay .	how many boys on the left are at a delay ?	two
19907	In eight seconds , the boy solves his cube and the boys behind them jump up and begins to congratulate him as the others continue to solve their .	what does in eight seconds , the boy solve and the boys behind them jump up and begins to congratulate him as the others continue to solve their ?	cube
19909	The men throw the ball around the yard and continue to run up and down on the grass .	the men throw what around the yard and continue to run up and down on the grass ?	ball
19910	A roof is repaired by PVC .	what is repaired by pvc ?	roof
19911	The roof is cleaned and the seal is made again .	what is cleaned and the seal is made again ?	roof
19911	The roof is cleaned and the seal is made again .	what is the roof cleaned and is made again ?	seal
19912	Various clips are shown of a woman standing and pointing on a beach that lead into her dragging along a board and and adjusting it on the water .	what are shown of the woman standing and pointing on a beach that lead into her dragging along a board and and adjusting it on the water ?	clips
19919	men start settle the gym and bring some mats and strings to ge gym .	what do men start settle and bring some mats and strings to ge gym ?	gym
19923	man is teaching how to play the harmonica in the key of A and its talking and playing the guitar .	what is man teaching and playing ?	guitar
19924	Several clips are shown of people riding in water on kayaks .	what are shown of people riding in water on kayaks ?	clips
19926	More clips are shown of people riding in the water and doing flips in the kayaks .	what are shown of people riding in the water and doing flips in the kayaks ?	clips
19929	A man is kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
19931	The man on the mat has a brown belt around his waist .	what is the color of the belt ?	brown
19932	Two people are seen walking out of a building and leads into them playing crochet with one another .	how many people are seen walking out of the building and leads into them playing crochet with one another ?	two
19935	People watch competitors get ready near a red stage .	what is the color of the stage ?	red
19936	The competitors put their robots down in the circle as the judge instructs them .	what did the competitors put down in the circle ?	robots
19938	The robots begin to move , and one of the robots is pushed out of the circle .	what begin to move , and one of the robots is pushed out of the circle ?	robots
19939	The competitors walk back up to the stage and replace their robots .	the competitors walk back up to the stage and replace what ?	robots
19943	A person in a black t-shirt clips the nails on the front paws of a brown and tan speckled cat .	the person in a black t-shirt clips the nails on the front paws of a brown and tan what ?	cat
19943	A person in a black t-shirt clips the nails on the front paws of a brown and tan speckled cat .	what is the color of the clips ?	black
19943	A person in a black t-shirt clips the nails on the front paws of a brown and tan speckled cat .	what is the color of the paws ?	brown
19944	A brown and tan speckled cat is lying on a white cushion when a person walks in holding a pair of red handled nail clippers .	what is the color of the cushion ?	white
19944	A brown and tan speckled cat is lying on a white cushion when a person walks in holding a pair of red handled nail clippers .	what is the color of the clippers ?	red
19947	Two boys are wrestling in a bedroom .	how many boys are wrestling in the bedroom ?	two
19947	Two boys are wrestling in a bedroom .	where are two boys wrestling . ?	bedroom
19948	One boy is picked up and thrown on the bed .	how many boy is picked up and thrown on the bed ?	one
19949	The boy turns off the camera .	what does the boy turn off ?	camera
19950	A piercing artist inserts a bar into a woman 's nipple .	what did the piercing artist insert into a woman 's nipple ?	bar
19952	The woman wearing a costume sits up and shows her new piercings .	the woman wearing what sits up and shows her new piercings ?	costume
19953	A woman smoking a cigarette speaks to another about how much they need smoking .	the woman smoking what speaks to another about how much they need smoking ?	cigarette
19956	He picks up a trimming saw and starts the engine .	he picks up a trimming saw and starts what ?	engine
19957	He climbs the ladder and begins trimming the tree .	he climbs what and begins trimming the tree ?	ladder
19960	She plays two different melodies on the violin and finishes together at the same time , smiling at the camera .	she plays how many different melodies on the violin and finishes together at the same time , smiling at the camera ?	two
19961	A man is standing outside in the dark smoking a cigarette in front of a green garage .	what is the color of the garage ?	green
19966	We see a white title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19966	We see a white title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
19968	We see a bucket which rings a round mop without touching it .	what do we see ?	bucket
19970	Three ladies give endorsements and we see them using the mop .	how many ladies give endorsements ?	three
19972	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19975	Next , a young man approaches the bars , does his routine , and then comes back to to his interview .	next , the young man approaches what , does his routine , and then comes back to to his interview ?	bars
19982	The tool is shown in real time emitting heat with a photo of a welded material .	what is shown in real time emitting heat with a photo of a welded material ?	tool
19984	A man in a blue coat and orange gloves uses the arc tool .	what does the man in a blue coat and orange gloves use ?	tool
19984	A man in a blue coat and orange gloves uses the arc tool .	what is the color of the coat ?	blue
19984	A man in a blue coat and orange gloves uses the arc tool .	what is the color of the gloves ?	orange
19988	woman is in a large green field holding a yellow frisbee and playing with a dog .	what is the color of the field ?	green
19988	woman is in a large green field holding a yellow frisbee and playing with a dog .	what is the color of the frisbee ?	yellow
19990	woman is throwing the frisbee to the dog .	what is woman throwing to the dog ?	frisbee
19994	A man picks up his chair and turns it upside down on the drums .	the man picks up what and turns it upside down on the drums ?	chair
19995	There are three body builders exercising and working out in a small gym with weightlifting equipment .	how many body builders are there exercising and working out in a small gym with weightlifting equipment ?	three
19996	One of the body builders lifts the weight bar several times and then drops it down while the other two body builders watch him .	one of the body builders lifts the weight bar several times and then drops it down while how many body builders watch him ?	two
19997	Then he goes and wipes off his sweat with a towel and lifts the weight bar again and drops it .	then he goes and wipes off his sweat with a towel and lifts what again and drops it ?	bar
19998	He then wears an abdominal belt and lifts the weight bar again and drops it .	he then wears what and lifts the weight bar again and drops it ?	belt
19998	He then wears an abdominal belt and lifts the weight bar again and drops it .	he then wears an abdominal belt and lifts what again and drops it ?	bar
20000	A man wearing headphones stands behind a pair of large drums .	the man wearing what stands behind a pair of large drums ?	headphones
20001	The man plays drums with his palms .	what does the man play with his palms ?	drums
20003	A man lays out a scarf and puts some accessories in the middle of it .	the man lays out what and puts some accessories in the middle of it ?	scarf
20003	A man lays out a scarf and puts some accessories in the middle of it .	the man lays out a scarf and puts what in the middle of it ?	accessories
20008	Two men are shown on a squash court playing a game of squash .	how many men are shown on the squash court playing a game of squash ?	two
20012	At the end of the video a text box shows up with a fun fact about squash .	what does at the end of the video show up with a fun fact about squash ?	box
20015	Several people are outdoors enjoying the beach .	what are several people outdoors enjoying ?	beach
20017	After several hits , one man decides to kick the ball over the net and another man takes off running from the other side and tackles him in the dirt .	how many man decides to kick the ball over the net ?	one
20021	Old clips are shown of a man drawing a picture and two children watching .	what are shown of the man drawing a picture and two children watching ?	clips
20028	A group of drum players gather , playing in a room .	where do the group of drum players gather , playing . ?	room
20037	She is using a dryer to blow dry her hair .	what is she using ?	dryer
20040	The women run after a white ball on the field while holding hockey sticks .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
20041	The red team and blue team continue to play field hockey while a referee watches on and a guard guards the goal .	what is the color of the team ?	red
20041	The red team and blue team continue to play field hockey while a referee watches on and a guard guards the goal .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
20043	He adjusts a ladder and leans it up against the structure , walks back to look , and adjusts it a couple more times .	he adjusts what and leans it up against the structure , walks back to look , and adjusts it a couple more times ?	ladder
20044	When satisfied , he tightens a strap , and grabs a second ladder .	, he tightens what , and grabs a second ladder ?	strap
20044	When satisfied , he tightens a strap , and grabs a second ladder .	, he tightens a strap , and grabs what ?	ladder
20052	He puts an earring through the piercing and makes sure it 's in place .	he puts what through the piercing and makes sure it 's in place ?	earring
20056	A man in yellow shirt and black tights , walked towards the bike , bend over and unscrew the screw .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
20056	A man in yellow shirt and black tights , walked towards the bike , bend over and unscrew the screw .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
20057	The person screw the wheel back to the bike .	what did the person screw back to the bike ?	wheel
20059	They put a contact lens in the eye .	what did they put contact in the eye ?	lens
20062	The camera pans all around her while she opens the present and smiles to the camera .	what pans all around her while she opens the present and smiles to the camera ?	camera
20064	A woman and man wearing matching green color dance on stage during a performance .	what is the color of the dance ?	green
20068	People are sitting along the benches against a wall watching .	what are people sitting along against a wall watching ?	benches
20073	Three people sit on front the ocean .	how many people sit on front the ocean ?	three
20084	A black intro screen appears and it has the words SUPER WASH in the middle .	what appears and it has the words super wash in the middle ?	screen
20084	A black intro screen appears and it has the words SUPER WASH in the middle .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
20085	A red car and a car behind it is at a car wash and both of them are being worked on by two sets of people at each car .	what is the color of the car ?	red
20086	The red car is parked outside of the building and it 's clean , dry and very shiny .	what is parked outside of the building and it 's clean , dry and very shiny ?	car
20086	The red car is parked outside of the building and it 's clean , dry and very shiny .	what is the color of the car ?	red
20087	People are driving a car down a street .	what are people driving down a street ?	car
20088	They are paddling in a boat down a river .	where are they paddling . ?	boat
20090	A chef in a white chef 's uniform stands in an empty commercial kitchen and demonstrates how to make an omelette .	what is the color of the chef ?	white
20091	A chef stands in a kitchen talks to the camera before taking an egg and pouring it into a mini black skillet .	what is the color of the skillet ?	black
20092	The chef maneuvers the egg over the stove with a fork gently prodding it .	what did the chef maneuver over the stove with a fork gently prodding it ?	egg
20093	The chef then fold the egg in half in the skillet and plates it on a white plate before turning to the camera and talking again .	the chef then fold what in half in the skillet and plates it on a white plate before turning to the camera and talking again ?	egg
20093	The chef then fold the egg in half in the skillet and plates it on a white plate before turning to the camera and talking again .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
20094	Two girls are dancing and twirling batons on a gym floor .	how many girls are dancing and twirling batons on a gym floor ?	two
20105	They are all wearing flippers .	what are they all wearing ?	flippers
20107	Several children practice wearing scuba gear .	what are several children practice wearing ?	gear
20114	A camera pans all around the sky and shows a close up of a kite .	what pans all around the sky and shows a close up of a kite ?	camera
20116	The kite continues to move in the air while a person continue flying it .	what continues to move in the air while a person continue flying it ?	kite
20120	A man falls off his bike and the bike slides .	what does the man fall off and the bike slides ?	bicycle
20120	A man falls off his bike and the bike slides .	what does the man fall off his bike and slides ?	bicycle
20121	Another man falls off his bike and is almost run over .	another man falls off what and is almost run over ?	bicycle
20122	The man interviews two men after the race and the screen goes green .	how many men did the man interview after the race and the screen goes green ?	two
20123	People are working out on cycle bikes in a gym .	where are people working out . ?	gym
20125	A banner hanging on the wall is shown .	what is hanging on the wall is shown ?	banner
20126	A man in black is sitting and playing at a piano while a man in red is standing near drums .	what is the color of the man ?	black
20127	As the man in black plays , the man in red is rolling up a wire .	what is as the man in black plays , the man in red rolling up ?	wire
20127	As the man in black plays , the man in red is rolling up a wire .	what is the color of the plays ?	black
20129	The man then places the wire down .	what does the man then place down ?	wire
20130	A boat is seen riding along the water with people sitting on the sides and watching .	what is seen riding along the water with people sitting on the sides and watching ?	boat
20132	The camera continues to pan around the city as well as the nightlife .	what continues to pan around the city as well as the nightlife ?	camera
20134	woman is laying down in a bed and a man is assisting her .	where is woman laying down and a man is assisting her . ?	bed
20135	There are two people dressed in red shirts and blue shorts playing ping pong in a large stadium with lots of spectators watching them .	how many people are there dressed in red shirts and blue shorts playing ping pong in a large stadium with lots of spectators watching them ?	two
20135	There are two people dressed in red shirts and blue shorts playing ping pong in a large stadium with lots of spectators watching them .	what is the color of the shirts ?	red
20135	There are two people dressed in red shirts and blue shorts playing ping pong in a large stadium with lots of spectators watching them .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
20148	A dog is chasing him , trying to catch his frisbee .	what is chasing him , trying to catch his frisbee ?	dog
20149	He throws the frisbee , and the dog jumps into the air to catch it .	what does he throw , and the dog jumps into the air to catch it ?	frisbee
20149	He throws the frisbee , and the dog jumps into the air to catch it .	what does he throw the frisbee , and jumps into the air to catch it ?	dog
20151	We see a lady in a blue dress is playing in front of the other players .	what is the color of the dress ?	blue
20155	We fade to black and the video ends .	what is the color of the video ?	black
20157	The person puts toothpaste onto a brush and brushes the dog 's teeth back and fourth .	the person puts what onto a brush and brushes the dog 's teeth back and fourth ?	toothpaste
20157	The person puts toothpaste onto a brush and brushes the dog 's teeth back and fourth .	the person puts toothpaste onto a brush and brushes what teeth back and fourth ?	dog
20158	Finally she puts gel in the dog 's mouth and the dog is seen sitting on a bed waving to the camera .	what does finally she put gel in the dog 's mouth and is seen sitting on a bed waving to the camera ?	dog
20159	Two woman are seen performing on a stage with one playing a flute and the other playing the piano .	how many woman are seen performing on the stage with one playing a flute and the other playing the piano ?	two
20165	The small fence was put down the the bikers went bike racing over the big ramps .	what was put down the the bikers went bike racing over the big ramps ?	fence
20168	A man snowboard down a hill holding a stick .	what did the man snowboard down holding a stick ?	hill
20168	A man snowboard down a hill holding a stick .	the man snowboard down a hill holding what ?	stick
20177	The slowly back the boat out to go water skiing .	what out to go water skiing ?	boat
20178	The boat leaves the dock and they 're off .	what leaves the dock and they 're off ?	boat
20178	The boat leaves the dock and they 're off .	what does the boat leave and they 're off ?	dock
20187	One woman talks to the camera while another shows off dance moves .	how many woman talks to the camera while another shows off dance moves ?	one
20190	A blue raft goes down a high waterfall .	what goes down the high waterfall ?	raft
20190	A blue raft goes down a high waterfall .	what is the color of the raft ?	blue
20192	Two men are holding a flute while one blows and the other moves his hands .	what are two men holding ?	flute
20192	Two men are holding a flute while one blows and the other moves his hands .	how many men are holding the flute while one blows and the other moves his hands ?	two
20196	The boats pass with difficulty between the rocks .	what pass with difficulty between the rocks ?	boats
20200	The copyright and logo screen appears on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
20204	A guy is wiping a car tire .	what is the guy wiping ?	tire
20205	A female walks from driver side lightly rubbing a black cloth on the join the guy .	what is the color of the cloth ?	black
20206	The female throws the black cloth on a car directly above the tire the man is cleaning .	what is the color of the cloth ?	black
20207	The man picks up the black cloth , drops the rug on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire .	the man picks up what , drops the rug on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire ?	cloth
20207	The man picks up the black cloth , drops the rug on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire .	the man picks up the black cloth , drops what on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire ?	rug
20207	The man picks up the black cloth , drops the rug on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire .	what is the color of the cloth ?	black
20209	They tie the ribbon onto a wrapped package .	they tie what onto a wrapped package ?	ribbon
20210	They tape the bow they made onto the package .	what do they tape ?	bow
20211	A black screen appears and the white words read `` Nevena & Goran Rodry-Go !	what appears and the white words read `` nevena & goran rodry-go ?	screen
20211	A black screen appears and the white words read `` Nevena & Goran Rodry-Go !	what is the color of the screen ?	black
20211	A black screen appears and the white words read `` Nevena & Goran Rodry-Go !	what is the color of the words ?	white
20216	A man wearing a dark blue shirt and sporting a braid begins playing the bongos .	the man wearing what and sporting a braid begins playing the bongos ?	shirt
20216	A man wearing a dark blue shirt and sporting a braid begins playing the bongos .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
20221	She presents various ingredients that you need to have .	what does she present ?	ingredients
20222	She blends all the juices together into a grinder to make a mixture .	what did she blend together into a grinder to make a mixture ?	juices
20223	She then pours the mixture into a glass and drinks the juice .	she then pours the mixture into a glass and drinks what ?	juice
20233	A woman in a green shirt stands in a kitchen .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
20233	A woman in a green shirt stands in a kitchen .	where does the woman in a green shirt stand . ?	kitchen
20237	A group of people in swim caps are playing volleyball in an outdoor pool , surrounded by a spattering of onlookers , and an upright digital scoreboard .	where are the group of people in swim caps playing volleyball . ?	scoreboard
20238	A person in the front spikes the yellow ball against a blue goal and past a goal blocker in the pool .	what does the person in the front spike against a blue goal and past a goal blocker in the pool ?	ball
20238	A person in the front spikes the yellow ball against a blue goal and past a goal blocker in the pool .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
20238	A person in the front spikes the yellow ball against a blue goal and past a goal blocker in the pool .	what is the color of the goal ?	blue
20239	A person on the far left of the pool throws the ball into the right side of the pool where all of the players swim to follow it .	what does the person on the far left of the pool throw into the right side of the pool ?	ball
20244	A young girl peels potatoes .	what does the young girl peel ?	potatoes
20245	A young boy cuts the potatoes .	what does the young boy cut ?	potatoes
20249	The camera continues to follow him riding around the area galloping around .	what continues to follow him riding around the area galloping around ?	camera
20251	She interviews two twins while running and the news shows off other runners in the area .	how many twins did she interview while running and the news shows off other runners in the area ?	two
20260	An adult gets up and pulls both tires .	an adult gets up and pulls what ?	tires
20263	The camera angles are changing and when we get a close up of the man we can finally see the string he is pulling on .	what are changing and when we get a close up of the man we can finally see the string he is pulling on ?	angles
20263	The camera angles are changing and when we get a close up of the man we can finally see the string he is pulling on .	what are the camera angles changing and we can finally see ?	string
20264	A woman is bathing two white colored puppies in an orange tub filled with water .	what is the woman bathing in an orange tub filled with water ?	puppies
20264	A woman is bathing two white colored puppies in an orange tub filled with water .	how many white colored puppies is the woman bathing in an orange tub filled with water ?	two
20264	A woman is bathing two white colored puppies in an orange tub filled with water .	what is the color of the puppies ?	white
20264	A woman is bathing two white colored puppies in an orange tub filled with water .	what is the color of the tub ?	orange
20268	A man in black shirt wipe the table with white cloth .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
20268	A man in black shirt wipe the table with white cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
20269	The white lights are reflected on the table .	what is the color of the lights ?	white
20270	The man wipe the edge of the table with white rag .	what is the color of the rag ?	white
20271	A boy is jumping rope and doing tricks around in circles .	what is the boy jumping and doing tricks around in circles ?	rope
20272	Then , Another boy is jumping rope as well and swirling it around and he eventually throws his rope .	what is then , another boy jumping as well and swirling it around and he eventually throws his rope ?	rope
20272	Then , Another boy is jumping rope as well and swirling it around and he eventually throws his rope .	what is then , another boy jumping rope as well and swirling it around and he eventually throws ?	rope
20275	A band wearing Scottish kilts plays bagpipes and other instruments in the front University auditorium .	the band wearing what plays bagpipes and other instruments in the front university auditorium ?	kilts
20275	A band wearing Scottish kilts plays bagpipes and other instruments in the front University auditorium .	where is the band wearing scottish kilts plays bagpipes and other instruments . ?	auditorium
20280	She lays down on a black medical chair and the man pierces her ear 's tragus with medical tools .	what is the color of the chair ?	black
20281	The lady looks at herself and her new piercing in the mirror , smiles and gives two thumbs up .	the lady looks at herself and her new piercing in the mirror , smiles and gives how many thumbs up ?	two
20285	A camera captures a net in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping .	what captures the net in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping ?	camera
20285	A camera captures a net in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping .	the camera captures what in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping ?	net
20285	A camera captures a net in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping .	the camera captures a net in front of the sky and shows how many people preparing ropes for bungee jumping ?	two
20286	The camera man jumps off the ledge and shows his feet while spinning around .	what jumps off the ledge and shows his feet while spinning around ?	man
20286	The camera man jumps off the ledge and shows his feet while spinning around .	the camera man jumps off what and shows his feet while spinning around ?	ledge
20287	Another camera captured his jump from the bottom and leads into several people waiting at the bottom and driving away .	what captured his jump from the bottom and leads into several people waiting at the bottom and driving away ?	camera
20288	A young boy in a blue jacket pulls onto a donut snow tube .	what is the color of the jacket ?	blue
20289	Two young kids watch him .	how many young kids watch him ?	two
20296	A couple is seen performing a tango routine with one another in a small room .	where is the couple seen performing a tango routine . ?	room
20299	The women pass condiments to each other .	what do the women pass to each other ?	condiments
20307	A strong young man is standing in a large open green field preparing to throw a shot put .	what is the color of the field ?	green
20309	Another man who is slightly shorter and larger approaches the circle and does the same thing followed by another person .	another man approaches what and does the same thing followed by another person ?	circle
20319	As a timer runs , he solves the puzzle using only one hand .	as the timer runs , he solves the puzzle using how many hand ?	one
20322	Two people carrying their surfboards are climbing on the stairs .	two people carrying what are climbing on the stairs ?	surfboards
20322	Two people carrying their surfboards are climbing on the stairs .	how many people is carrying their surfboards are climbing on the stairs ?	two
20324	A little boy wearing goggles jumps into a pool .	the little boy wearing what jumps into a pool ?	goggles
20327	A line of people pick up a rope .	what do the line of people pick up ?	rope
20329	One side falls over and the crowd cheers .	how many side falls over and the crowd cheers ?	one
20330	A black screen appears with the words , `` Ticas Grooming Purse '' along with their url .	what appears with the words , `` ticas grooming purse '' along with their url ?	screen
20330	A black screen appears with the words , `` Ticas Grooming Purse '' along with their url .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
20331	A dog is then shown hanging from a silver pole with two straps on him .	what is then shown hanging from the silver pole with two straps on him ?	dog
20332	A human then begins grabbing the dogs paws as the little dog tries to bite her .	what then begins grabbing the dogs paws as the little dog tries to bite her ?	human
20333	The grooming continues and then the dog is eventually put back down on the ground .	what does the grooming continue and then is eventually put back down on the ground ?	dog
20334	A man is squatting down in a big open room talking .	where is the man squatting down talking . ?	room
20339	A girl in a pink shirt picks up the ball .	what does the girl in a pink shirt pick up ?	ball
20343	The boat is tied up on the dock and the man is finished for the day .	what is tied up on the dock and the man is finished for the day ?	boat
20345	Two people are then seen moving around the tree decorating as well as turning the lights off .	how many people are then seen moving around the tree decorating as well as turning the lights off ?	two
20351	The man in blue helmet is paddling through the water current .	what is the color of the helmet ?	blue
20352	Two rafts are stuck in running water .	how many rafts are stuck in running water ?	two
20359	A seated man is using a sharpener to sharpen a large knife .	what is the seated man using ?	sharpener
20361	The person is riding a blue single raft .	what is the person riding ?	raft
20361	The person is riding a blue single raft .	what is the color of the raft ?	blue
20365	The group prepares its equipment and then looks at its yurt .	the group prepares what and then looks at its yurt ?	equipment
20370	A girl wearing a white ski jacket runs along the ski slope pulling an orange inner tube .	the girl wearing what runs along the ski slope pulling an orange inner tube ?	jacket
20370	A girl wearing a white ski jacket runs along the ski slope pulling an orange inner tube .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
20370	A girl wearing a white ski jacket runs along the ski slope pulling an orange inner tube .	what is the color of the tube ?	orange
20374	An older black male is standing in the kitchen ironing a dark grey t-shirt .	what is the color of the male ?	black
20374	An older black male is standing in the kitchen ironing a dark grey t-shirt .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	gray
20377	He holds up a coffee cup and turns towards the camera .	he holds up what and turns towards the camera ?	cup
20379	An inflatable ball bounces on the grass as kids watch playing a game .	what bounces on the grass as kids watch playing a game ?	ball
20380	A young boy in blue shirt and jeans retrieves the ball and runs towards the group .	the young boy in blue shirt and jeans retrieves what and runs towards the group ?	ball
20383	Then he puts the stencil on the pumpkin and carves a snow dog into the pumpkin .	then he puts what on the pumpkin and carves a snow dog into the pumpkin ?	stencil
20383	Then he puts the stencil on the pumpkin and carves a snow dog into the pumpkin .	then he puts the stencil on the pumpkin and carves what into the pumpkin ?	dog
20387	She folds the napkin and continues to press it some more .	she folds what and continues to press it some more ?	napkin
20391	The boy then walks the mower down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign .	what does the boy then walk down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign ?	mower
20393	A man wearing a helmet is shown riding a skateboard with a long wooden plan base in various outdoors locations .	the man wearing what is shown riding a skateboard with a long wooden plan base in various outdoors locations ?	helmet
20397	Several other individuals riding other skateboards are shown .	several other individuals riding what are shown ?	skateboards
20403	He uses the tool to properly align the nails before hammering it in .	what does he use ?	tool
20405	Then he uses the alignment tool to show thew difference it makes to hammer a nail into wood when the tool is used .	what does then he use ?	tool
20411	He solves the cube , and shakes hands with the other boys .	he solves what , and shakes hands with the other boys ?	cube
20421	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette .	man is holding what and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette ?	bag
20421	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette .	man is holding a bag and holds what , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette ?	pan
20421	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette .	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab and bend what ?	omelette
20422	A group of people are seen standing around bow and arrows then the camera camera down a long line of people shooting bows .	the group of people are seen and arrows then what down a long line of people shooting bows ?	camera
20425	A red bowl contains a spoon and tuna fish in chunks .	what is the color of the bowl ?	red
20428	A man is rock climbing on a wall next to a rock .	what is the man climbing on a wall next to a rock ?	rock
20430	A camera pans around a lake area and leads into a person climbing into a kayak .	what pans around the lake area and leads into a person climbing into a kayak ?	camera
20433	woman is posing to a camera in a white room .	what is the color of the room ?	white
20438	Then you see her a different purple belly dancing outfit dancing outside .	what is the color of the outfit ?	purple
20439	A man was peeling a potato using a green peeler .	what was the man peeling ?	potato
20439	A man was peeling a potato using a green peeler .	what is the color of the peeler ?	green
20444	A man is sitting in a chair .	where is the man sitting . ?	chair
20448	The first woman is shown again this time washing a large white sheet against the ground using the metal bucket again for the water supply .	what is the color of the sheet ?	white
20457	The man in brown shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	brown
20458	The man placed a tool on the carpet with long pole .	what did the man place on the carpet with long pole ?	tool
20459	The man used the stretcher to flatten the carpet on the floor .	what did the man use ?	stretcher
20470	A team of yellow jerseys rushes onto the ice to congratulate him .	what is the color of the jerseys ?	yellow
20479	A man wearing a hat is seen putting on gloves and starting up a machine in some tall grass .	the man wearing what is seen putting on gloves and starting up a machine in some tall grass ?	hat
20480	The man then moves the machine all along the grass to cut it down .	what does the man then move all along the grass to cut it down ?	machine
20482	A stick is being held from the ground .	what is being held from the ground ?	stick
20483	A man uses the croquette bat to hit a ball , then places it back to the ground .	the man uses what , then places it back to the ground ?	bat
20487	A group of people are in a house .	where are the group of people . ?	house
20488	A man is mopping the floor with a mop .	what is the man mopping with a mop ?	floor
20493	A globe is turning with writing in front of it .	what is turning with writing in front of it ?	globe
20494	A man throws a bowling ball into various pins .	what does the man throw into various pins ?	ball
20495	He bounces it off of trampoline and knocks pins down .	he bounces it off of trampoline and knocks what down ?	pins
20496	The throws a bowling ball off a bridge .	what does the throw off a bridge ?	ball
20497	A woman throws the ball down at pins .	what does the woman throw down at pins ?	ball
20498	A man catches the bowling ball and throws it to pins .	the man catches what and throws it to pins ?	ball
20499	A man bounces it off a car and hits pins .	the man bounces it off a car and hits what ?	pins
20501	A man throws a bowling ball down a slide and a person catches it at the bottom .	what does the man throw down a slide and a person catches it at the bottom ?	ball
20502	A man throws a bowling ball up a hill and it rolls back down and hits pins .	what does the man throw up a hill and it rolls back down and hits pins ?	ball
20502	A man throws a bowling ball up a hill and it rolls back down and hits pins .	what does the man throw a bowling ball up a hill and it rolls back down and hits ?	pins
20503	Two men bounce balls off trampolines to hit pins .	two men bounce what off trampolines to hit pins ?	balls
20503	Two men bounce balls off trampolines to hit pins .	how many men bounce balls off trampolines to hit pins ?	two
20504	A remote control car drives the bowling ball to hit pins .	what drives the bowling ball to hit pins ?	car
20504	A remote control car drives the bowling ball to hit pins .	what does the remote control car drive ?	ball
20505	Two men high five after knocking pins down .	how many men high five after is knocking pins down ?	two
20506	A man standing on top of a building throws a ball down and hits pins .	the man standing on top of a building throws what down and hits pins ?	ball
20506	A man standing on top of a building throws a ball down and hits pins .	the man standing on top of a building throws a ball down and hits what ?	pins
20507	Two dancers dance in the center of the floor where there are n't many people watching .	how many dancers dance in the center of the floor where there are n't many people watching ?	two
20508	They 're both wearing black decor and they 're turning the batons in many different ways and music is playing .	what do they 're both wearing and they 're turning the batons in many different ways and music is playing ?	decor
20508	They 're both wearing black decor and they 're turning the batons in many different ways and music is playing .	what is the color of the decor ?	black
20510	Two boys and two girls compete beer pong while other persons watch .	what do two boys and two girls compete ?	pong
20511	Almost all the balls throw by the boys land in the cups , only one ball is missed .	what throw by the boys land in the cups , only one ball is missed ?	balls
20514	He picks up a torch , and begins welding .	he picks up what , and begins welding ?	torch
20517	Chickens are on the ground behind her .	what are on the ground behind her ?	chickens
20520	A woman is brushing a horse with a brush .	what is the woman brushing with a brush ?	horse
20522	A pocket knife is taken from wooden box and held with a clamp .	what is taken from wooden box and held with a clamp ?	knife
20528	The ball is returned to the field by someone on the sideline .	what is returned to the field by someone on the sideline ?	ball
20535	She gets off the bars and is congratulated by her coach .	she gets off what and is congratulated by her coach ?	bars
20542	Two men are talking on the sidewalk .	how many men are talking on the sidewalk ?	two
20543	An orange fork lift goes by behind them .	what goes by behind them ?	lift
20543	An orange fork lift goes by behind them .	what is the color of the lift ?	orange
20545	The man in the red shirt plays with his hair .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
20546	A man standing in front of orange flowers talks .	what is the color of the flowers ?	orange
20547	A small dog is laying on the ground .	what is laying on the ground ?	dog
20550	Her and the dog are in the shower .	where are her and the dog . ?	shower
20551	She is spraying the dog with water .	what is she spraying with water ?	dog
20552	A bottle is being held up to be shown .	what is being held up to be shown ?	bottle
20553	She dries the dog off with a white towel .	what does she dry off with a white towel ?	dog
20553	She dries the dog off with a white towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
20554	A robot is dancing on the screen .	what is dancing on the screen ?	robot
20557	It ends with the boy close up , and another eating cereal from the top of a staircase .	what does it end with the boy close up , and another eating from the top of a staircase ?	cereal
20559	He is standing near an elevated blue bike with several tools displayed on a wall behind him .	what is the color of the bike ?	blue
20560	He is using an Allen key to lever the bike tire .	what is he using ?	key
20561	He rotates the bike tire and then uses the Allen key to adjust the screws .	he rotates what and then uses the allen key to adjust the screws ?	tire
20561	He rotates the bike tire and then uses the Allen key to adjust the screws .	he rotates the bike tire and then uses what ?	key
20566	The man then puts on a helmet , the bar is let down and he begins jumping over a hill .	what does the man then put on a helmet , is let down and he begins jumping over a hill ?	bar
20569	A woman in white in the background does a high jump .	what is the color of the woman ?	white
20570	A black lady walks past the camera .	what is the color of the lady ?	black
20571	The black lady appears again and adjusts something on the ground .	what is the color of the lady ?	black
20572	A man raises a red flag .	what does the man raise ?	flag
20572	A man raises a red flag .	what is the color of the flag ?	red
20578	The girl begins her baton routine and starts her routine and twirls the batons and her body .	the girl begins what and starts her routine and twirls the batons and her body ?	routine
20580	The girl drops her baton , picks it up and then continues on with her routine .	the girl drops what , picks it up and then continues on with her routine ?	baton
20584	Two dancers engage in a ballroom dance in front of a live band and a full televised audience .	how many dancers engage in the ballroom dance in front of a live band and a full televised audience ?	two
20586	A phone number inviting people to call in and vote for them appears on the screen along with the network logo .	what is inviting people to call in and vote for them appears on the screen along with the network logo ?	number
20589	The woman reaches down and lifts a bar .	the woman reaches down and lifts what ?	bar
20593	She brings the bar back over her head and drops it down to the ground .	she brings what back over her head and drops it down to the ground ?	bar
20596	One last girl attempts to break the pinata in the end .	how many last girl attempts to break the pinata in the end ?	one
20600	A man wearing glasses is seen speaking to the camera in a tattoo shop .	the man wearing what is seen speaking to the camera in a tattoo shop ?	glasses
20607	A man wearing white shirt clean his face while looking a mirror .	the man wearing what clean his face while looking a mirror ?	shirt
20607	A man wearing white shirt clean his face while looking a mirror .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
20608	A biker seated on a bike revs the engine .	the biker seated on a bike revs what ?	engine
20612	He continuously plays the drum while closing his eyes in concentration and ends by hitting his hands faster .	he continuously plays what while closing his eyes in concentration and ends by hitting his hands faster ?	drum
20615	He then sharpens the knife on the machine next to the vegetable and shows how much better it works .	he then sharpens what on the machine next to the vegetable and shows how much better it works ?	knife
20616	A woman folds towels on an ironing board at home .	what does the woman fold on an ironing board at home ?	towels
20617	Different clothing items are seen such as shirts , socks , and ties .	what are seen such as shirts , socks , and ties ?	items
20620	There 's man dressed in a blue shirt and blue shorts shooting darts in a room that has beige walls .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
20620	There 's man dressed in a blue shirt and blue shorts shooting darts in a room that has beige walls .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
20621	He has two darts in his hands which he aims and shoots at a target .	how many darts does he have in his hands which he aims and shoots at a target ?	two
20622	A woman in a black shirt is talking in front of a Christmas tree .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
20624	She places a gold bow on the top of the tree .	what does she place on the top of the tree ?	bow
20625	Three women are talking in front of the tree .	how many women are talking in front of the tree ?	three
20627	Two individuals walk by in the background .	how many individuals walk by in the background ?	two
20628	Another two individuals walk by in the background .	how many individuals walk by in the background ?	two
20632	A camera ia seen showing the outside of a home followed by a girl sitting in a tub .	what seen showing the outside of a home followed by a girl sitting in a tub ?	ia
20637	Then , she puts mascara to her eyelashes , and paint the the lower lid .	then , she puts what to her eyelashes , and paint the the lower lid ?	mascara
20638	After , she brush her cheek and put lipstick on the lips .	after , she brush her cheek and put what on the lips ?	lipstick
20643	The other people smile and wave to the camera while showing off the other tubes .	what are the other people smile and wave to the camera while showing off ?	tubes
20647	They 're shown singing in the car and waiting to get a tattoo down while still speaking to the camera .	where do they 're shown singing and waiting to get a tattoo down while still speaking to the camera . ?	car
20649	An orange rope is tied to a tree and dangling in the wind .	what is tied to the tree and dangling in the wind ?	rope
20649	An orange rope is tied to a tree and dangling in the wind .	what is the color of the rope ?	orange
20653	The man tightens the rope .	what does the man tighten ?	rope
20654	The camera shows the ground .	what shows the ground ?	camera
20656	The camera focuses on water dripping down .	what focuses on water dripping down ?	camera
20659	The camera focuses on the running water again .	what focuses on the running water again ?	camera
20661	Then switches back to the running water .	what do then back to the running water ?	switches
20664	The lady holds the pinata as she hits it .	what does the lady hold ?	pinata
20666	a man in a lab coat uses a swiffer broom .	what does the man in a lab coat use ?	broom
20668	The floor shines as it comes clean beneath his feet .	what shines as it comes clean beneath his feet ?	floor
20671	The man spins the front wheel by hand .	what does the man spin by hand ?	wheel
20676	A man in a blue shirt is standing in front of them running around .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
20682	Two young men arm wrestle in a kitchen using a standing cat chair as an table .	how many young men arm wrestle in the kitchen using a standing cat chair as an table ?	two
20683	A young man in a white tank top places his elbow on a elevated cat chair along with another young man in a black shirt .	what is the color of the top ?	white
20683	A young man in a white tank top places his elbow on a elevated cat chair along with another young man in a black shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
20684	The two young men begin to arm wrestle .	how many young men begin to arm wrestle ?	two
20692	And ending title screen is shown .	what is and ending is shown ?	screen
20696	He adds ice to the glass and pours alcohol in .	he adds ice to the glass and pours what in ?	alcohol
20697	He shakes the drink and pours it into a tall glass .	he shakes what and pours it into a tall glass ?	drink
20703	Then , the man put the rod in a hole and sparks come out , after the man end doing sparkles .	then , the man put what in a hole and sparks come out , after the man end doing sparkles ?	rod
20706	The woman then uses the same tool to remove the tire from the rim .	what does the woman then use ?	tool
20707	The person filming shows an iPhone 's timer at various points to show how long a step should take .	what does the person filming show at various points ?	timer
20708	The tool that removes the tier from the rim is shown and how it works .	what is shown and how it works ?	tool
20712	The man ropes the calf and jumps off the horse to tie him up then walks back to the horse .	the man ropes what and jumps off the horse to tie him up then walks back to the horse ?	calf
20712	The man ropes the calf and jumps off the horse to tie him up then walks back to the horse .	the man ropes the calf and jumps off what then walks back to the horse ?	horse
20714	A woman grabs a vacuum and vacuums the floor .	the woman grabs a vacuum and vacuums what ?	floor
20715	She inserts a tool into the vacuum and vacuums along the baseboards .	what did she insert into the vacuum and vacuums along the baseboards ?	tool
20727	The man finishes and lowers the straight edge tool smiling .	the man finishes and lowers what ?	tool
20728	We see half a cake on a form with a person hand pointing to things .	what do we see on a form with a person hand pointing to things ?	cake
20731	We see a whole globe covered in chocolate .	what do we see covered in chocolate ?	globe
20732	A woman in a red suit is talking behind a desk .	what is the color of the suit ?	red
20735	A man in a blue shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
20736	A woman in a black shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
20742	The cars drive by and the scene ends .	what drive by and the scene ends ?	cars
20746	A scoreboard is seen with the results of the competition .	what is seen with the results of the competition ?	scoreboard
20752	A toy bear wearing red and white overalls pours a cup of coffee into a yellow coffee cup .	what is wearing red and white overalls pours a cup of coffee into a yellow coffee cup ?	bear
20752	A toy bear wearing red and white overalls pours a cup of coffee into a yellow coffee cup .	what is the color of the cup ?	yellow
20753	The camera man zooms in on the toy bear from a side view to a front view .	what zooms in on the toy bear from a side view to a front view ?	man
20754	The camera man pans out and moves to a side view of the toy bear and zooms out .	what pans out and moves to the side view of the toy bear and zooms out ?	man
20755	There 's a girl wearing a brown Cheers shirt doing a demonstration on how to paint her nails .	there 's a girl wearing what doing a demonstration on how to paint her nails ?	shirt
20755	There 's a girl wearing a brown Cheers shirt doing a demonstration on how to paint her nails .	what is the color of the shirt ?	brown
20759	She talks in the camera as two boys stand behind her trying to participating in the video tutorial .	she talks in the camera as how many boys stand behind her trying to participating in the video tutorial ?	two
20759	She talks in the camera as two boys stand behind her trying to participating in the video tutorial .	where does she talk as two boys stand behind her trying to participating in the video tutorial . ?	camera
20773	Two men stands on front a tall hedge holding trimmers .	how many men stands on front a tall hedge holding trimmers ?	two
20775	Leaves falls from the top of the hedge .	what falls from the top of the hedge ?	leaves
20776	Two people are standing face to face under a spotlight .	how many people are standing face to face under a spotlight ?	two
20777	The man wearing a black and white suit simulates a slap to the woman wearing a dress on the right .	the man wearing what simulates a slap to the woman wearing a dress on the right ?	suit
20778	The three continue to dance until the man in the black tank top picks the woman up and throws her to the ground and leaves the dance floor .	the three continue and leaves what ?	floor
20778	The three continue to dance until the man in the black tank top picks the woman up and throws her to the ground and leaves the dance floor .	what is the color of the top ?	black
20780	A white intro screen appears and red letters in a foreign language appear flashing on the screen .	what appears and red letters in a foreign language appear flashing on the screen ?	screen
20780	A white intro screen appears and red letters in a foreign language appear flashing on the screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
20780	A white intro screen appears and red letters in a foreign language appear flashing on the screen .	what is the color of the letters ?	red
20781	A white bowl filled with water and 3 potatoes appear in one bowl , and ice cubes are in another white bowl .	what filled with water and 3 potatoes appear in one bowl , and ice cubes are in another white bowl ?	bowl
20781	A white bowl filled with water and 3 potatoes appear in one bowl , and ice cubes are in another white bowl .	the white bowl filled with water and 3 potatoes appear in one bowl , and what are in another white bowl ?	cubes
20781	A white bowl filled with water and 3 potatoes appear in one bowl , and ice cubes are in another white bowl .	what is the color of the bowl ?	white
20781	A white bowl filled with water and 3 potatoes appear in one bowl , and ice cubes are in another white bowl .	what is the color of the bowl ?	white
20782	A hand then grabs the top potato , the bowl of ice cubes and pours the cubes into a bigger white bowl that already has water in it .	the hand then grabs the top potato , the bowl of ice cubes and pours what into a bigger white bowl that already has water in it ?	cubes
20782	A hand then grabs the top potato , the bowl of ice cubes and pours the cubes into a bigger white bowl that already has water in it .	what is the color of the bowl ?	white
20783	The white outro screen appears and more foreign red letters appear .	what appears and more foreign red letters appear ?	screen
20783	The white outro screen appears and more foreign red letters appear .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
20785	Jesse the dog runs and catches Frisbee .	what does jesse run and catches frisbee ?	dog
20786	We see Jesse close up in the camera .	where do we see jesse close up . ?	camera
20788	We see five still shots of Jesse jumping in the air .	how many still shots do we see of jesse jumping in the air ?	five
20790	We see the end credits on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
20793	She drops the barbell to the ground .	what does she drop to the ground ?	barbell
20796	The man picks up an orange packet from the table and later a smaller yellow packet and an orange device , all while talking .	what is the color of the packet ?	orange
20796	The man picks up an orange packet from the table and later a smaller yellow packet and an orange device , all while talking .	what is the color of the device ?	orange
20798	A person picks up a paint brush and can of varnish on an outside lawn .	the person picks up what and can of varnish on an outside lawn ?	brush
20799	The person paints a coat various boards leaning up against an exterior wall of home .	what does the person paint a coat leaning up against an exterior wall of home ?	boards
20801	A person goes over the water fall in a green kayak .	what is the color of the kayak ?	green
20804	They crack a nut and put that into the bowl .	they crack what and put that into the bowl ?	nut
20805	They crack another nut over a black tray .	what is the color of the tray ?	black
20807	dog is walking behind th woman .	what is walking behind th woman ?	dog
20809	Three girls are seen standing behind a counter speaking to the camera with one spreading butter around a pan .	how many girls are seen standing behind the counter speaking to the camera with one spreading butter around a pan ?	three
20810	Another mixes ingredients into a bowl with another girl 's help and the girls lick the spoon used afterwards .	what does another mix into a bowl with another girl 's help and the girls lick the spoon used afterwards ?	ingredients
20810	Another mixes ingredients into a bowl with another girl 's help and the girls lick the spoon used afterwards .	what does another mix ingredients into a bowl with another girl 's help and the girls lick used afterwards ?	spoon
20812	Frosting is then seen all over the cake and the girl 's spread it around and serve pieces onto a plate , followed by them eating on in a living room .	what is frosting then seen all over the cake and the girl 's spread it around and serve onto a plate , followed by them eating on in a living room ?	pieces
20813	A large exercise machine is shown .	what is exercise shown ?	machine
20815	A car is seen sitting inside a car wash on a security camera with rags moving up and down the vehicle .	what is seen sitting inside the car wash on a security camera with rags moving up and down the vehicle ?	car
20819	Two people are cooking in pans on the oven .	how many people are cooking in pans on the oven ?	two
20820	Two plates of food are on the counter .	how many plates of food are on the counter ?	two
20822	There 's a man in a red shirt and brown hat blowing leaves off his driveway with a leaf blower .	what does there 's a man in a red shirt and leaves off his driveway with a leaf blower ?	blowing
20822	There 's a man in a red shirt and brown hat blowing leaves off his driveway with a leaf blower .	what does there 's a man in a red shirt and brown hat blowing leaves off with a leaf blower ?	driveway
20822	There 's a man in a red shirt and brown hat blowing leaves off his driveway with a leaf blower .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
20822	There 's a man in a red shirt and brown hat blowing leaves off his driveway with a leaf blower .	what is the color of the blowing ?	brown
20824	Then he moves towards where his white van is parked .	what is the color of the van ?	white
20827	There 's a woman in a pink dress sitting with a man in a gray shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
20838	Another man is shown in a red outfit performing the same feat with the paddle along with yet another man in a green shirt .	what is the color of the outfit ?	red
20838	Another man is shown in a red outfit performing the same feat with the paddle along with yet another man in a green shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
20840	One man beats the other and the two hold up their arms to cheer and everybody celebrates .	how many man beats the other and the two hold up their arms to cheer and everybody celebrates ?	one
20841	One man in the audience looks disappointing and the winner holds up a boy .	how many man in the audience looks disappointing ?	one
20845	A female ballet dancer is in a studio room by herself wearing a purple leotard with a skirt attached to it .	what is the color of the leotard ?	purple
20845	A female ballet dancer is in a studio room by herself wearing a purple leotard with a skirt attached to it .	where is the female ballet dancer . ?	room
20850	Cars are passing by and he just continues to drum like it 's normal .	what are passing by and he just continues to drum like it 's normal ?	cars
20855	Film strips appear to roll across the screen .	what appear to roll across the screen ?	strips
20856	A man is using a telescoping pole by the side of a building .	what is the man using by the side of a building ?	pole
20860	A boat is floating on the water .	what is floating on the water ?	boat
20862	The camera is scanning the boat .	what is scanning the boat ?	camera
20862	The camera is scanning the boat .	what is the camera scanning ?	boat
20863	Two women are sitting on the boat , one is poking the other .	how many women are sitting on the boat ?	two
20866	A woman is driving the boat while the other woman is boarding behind her .	what is the woman driving ?	boat
20870	The man in red jacket is skiing on the slope .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
20877	The man gets up and grabs the camera .	the man gets up and grabs what ?	camera
20878	People are flying kites on grass .	what are people flying on grass ?	kites
20879	The kites are shown in the sky .	what are shown in the sky ?	kites
20880	A woman is holding a purple umbrella .	what is the woman holding ?	umbrella
20880	A woman is holding a purple umbrella .	what is the color of the umbrella ?	purple
20882	A white plate is sitting on a white table in a kitchen .	what is sitting on the white table in a kitchen ?	plate
20882	A white plate is sitting on a white table in a kitchen .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
20882	A white plate is sitting on a white table in a kitchen .	what is the color of the table ?	white
20883	A child places turkey slices on two pieces of white bread , then adds a slice of cheese .	what does the child place on two pieces of white bread , then adds a slice of cheese ?	slices
20883	A child places turkey slices on two pieces of white bread , then adds a slice of cheese .	what is the color of the bread ?	white
20886	Two women are on a court with jump ropes .	how many women are on the court with jump ropes ?	two
20890	The two present to be one gymnast on a bar and end with them jumping off with their arms up .	how many gymnast do the two present to be on a bar and end with them jumping off with their arms up ?	one
20899	The child then grabs a spoon and continues to use his hands to eat .	the child then grabs what and continues to use his hands to eat ?	spoon
20902	She dries off the mask and continues speaking while smiling to the camera .	she dries off what and continues speaking while smiling to the camera ?	mask
20905	He uses his phone as another person arrives , then videos others shooting down the passageway .	what does he use , then videos others shooting down the passageway ?	phone
20906	People are riding spin bikes in a gym .	what are people riding in a gym ?	bicycles
20906	People are riding spin bikes in a gym .	where are people riding spin bikes . ?	gym
20907	Two women are working out on exercise bikes .	how many women are working out on exercise bikes ?	two
20908	Yellow words come on the screen .	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
20911	The screen shows Transworld Snowboarding at Keystone , Colorado .	what shows transworld snowboarding at keystone , colorado ?	screen
20913	A person wearing a green hoodie and a hat is talking about the essentials required for snowboarding .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	green
20921	Then uses a scraper to scrape the wax off and clean the board .	what does then use ?	scraper
20923	A person in a furniture store is talking about popular furniture made from reclaimed wood .	where is the person talking about popular furniture made from reclaimed wood . ?	store
20928	The man drills the cabinets apart and wipes and paints them .	what does the man drill apart and wipes and paints them ?	cabinets
20932	We see the end credits on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
20934	The company representative is putting together the bike parts piece by piece .	what is the company representative putting together by piece ?	piece
20937	After that he fixes the handles of the bike with black rubber tops .	what is the color of the tops ?	black
20943	A man in a bare studio showcases a series of martial arts moves by himself in front of a camera .	where does the man showcases a series of martial arts moves by himself in front of a camera . ?	studio
20944	A man appears in a white t-shirt and black pants , barefoot and begins to showcase martial arts moves .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	white
20944	A man appears in a white t-shirt and black pants , barefoot and begins to showcase martial arts moves .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
20956	A man with a red jacket and grey pants is walking across a slack line in the middle of the mountains .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
20956	A man with a red jacket and grey pants is walking across a slack line in the middle of the mountains .	what is the color of the pants ?	gray
20959	Two side by side videos are shown of a man in slow motion playing frisbee and doing tricks with a dog .	how many side by side videos are shown of a man in slow motion playing frisbee and doing tricks with a dog ?	two
20961	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
20964	The lady puts water on a black sharpener block .	what is the color of the block ?	black
20965	The lady then sharpens the knife .	what does the lady then sharpen ?	knife
20967	Then back to the black block .	what is the color of the block ?	black
20968	We see a closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
20973	A person adds browned leafs to the campfire .	what does the person add to the campfire ?	leafs
20974	A person uses a stick to move the leaves inside the fire .	what does the person use ?	stick
20977	Two people are fighting on the ground .	how many people are fighting on the ground ?	two
20980	A person goes windsurfing on a lime green board in a body of water .	what is the color of the board ?	green
20988	Now there are four men visible and they all begin to fish out of the ice pond .	how many men are now there visible ?	four
20989	Eventually , a man grabs a chair and starts fishing and taking his fish off of his line .	eventually , the man grabs what and starts fishing and taking his fish off of his line ?	chair
20994	Several more clips are shown of the person performing grinds with roller blades as well as other flips and tricks .	what are shown of the person performing grinds with roller blades as well as other flips and tricks ?	clips
21011	Three men are applying plaster to the ceiling of an unfinished room while another man watches .	how many men are applying plaster to the ceiling of an unfinished room while another man watches ?	three
21012	One of the men climbs a ladder to reach the ceiling .	what does one of the men climb ?	ladder
21013	One man performs a short dance .	how many man performs the short dance ?	one
21014	The camera moves to reveal that the man dancing and another one of the men are using stilts to reach the ceiling .	what moves to reveal that the man dancing and another one of the men are using stilts to reach the ceiling ?	camera
21017	We watch the boy in the white shirt score a goal .	what is the color of the score ?	white
21019	We see the boy in white score a goal and his Teammates hug him .	what is the color of the score ?	white
21020	3:10 The white ream number 10 scores and a teammate gives him a high five .	what is the color of the number ?	white
21022	A salon artist appears , and his tools are shown on a table .	what appears , and his tools are shown on a table ?	artist
21022	A salon artist appears , and his tools are shown on a table .	what does the salon artist appear , and are shown on a table ?	tools
21025	A man is using a leaf blower to blow the leaves off the grass .	what is the man using ?	blower
21026	A car drives by on the road at a decent speed .	what drives by on the road at a decent speed ?	car
21028	The leaves are all falling on the road making the grass look so much better .	what are all falling on the road making the grass look so much better ?	leaves
21035	Outside in a bucket there is some wood and someone come out and starts to blow something on it .	where is outside there some wood and someone come out and starts to blow something on it . ?	bucket
21042	A woman is wearing a white robe and a black belt .	what is the color of the robe ?	white
21042	A woman is wearing a white robe and a black belt .	what is the color of the belt ?	black
21043	She does karate moves in her room .	where does she do karate moves . ?	room
21046	A man in a white lab coat is seen talking to the camera and showing various tools in a laboratory .	what is the color of the coat ?	white
21046	A man in a white lab coat is seen talking to the camera and showing various tools in a laboratory .	where is the man in a white lab coat seen talking to the camera and showing various tools . ?	laboratory
21047	Towel are seen sitting in a sink and the man shows the proper hand washing tools .	towel are seen and the man shows the proper hand washing what ?	tools
21047	Towel are seen sitting in a sink and the man shows the proper hand washing tools .	where are towel seen sitting and the man shows the proper hand washing tools . ?	sink
21053	Coffee is poured into a white mug .	what is the color of the mug ?	white
21054	Coffee beans are spilling on each other .	what are spilling on each other ?	beans
21055	We see people making coffee in a coffee shop .	where do we see people making coffee . ?	shop
21056	A woman in a black shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
21058	They begin to attempt to chop the wood , but have trouble getting the axe out at first .	they begin , but have trouble getting what out at first ?	axe
21059	A woman finally gets the axe out and they start chopping the wood .	what does the woman finally get out and they start chopping the wood ?	axe
21060	The camera pans around to the spectators as a woman in a bandanna successfully chops the wood and takes a bow .	what pans around to the spectators as a woman in a bandanna successfully chops the wood and takes a bow ?	camera
21064	The person blows the leaves from a driveway using an electric blower .	what does the person blow from a driveway using an electric blower ?	leaves
21065	The person blows the leaves from a grass area using the blower .	what did the person blow from a grass area ?	leaves
21066	The blower is seen up close with different attachments and settings featured .	what is seen up close with different attachments and settings featured ?	blower
21069	a man wearing an apron is laughing over a table .	the man wearing what is laughing over a table ?	apron
21072	He creates an omelette , then plates it .	he creates what , then plates it ?	omelette
21074	One team attempts to serve and it crashes into the net .	how many team attempts to serve ?	one
21076	People rides bumper cars in a carnival .	what did people rid in a carnival ?	cars
21077	An old man rides a small bumper car .	what does an old man rid ?	car
21080	A girl and a man are practicing boxing in a gym .	where are the girl and a man practicing boxing . ?	gym
21081	There is a punching bag swinging in the background .	what is there swinging in the background ?	bag
21087	A man wearing a hat is talking on a stage .	the man wearing what is talking on a stage ?	hat
21089	The woman lights a hula hoop on fire , dancing with the hoop .	what did the woman light on fire , ?	hoop
21090	A boy puts together a rubix cube and excitedly drops it .	the boy puts together what and excitedly drops it ?	cube
21094	Screens begin to appear with white words on them describing events that are about to take place .	what begin to appear with white words on them describing events that are about to take place ?	screens
21094	Screens begin to appear with white words on them describing events that are about to take place .	what is the color of the words ?	white
21096	Another black screen appears and a different person tries to do the jump but he too hits the pole .	what appears and the different person tries to do the jump but he too hits the pole ?	screen
21096	Another black screen appears and a different person tries to do the jump but he too hits the pole .	what does another black screen appear and a different person tries but he too hits ?	pole
21096	Another black screen appears and a different person tries to do the jump but he too hits the pole .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
21098	A woman is talking to the camera while standing against a white background .	what is the color of the background ?	white
21099	She holds up a hula hoop while she talks .	what does she hold up ?	hoop
21102	The camera zooms in to show people swimming in the pool and some playing volleyball in the pool .	what zooms in to show people swimming in the pool and some playing volleyball in the pool ?	camera
21103	One person gets out of the pool and walks away .	how many person gets out of the pool and walks away ?	one
21105	People throw the balls so far that they go out of the pool .	what do people throw so far that they go out of the pool ?	balls
21108	The man then walks around and blows the leaves off still wearing the funny outfit .	the man then walks around and blows what off still ?	leaves
21113	There are people flying kites collectively in a huge parking lot where several cars and mini vans are parked .	there are people flying what collectively in a huge parking lot where several cars and mini vans are parked ?	kites
21114	There 's a man in a blue striped shirt standing with another man in a brown shirt , both getting ready to fly their orange kite .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
21114	There 's a man in a blue striped shirt standing with another man in a brown shirt , both getting ready to fly their orange kite .	what is the color of the shirt ?	brown
21114	There 's a man in a blue striped shirt standing with another man in a brown shirt , both getting ready to fly their orange kite .	what is the color of the kite ?	orange
21116	Two boys are polishing shoes with brushes .	how many boys are polishing shoes with brushes ?	two
21117	Then , one boy takes a shoe up to play .	how many boy does then , take the shoe up to play ?	one
21120	Two men are on an indoor racquetball court .	how many men are on an indoor racquetball court ?	two
21121	They hit the ball back and forth against the wall .	what did they hit back and forth against the wall ?	ball
21122	They pick the ball up and continue competing .	they pick what up and continue competing ?	ball
21123	man wearing black shorts is running on race track and make a javelin throw .	man wearing what is running on race track and make a javelin throw ?	shorts
21123	man wearing black shorts is running on race track and make a javelin throw .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
21125	man is standing in a dusty diamond behind green net .	what is the color of the net ?	green
21126	thee men are standing next to a green net watching the javelin throw .	what is the color of the net ?	green
21127	referees wearing green shirts are standing on the field .	referees wearing what are standing on the field ?	shirts
21127	referees wearing green shirts are standing on the field .	what is the color of the shirts ?	green
21129	woman is mixing ingredients ni a kitchen aid and making balls and putnig them in a pan and on the oven .	what is woman mixing and making and putnig them in a pan and on the oven ?	balls
21133	A woman is seen spinning two hoops around her hands while looking back to the camera and speaking .	how many hoops is the woman seen spinning around her hands while looking back to the camera and speaking ?	two
21135	A group of spectators are gathered in a gym .	where are the group of spectators gathered . ?	gym
21138	A person with long hair shows a rubik 's cube .	what does the person with long hair show ?	cube
21157	A man is seen sitting in a kayak while speaking to the camera and holding a paddle .	where is the man seen sitting while speaking to the camera and holding a paddle . ?	kayak
21163	Four girls are shown looking into the camera .	how many girls are shown looking into the camera ?	four
21170	A man in yellow skis down a slope .	what is the color of the skis ?	yellow
21173	Lithuanian Zinaida Sendriute throws the discus 64 meters to lead out for her third throw , waving to the camera as she walks off .	how many meters does lithuanian zinaida sendriute throw to lead out for her third throw , waving to the camera as she walks off ?	64
21174	Cuban Yarelis Barrios is next and unleashes a mighty 67 meter toss with a thunderous scream .	cuban yarelis barrios is next and unleashes how many meter toss with a thunderous scream ?	67
21178	The man grabs a flag and walks around the arena .	the man grabs what and walks around the arena ?	flag
21179	A large screen is shown followed by a band playing on stage .	what is shown followed by the band playing on stage ?	screen
21180	A man wearing a mickey costume and playing the drums .	the man wearing what and playing the drums ?	costume
21180	A man wearing a mickey costume and playing the drums .	the man wearing a mickey costume and playing what ?	drums
21182	woman is standing in kitchen talking to the camera and showing ingredients that are on top of a counter .	where is woman standing talking to the camera and showing ingredients that are on top of a counter . ?	kitchen
21183	woman holds a lemon and squeeze it in a plastic water jar and mix it with sugar .	woman holds what and squeeze it in a plastic water jar and mix it with sugar ?	lemon
21184	woman holds a knife and chop the lemons in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries .	woman holds what and chop the lemons in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries ?	knife
21184	woman holds a knife and chop the lemons in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries .	woman holds a knife and chop what in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries ?	lemons
21189	He is rapidly playing the drums in front of him .	what is he rapidly playing in front of him ?	drums
21198	A camera shows a young child walking up a playground set with a dog wandering in the back .	what shows the young child walking up a playground set with a dog wandering in the back ?	camera
21209	The man throws the rope onto a calf and jumps off the horse .	the man throws what onto a calf and jumps off the horse ?	rope
21209	The man throws the rope onto a calf and jumps off the horse .	the man throws the rope onto a calf and jumps off what ?	horse
21210	He ties up the calf and ends by running back to the horse .	he ties up what and ends by running back to the horse ?	calf
21211	Several men from different places are outside on a large field playing cricket .	what are several men from different places outside on a large field playing ?	cricket
21212	Men come to the middle of the field and stand around a small rectangle and begin hitting the ball extremely far .	men come to the middle of the field and stand around what and begin hitting the ball extremely far ?	rectangle
21223	A boy in a yellow shirt walks towards the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
21232	He is playing a large drum set while wearing headphones .	what is he playing set while wearing headphones ?	drum
21237	A production graphic is shown along with a link for more media .	what is production shown along with a link for more media ?	graphic
21239	The man is now wearing sunglasses while playing , grooving to the music .	what is the man now wearing ?	sunglasses
21241	Another window displaying the performer is shown in the corner of the video .	what is displaying the performer is shown in the corner of the video ?	window
21243	An official lifts a cup to reveal a rubiks cube that the same man then solves .	what does an official lift ?	cup
21244	A young man wearing a beige shirt solves a cube and presses his hands to his face before standing up .	the young man wearing what solves a cube and presses his hands to his face before standing up ?	shirt
21244	A young man wearing a beige shirt solves a cube and presses his hands to his face before standing up .	what is the young man wearing a beige shirt solves and presses his hands to his face before standing up ?	cube
21245	An official removes a piece of paper from on top of a cube as the young man in the black sweatshirt solves another cube .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	black
21246	The young man solves two more cubes in front of an official before moving to get up .	how many more cubes does the young man solve in front of an official before moving to get up ?	two
21247	snowy mountain range is shown and people are doing snowboarding .	what is shown and people are doing snowboarding ?	range
21248	helicopter is in the air landing in a mountain leaving people in the top of the mountain .	what is in the air landing in a mountain leaving people in the top of the mountain ?	helicopter
21251	peolpe inside the helicopter are talking and puting the winter clothes and talking to the camera .	what are peolpe inside the helicopter talking and puting and talking to the camera ?	clothes
21257	The man then moves the ladder down the length of the wall to continue trimming the foliage .	what does the man then move down the length of the wall to continue trimming the foliage ?	ladder
21260	Two ballroom dances are shown performing a routine in a large auditorium .	what are shown performing the routine in a large auditorium ?	dances
21260	Two ballroom dances are shown performing a routine in a large auditorium .	how many ballroom dances are shown performing the routine in a large auditorium ?	two
21260	Two ballroom dances are shown performing a routine in a large auditorium .	where are two ballroom dances shown performing a routine . ?	auditorium
21263	The couple does one last spin and eventually takes a bow .	the couple does one last spin and eventually takes what ?	bow
21263	The couple does one last spin and eventually takes a bow .	the couple does how many last spin and eventually takes a bow ?	one
21268	A young boy wearing striped shirt in a gym lifts a weight bar over his head .	the young boy wearing what in a gym lifts a weight bar over his head ?	shirt
21269	A young man in blue shorts lifts a weight bar over his head in a crowded gym .	what does the young man in blue shorts lift over his head in a crowded gym ?	bar
21269	A young man in blue shorts lifts a weight bar over his head in a crowded gym .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
21270	Professional athletes in competitions lift large heavily weighted bars overhead for judging .	what do professional athletes in competitions lift large heavily overhead for judging ?	bars
21276	The camera follows around a woman he can not seem to move the car and others on the side instruct her on how to drive as others crash into her .	what follows around the woman he can not seem to move the car and others on the side instruct her on how to drive as others crash into her ?	camera
21279	A kid spreads peanut butter in two slices of bread .	what does the kid spread in two slices of bread ?	butter
21282	A man services a tennis ball across the court .	what does the man service across the court ?	ball
21286	We see the title screen on a red background .	what is the color of the background ?	red
21290	We then see a lady in a blue shirt talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
21291	A lady in a backpack talks to the camera .	where does the lady talk to the camera . ?	backpack
21292	We then see the ending screen and black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
21293	A shop attendant holds up the hula hoop and shows how to grip it .	what holds up the hula hoop and shows how to grip it ?	attendant
21293	A shop attendant holds up the hula hoop and shows how to grip it .	the shop attendant holds up what and shows how to grip it ?	hoop
21294	The woman drops the hoop and lets it spin around her body to the ground .	the woman drops what and lets it spin around her body to the ground ?	hoop
21295	The woman drops the hula hoop and lets it spin around her body then catches it .	the woman drops what and lets it spin around her body then catches it ?	hoop
21297	The woman catches the spinning hula hoop as it falls between her legs .	what does the woman catch ?	hoop
21298	The woman spins the hoop upwards around her body .	what does the woman spin around her body ?	upwards
21304	A man walks and sweeps a floor walking to the left of the room pushing the wide broom in front of him .	what does the man walk and sweeps walking to the left of the room pushing the wide broom in front of him ?	floor
21306	The man then finishes sweeping , lleans the broom in the corner of the room and stands against the wall in front of a window .	the man then finishes sweeping , lleans what in the corner of the room and stands against the wall in front of a window ?	broom
21307	A young child is seen standing ready holding a pole and then runs down a long track and throws the pole .	the young child is seen and then runs down a long track and throws what ?	pole
21309	Finally one last boy steps up to the track to throw the javelin and then walks back to the others .	finally how many last boy steps up to the track to throw the javelin and then walks back to the others ?	one
21312	One character loses the game and then disappears .	how many character loses the game and then disappears ?	one
21320	The little girl falls and drops the leash .	what does the little girl fall and drops ?	leash
21321	The little girl then follows the dog to get the leash .	what does the little girl then follow ?	dog
21322	She gets the leash and walks the dog .	she gets what and walks the dog ?	leash
21322	She gets the leash and walks the dog .	she gets the leash and walks what ?	dog
21323	A woman plays the drums and sings on stage .	the woman plays what and sings on stage ?	drums
21324	The camera pulls back on the scene .	what pulls back on the scene ?	camera
21326	We see a green title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21326	We see a green title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	green
21327	A lady in a bathroom talks to the camera .	where does the lady talk to the camera . ?	bathroom
21330	A window cleaning commercial demonstrates all the materials and techniques need to clean a house window .	what does cleaning demonstrate all the materials and techniques need to clean a house window ?	commercial
21333	A person cleans a window using all of the tools , including removing screens to clean them and removing stickers on windows .	what does the person clean using all of the tools , including removing screens to clean them and removing stickers on windows ?	window
21334	We see an intro screen with arrows .	what do we see with arrows ?	screen
21337	The lady grabs a noodle to show how it should look when cooked .	what does the lady grab ?	noodle
21338	The lady drains the water , adds sauce , and adds some of the cook water .	the lady drains the water , adds what , and adds some of the cook water ?	sauce
21340	We then see the black credits rolling .	what is the color of the credits ?	black
21342	The man boils milk and adds fresh vanilla and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients .	the man boils what and adds fresh vanilla and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients ?	milk
21342	The man boils milk and adds fresh vanilla and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients .	the man boils milk and adds what and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients ?	vanilla
21343	The man cooks the custard and pours into a bowl and freezes to make ice cream .	the man cooks what and pours into a bowl and freezes to make ice cream ?	custard
21347	Several clips are shown of various people fencing with one another .	what are shown of various people fencing with one another ?	clips
21354	We enter a room and see a boy putting a shirt on an ironing board .	we enter what and see a boy putting a shirt on an ironing board ?	room
21356	The little boy irons a gray shirt and sits the iron on the board next to it .	the little boy irons what and sits the iron on the board next to it ?	shirt
21356	The little boy irons a gray shirt and sits the iron on the board next to it .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
21358	The boy shows two fingers and walks around the room with the iron .	the boy shows how many fingers and walks around the room with the iron ?	two
21362	The man holding the camera turns and climbs the ladder and stands on the rooftop .	the man holding what turns and climbs the ladder and stands on the rooftop ?	camera
21362	The man holding the camera turns and climbs the ladder and stands on the rooftop .	what is the man holding the camera turns and climbs and stands on the rooftop ?	ladder
21363	The man turns the camera on himself and continues to talk .	the man turns what on himself and continues to talk ?	camera
21365	The two friends are pushed down the hill and they slide to the bottom .	how many friends are pushed down the hill ?	two
21366	The two friends are stopped by rubber mats at the bottom of the hill .	how many friends are stopped by rubber mats at the bottom of the hill ?	two
21371	A little girl is crossing the monkey bars .	what is the little girl crossing ?	bars
21377	Two white pegs are shown in the wall with a red bed on the side and someone hitting it with a large block of wood .	what are shown in the wall with a red bed on the side and someone hitting it with a large block of wood ?	pegs
21377	Two white pegs are shown in the wall with a red bed on the side and someone hitting it with a large block of wood .	how many white pegs are shown in the wall with a red bed on the side and someone hitting it with a large block of wood ?	two
21377	Two white pegs are shown in the wall with a red bed on the side and someone hitting it with a large block of wood .	what is the color of the pegs ?	white
21377	Two white pegs are shown in the wall with a red bed on the side and someone hitting it with a large block of wood .	what is the color of the bed ?	red
21378	Another angle is shown and the person takes 21 shots at the balls .	what is shown and the person takes 21 shots at the balls ?	angle
21378	Another angle is shown and the person takes 21 shots at the balls .	how many shots does the person take at the balls ?	21
21379	For the 22nd shot , a man is standing in a large field of white pegs and begins to hit all three balls at the same time in different directions .	for the 22nd shot , a man is standing in a large field of white pegs and begins to hit how many balls at the same time in different directions ?	three
21379	For the 22nd shot , a man is standing in a large field of white pegs and begins to hit all three balls at the same time in different directions .	what is the color of the pegs ?	white
21386	Two men film themselves in an arm wrestling match that someone asked them to make .	how many men film themselves in an arm wrestling match that someone asked them to make ?	two
21387	One man sets up the camera to film the match .	how many man sets up the camera to film the match ?	one
21389	The two men arm wrestle as the make jokes and laugh while doing it .	how many men arm wrestle as the make jokes and laugh while doing it ?	two
21390	One man gives up and both of the men talk and laugh about the match .	how many man gives up ?	one
21391	One man grunts and throws his hands up in victory .	how many man grunts and throws his hands up in victory ?	one
21396	the ball hits a woman for the red team and people run to her .	what hits the woman for the red team and people run to her ?	ball
21396	the ball hits a woman for the red team and people run to her .	what is the color of the team ?	red
21397	People are standing in a swimming pool .	where are people standing . ?	pool
21399	A woman throws the ball into the net and it 's caught by the goalie .	what does the woman throw into the net and it 's caught by the goalie ?	ball
21401	Finally , the tree comes down and the man begins to hit the tree with the ax .	what does finally , come down and the man begins to hit the tree with the ax ?	tree
21404	The track opens again and they start another race .	what opens again and they start another race ?	track
21405	Two bikers are dancing around before getting back on their bikes to get back on the track for another little race .	how many bikers are dancing around before getting back on their bikes to get back on the track for another little race ?	two
21406	A foreman wear blue colored gloves before he begins welding metal .	what do the foreman wear ?	gloves
21406	A foreman wear blue colored gloves before he begins welding metal .	what is the color of the gloves ?	blue
21409	Then switches off the welding torch and puts the equipment away .	then switches off welding what and puts the equipment away ?	torch
21409	Then switches off the welding torch and puts the equipment away .	then switches off the welding torch and puts what away ?	equipment
21418	A pink slide appears advising that the a person is not good at applying contact lenses .	what appears advising that the a person is not good at applying contact lenses ?	slide
21419	Three people are walking on a bridge on a lagoon .	how many people are walking on the bridge on a lagoon ?	three
21427	People are in a boat while a person is attached to the back and waterboarding .	where are people while a person is attached to the back and waterboarding . ?	boat
21428	As a large splash of water flies into the air white words appear in the middle of the screen that say `` Wipeout Bay of Plenty '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
21431	The child puts purple gloves on .	what does the child put on ?	gloves
21431	The child puts purple gloves on .	what is the color of the gloves ?	purple
21434	The man puts on his shoes and ties the laces .	the man puts on his shoes and ties what ?	laces
21436	Three men are presenting an instructional video for Slikhaar Studios .	how many men are presenting an instructional video for slikhaar studios ?	three
21437	The man in the center is demonstrating a hairstyle on the person wearing the blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
21438	The man in the blue shirt sits on the chair next to the sink .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
21442	He uses an electric clipper to groom the sideburns and the temples .	what does he use ?	clipper
21453	A grey bunny is standing on a bed on a black towel eating something in his hand .	what is the color of the bunny ?	gray
21453	A grey bunny is standing on a bed on a black towel eating something in his hand .	what is the color of the towel ?	black
21457	He then uses the tools on bushes nearby while still looking to the camera to speak .	what does he then use on bushes nearby while ?	tools
21465	People are driving a car with rafts on the back .	what are people driving with rafts on the back ?	car
21474	We see an opening white screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21474	We see an opening white screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
21477	The men then adjusts the bake lever again .	what does the men then adjust again ?	lever
21479	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21481	black dog is standing in a living oom licking water from a cup .	what is standing in the living oom licking water from a cup ?	dog
21481	black dog is standing in a living oom licking water from a cup .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
21482	a woman is standing in a living with a black dog in a white carpet .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
21482	a woman is standing in a living with a black dog in a white carpet .	what is the color of the carpet ?	white
21483	We see a white opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21483	We see a white opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
21484	We see two men sitting then shaking their heads .	how many men do we see sitting then shaking their heads ?	two
21486	The two men argue about the game .	how many men argue about the game ?	two
21489	The man has his foot on a red ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
21491	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21496	A woman is pouring ingredients into a mixer .	what is the woman pouring into a mixer ?	ingredients
21497	She then makes the dough into balls and puts them on a cookie sheet .	she then makes what into balls and puts them on a cookie sheet ?	dough
21498	She places them in the oven .	where does she place them . ?	oven
21500	The man then puts the roller blade over his prosthetic and then follows with the other foot .	the man then puts roller what over his prosthetic and then follows with the other foot ?	blade
21511	The wheel is then taken off and the other group of people crowd around to find the problem .	what is then taken off and the other group of people crowd around to find the problem ?	wheel
21513	A young man in a brown hoodie and cargo pants is standing on a road in a forested area , instructing viewers as he holds onto the end of a skateboard .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	brown
21517	A girl is doing back flips on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
21525	The end screen is seen on a black background .	what is seen on the black background ?	screen
21525	The end screen is seen on a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
21526	Ingredients are prepared and poured into a large mixing bowl .	what are prepared and poured into the large mixing bowl ?	ingredients
21527	A woman washes a bowl in a kitchen sink with a sponge .	where does the woman wash a bowl with a sponge . ?	sink
21528	The woman smells the bowl to make sure it is clean .	what does the woman smell ?	bowl
21529	The woman places the bowl into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	the woman places what into a dish washer and shows the proper placement ?	bowl
21530	A woman washes a plate in a kitchen sink with a sponge .	where does the woman wash a plate with a sponge . ?	sink
21531	The woman smells the plate to make sure it is clean .	what does the woman smell ?	plate
21532	The woman places the plate into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	the woman places what into a dish washer and shows the proper placement ?	plate
21533	A woman washes glass cups in a kitchen sink with a sponge .	what does the woman wash in a kitchen sink with a sponge ?	cups
21535	The woman places the glass cups into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	the woman places what into a dish washer and shows the proper placement ?	cups
21544	The woman pours ice in the glass and a few shots of alcohol and then pours lemonade in the glass with a mint sprig and lemon wedge on the rim .	the woman pours ice in the glass and a few shots of alcohol and then pours what in the glass with a mint sprig and lemon wedge on the rim ?	lemonade
21549	A man fills a pot with water and adds salt and oil , and then boil the water while talking .	the man fills what with water and adds salt and oil , and then boil the water while talking ?	pot
21550	Then , the man puts the spaghetti in the bowling pot .	where does then , the man put the spaghetti . ?	pot
21551	After , the man taste the spaghetti and drain it .	after , the man taste what and drain it ?	spaghetti
21555	A woman in a white tank top is riding an exercise bike in a room .	what is the color of the top ?	white
21555	A woman in a white tank top is riding an exercise bike in a room .	where is the woman in a white tank top riding an exercise bike . ?	room
21556	She is doing push ups on a black mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	black
21561	He takes two slices of sandwich bread and puts them in the toaster .	he takes how many slices of sandwich bread and puts them in the toaster ?	two
21564	Then he takes two slices of American cheese .	how many slices does then he take of american cheese ?	two
21571	kids are playing hurling in a large green field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
21573	kids are posing for a picture in the green field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
21577	A guy raises a metal ball above his head , spins with a metal ball , and releases the metal ball .	the guy raises what above his head , spins with a metal ball , and releases the metal ball ?	ball
21577	A guy raises a metal ball above his head , spins with a metal ball , and releases the metal ball .	the guy raises a metal ball above his head , spins with a metal ball , and releases what ?	ball
21580	A little boy is riding in a car drinking a drink and playing with his phone .	where is the little boy riding drinking a drink and playing with his phone . ?	car
21582	A man runs out on a professional stadium and throws a ball at a batter .	the man runs out on a professional stadium and throws what at a batter ?	ball
21583	Two women watching the game cheer after the batter hits the ball with his plank .	how many women is watching the game cheer after the batter hits the ball with his plank ?	two
21584	One of the women exposes her bare chest to the camera , a black bar is overlaid .	what is the color of the bar ?	black
21585	The camera returns to action on the field .	what returns to action on the field ?	camera
21590	The man then moves all around the bathroom while continuing to speak and the camera zooms in .	what does the man then move all around the bathroom while continuing to speak and zooms in ?	camera
21593	The man the uses the machine continuously while pointing to his body and showing off his legs .	what does the man the use continuously ?	machine
21594	A set of black boots are shown on a small table along with a bottle oil and a rag in front of a woman .	what is the color of the boots ?	black
21595	The woman then grabs the rag and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing the boots .	the woman then grabs what and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing the boots ?	rag
21595	The woman then grabs the rag and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing the boots .	the woman then grabs the rag and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing what ?	boots
21597	Two wrestlers are seen hunches over in a ring with one running over to the other .	how many wrestlers are seen hunches over in a ring with one running over to the other ?	two
21598	One wrestler grabs the other and flips him over his shoulders , then a ref hits the side to tap out .	how many wrestler grabs the other and flips him over his shoulders ?	one
21603	The boy roller blades criss cross style around some orange cones .	what does roller criss cross style around some orange cones ?	blades
21603	The boy roller blades criss cross style around some orange cones .	what is the color of the cones ?	orange
21605	A man is using a welding tool on a pile of random metal indoors .	what is the man using welding on a pile of random metal indoors ?	tool
21606	Another man is holding up a shield to protect himself .	what is another man holding up ?	shield
21609	Two hands are showcased holding the red collar by itself and demonstrating the features of the collar harness with still graphics to accompany the hand showcase .	how many hands are showcased holding the red collar by itself and demonstrating the features of the collar harness with still graphics to accompany the hand showcase ?	two
21609	Two hands are showcased holding the red collar by itself and demonstrating the features of the collar harness with still graphics to accompany the hand showcase .	what is the color of the collar ?	red
21610	A camera zooms in on a backyard that contains a volkswagon and other various items .	what zooms in on the backyard that contains a volkswagon and other various items ?	camera
21612	The man finishes up the skis and leaves his hat on top of the skis .	the man finishes up what and leaves his hat on top of the skis ?	skis
21612	The man finishes up the skis and leaves his hat on top of the skis .	the man finishes up the skis and leaves what on top of the skis ?	hat
21613	An underwater view of blue water appear at the deep end of the pool .	what is the color of the water ?	blue
21617	One guys jumps on the diving board but instead of diving he loses his footing and falls into the water .	how many guys jumps on the diving board but instead of diving ?	one
21621	The camera pans up to a tall building in the background .	what pans up to the tall building in the background ?	camera
21627	They ride the camels toward a set of pyramids .	what do they ride toward a set of pyramids ?	camels
21647	Elmo pulls out a toothbrush and begins dancing while Bruno Mars appears brushing his teeth on the mirror .	elmo pulls out what and begins dancing while bruno mars appears brushing his teeth on the mirror ?	toothbrush
21652	Two teams on horses ride around on a field .	how many teams on horses ride around on a field ?	two
21653	Using cricket bats they hit a ball back and forth .	what is using they hit a ball back and forth ?	bats
21659	After some time has passed , the man grabs another product and rubs it all over the ski .	, the man grabs what and rubs it all over the ski ?	product
21660	A woman is puts a rod in a base .	where is the woman puts a rod . ?	base
21662	She puts a fake Christmas tree up on the rod .	what does she put up on the rod ?	tree
21665	A white wall on the interior of a room is shown .	what is the color of the wall ?	white
21666	A hand holding a lit match lights a candle .	what is the hand holding a lit match lights ?	candle
21667	A man sets the candle beside a sink and begins to wash dishes .	the man sets what beside a sink and begins to wash dishes ?	candle
21669	Two wrestlers then bend down and walk around the pit a bit followed by wrestling one another .	how many wrestlers then bend down and walk around the pit a bit followed by wrestling one another ?	two
21670	One man throws the other down and leads into clips of the city .	how many man throws the other down and leads into clips of the city ?	one
21674	He shoots the stick at the balls , making them go into the corner pockets .	what does he shoot at the balls , ?	stick
21680	A camera pans out of a dirt hole and shows a man placing it down next to a tree .	what pans out of the dirt hole and shows a man placing it down next to a tree ?	camera
21681	The camera pans around the tree and shows the man checking up on the dirt .	what pans around the tree and shows the man checking up on the dirt ?	camera
21684	The man in sweater checked his phone then get two rackets in the bag , handed one to the guy , the guy standing bounced the ball on the racket .	the man in sweater checked his phone then get how many rackets in the bag , handed one to the guy ?	two
21685	The two men started playing tennis while they are sitting .	how many men started playing tennis while they are sitting ?	two
21691	A woman blowing kisses at the camera , then inserting her contact lenses .	the woman blowing kisses at the camera , then inserting contact what ?	lenses
21696	After , the cheerleaders jump , flip and does cartwheels .	, flip and does what ?	cartwheels
21701	There are two men in the water wearing wetsuits and laying on their surfboards as they ride a wave .	how many men are there in the water wearing wetsuits and laying on their surfboards as they ride a wave ?	two
21702	The camera man is in a fast moving boat and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up .	what is in the fast moving boat and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up ?	man
21702	The camera man is in a fast moving boat and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up .	where is the camera man and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up . ?	boat
21705	She is putting sand in a blue bucket in front of her .	what is the color of the bucket ?	blue
21706	Two people walk along the beach in front of her .	how many people walk along the beach in front of her ?	two
21708	We see a man putting orange tiles on a floor .	what is the color of the tiles ?	orange
21709	We see aa man tiling a shower .	we see aa man tiling what ?	shower
21710	We see the man putting the tiles on a floor again .	we see the man putting what on a floor again ?	tiles
21713	Older women are behind sewing machines sewing blankets .	what are older women behind sewing ?	machines
21715	They get ins the boat with paddles and some others next to them in a kayak .	where do they get ins . ?	kayak
21716	They use the paddle to try to control the boat , but get splashed by the very brown water .	they use what , but get splashed by the very brown water ?	paddle
21716	They use the paddle to try to control the boat , but get splashed by the very brown water .	what is the color of the water ?	brown
21717	Another little boat comes and bumps into them , they paddle until they are about to reach back to land .	what comes and bumps into them , they paddle until they are about to reach back to land ?	boat
21725	The camera is shown in various angles the man riding the bike with the dog .	what is shown in various angles the man riding the bike with the dog ?	camera
21728	Two men are at each end of the rope pulling in their own direction over the mud .	how many men are at each end of the rope pulling in their own direction over the mud ?	two
21729	The red rope is leaning toward the man in blue as he nearly sits on the ground .	what is leaning toward the man in blue as he nearly sits on the ground ?	rope
21729	The red rope is leaning toward the man in blue as he nearly sits on the ground .	what is the color of the rope ?	red
21734	It shows 6 minutes has passed as they continue to pull .	it shows how many minutes has passed as they continue to pull ?	six
21737	The two men shake hands and hug and walk away .	how many men shake hands and hug and walk away ?	two
21747	A man on a boat jumps ship after an item with the boat still moving .	what does the man on a boat jump after an item with the boat still moving ?	ship
21751	A man in a red shirt is being interviewed while it shows others at the event on the split screen .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
21754	A Christmas tree stands undecorated in a living room .	what stands undecorated in the living room ?	tree
21754	A Christmas tree stands undecorated in a living room .	where does the christmas tree stand undecorated . ?	room
21755	Two people decorate the tree with a light cord .	how many people decorate the tree with a light cord ?	two
21756	Three people decorate the tree with blue and silver balls .	how many people decorate the tree with blue and silver balls ?	three
21757	The tree lights are turned on and wrapped gifts are placed under the tree as people start to sit under the tree and a dog casually walks by the tree .	what are turned on and wrapped gifts are placed under the tree as people start to sit under the tree and a dog casually walks by the tree ?	lights
21757	The tree lights are turned on and wrapped gifts are placed under the tree as people start to sit under the tree and a dog casually walks by the tree .	the tree lights are turned on and wrapped and what casually walks by the tree ?	dog
21759	A guy is standing , gesturing , and instructing in a gym .	where is the guy standing , gesturing , and instructing . ?	gym
21763	There 's man dressed in a black sweater playing the violin in a church .	what is the color of the sweater ?	black
21764	There 's a woman standing next to him , also dressed on black holding a violin in her hands .	what is the color of the woman ?	black
21769	The camera pans to people watching the game .	what pans to people watching the game ?	camera
21770	The camera returns to the people riding the donkeys .	what returns to the people riding the donkeys ?	camera
21774	Several dogs are at a park .	what are at the park ?	dogs
21777	The ownders walk the dogs around .	what do the ownders walk around ?	dogs
21780	A woman is shown talking in her kitchen .	where is the woman shown talking . ?	kitchen
21781	She fills a bowl with butter , flour and sugar , and adds eggs .	she fills what with butter , flour and sugar , and adds eggs ?	bowl
21781	She fills a bowl with butter , flour and sugar , and adds eggs .	she fills a bowl with butter , flour and sugar , and adds what ?	eggs
21782	She creates a dough , and then makes and bakes a batch of cookies .	what does she create , and then makes and bakes a batch of cookies ?	dough
21783	A girl is crossing the monkey bars .	what is the girl crossing ?	bars
21784	A girl in a yellow shirt is standing on the ground watching .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
21785	A girl on a blue shirt is standing on a playground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
21791	The camera focus on the first individual .	what focus on the first individual ?	camera
21793	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21798	We see the closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21800	Once he is finished , he puts the tool in the back of his seat and gets in the car .	, he puts what in the back of his seat and gets in the car ?	tool
21800	Once he is finished , he puts the tool in the back of his seat and gets in the car .	where is once he finished , he puts the tool in the back of his seat and gets . ?	car
21804	A lady is sitting and playing the piano .	what is the lady sitting and playing ?	piano
21805	A guy is standing and playing a saxophone .	what is the guy standing and playing ?	saxophone
21809	The little boy serves and returns the ball well .	the little boy serves and returns what well ?	ball
21810	The little boy miss a ball that ends in the net , then the man recovers the ball and they continue playing .	what do the little boy miss , then the man recovers the ball and they continue playing ?	ball
21810	The little boy miss a ball that ends in the net , then the man recovers the ball and they continue playing .	what do the little boy miss a ball , then the man recovers and they continue playing ?	ball
21811	Two young motorcycle riders sit on the bikes and wave on a dirt trail .	how many young motorcycle riders sit on the bikes and wave on a dirt trail ?	two
21812	The boys ride their bikes over jumps on the trails .	what do the boys ride over jumps on the trails ?	bicycles
21813	A young rider jumps a ramp and clutches the handlebars with his feet .	the young rider jumps what and clutches the handlebars with his feet ?	ramp
21813	A young rider jumps a ramp and clutches the handlebars with his feet .	the young rider jumps a ramp and clutches what with his feet ?	handlebars
21815	A young girl with messy curly hair is standing in front of the sink cleaning a dish with a blue sponge .	what is the color of the sponge ?	blue
21817	As she grabs the next dish , someone comes along and puts another dish in the sink as she continues to dump water in and out of the container .	where does as she grab the next dish , someone comes along and puts another dish as she continues to dump water in and out of the container . ?	sink
21822	A woman dressed in an orange and red dress and scarf is standing and talking has she hold white paper in her hands .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
21823	The woman is no longer shown and there are various pictures flashing that seem to be about SPEED CAR WASH. .	what is the woman no longer shown and there are flashing that seem to be about speed car wash. ?	pictures
21824	The woman from before who is dressed in an orange and red dress appears again and is still holding the white paper as she talks .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
21826	A pier is shown at a beach , with people walking alongside it .	what is shown at the beach , with people walking alongside it ?	pier
21827	Many pictures are shown of a woman tying up a pair of skates .	what are shown of the woman tying up a pair of skates ?	pictures
21833	A man puts two bread sticks on the nose while a woman watch with surprise .	the man puts how many bread sticks on the nose while a woman watch with surprise ?	two
21839	One guy seems to have a paint ball rocket launcher and shoots a guy with it .	how many guy seems to have the paint ball rocket launcher and shoots a guy with it ?	one
21842	Two girls dressed in a red shirt and black spanxs are bending over preparing for a volley ball game .	how many girls dressed in a red shirt and black spanxs are bending over preparing for a volley ball game ?	two
21842	Two girls dressed in a red shirt and black spanxs are bending over preparing for a volley ball game .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
21842	Two girls dressed in a red shirt and black spanxs are bending over preparing for a volley ball game .	what is the color of the spanxs ?	black
21843	The other team is shown on the other side of the net and they serve the ball .	what is the other team shown on the other side of the net and they serve ?	ball
21845	Now they are showing canoes with two men racing and they are also rowing very fast , and then teams of 4 men begin to race .	what are now they showing with two men racing and they are also rowing very fast , and then teams of 4 men begin to race ?	canoes
21847	Two people are skiing down a very cold and snowy mountain slope during winter .	how many people are skiing down the very cold and snowy mountain slope during winter ?	two
21851	We see green writing on a black title screen .	what is the color of the writing ?	green
21851	We see green writing on a black title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
21852	A lady in a lacy black and white bra sits in a black room under bright spot lights smoking a cigarette .	what is the color of the room ?	black
21852	A lady in a lacy black and white bra sits in a black room under bright spot lights smoking a cigarette .	where does the lady sit in a black room under bright spot lights smoking a cigarette . ?	bra
21855	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
21856	A person wearing a mask plays the accordion .	the person wearing what plays the accordion ?	mask
21856	A person wearing a mask plays the accordion .	what is the person wearing a mask plays ?	accordion
21860	The man still plays the drums and stops to walk away and look at the camera .	the man still plays what and stops to walk away and look at the camera ?	drums
21861	A man is painting a room .	what is the man painting ?	room
21864	A camera captures several shots of sites as well as people standing outside drinking and celebrating .	what captures several shots of sites as well as people standing outside drinking and celebrating ?	camera
21865	One man pulls out a weed and a drone is seen flying in the distance .	what does one man pull out and a drone is seen flying in the distance ?	weed
21865	One man pulls out a weed and a drone is seen flying in the distance .	what does one man pull out a weed and is seen flying in the distance ?	drone
21865	One man pulls out a weed and a drone is seen flying in the distance .	how many man pulls out the weed ?	one
21867	A man shows up in a guerrilla suit and the drone flies over people playing games and riding around .	what does the man show up in a guerrilla suit and flies over people playing games and riding around ?	drone
21871	He grabs and iron and irons the shirt .	he grabs and iron and irons what ?	shirt
21874	Another man walks in scolding him and then eventually take off their shirts .	what does another man walk in scolding him and then eventually take off ?	shirts
21876	They begin shaving their legs and hold up a razor smiling at the camera .	they begin and hold up what smiling at the camera ?	razor
21879	His dog comes outside and starts to follow him a little while he 's closer to the house .	what comes outside and starts to follow him a little while he 's closer to the house ?	dog
21883	He removes the filter from the vacuum .	what does he remove from the vacuum ?	filter
21886	The man throws a mop pad on the floor and puts the mop on it picking up the pad .	the man throws a mop pad on the floor and puts what on it picking up the pad ?	mop
21888	The same man is standing in a kitchen .	where is the same man standing . ?	kitchen
21891	The man mops the floor going around the furniture .	what does the man mop going around the furniture ?	floor
21892	A gymnast mounts a low beam in a gym .	where does the gymnast mount a low beam . ?	gym
21898	We see the opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21901	We then see two people kitesurfing .	how many people do we then see kitesurfing ?	two
21903	We see the island from above .	what do we see from above ?	island
21905	We then see the closing title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
21909	A woman puts a baby in the swimming pool , and the baby swims fast to reach the border of the swimming pool .	where does the woman put a baby , and the baby swims fast to reach the border of the swimming pool . ?	pool
21911	Two women are in front of a camera , the woman in the red shirt is speaking .	how many women are in front of a camera ?	two
21911	Two women are in front of a camera , the woman in the red shirt is speaking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
21914	The woman in black makes a face to the camera .	what is the color of the woman ?	black
21916	The woman in red stops dancing and begins to laugh and the woman in black does this as well .	what is the color of the stops ?	red
21916	The woman in red stops dancing and begins to laugh and the woman in black does this as well .	what is the color of the woman ?	black
21919	The boy then opens and oven door and pulls out a plate of cookies .	the boy then opens and oven what and pulls out a plate of cookies ?	door
21920	He uses the stick to push the rack back and closes the oven while waves to the camera .	he uses what and closes the oven while waves to the camera ?	stick
21921	A man in a yellow shirt has his hands behind his head .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
21927	people are in a roofed gym playing and waching the game .	where are people playing and waching the game . ?	gym
21931	A person is holding a dog covered in suds and holding a bottle of shampoo in a yard .	what is the person holding covered in suds and holding a bottle of shampoo in a yard ?	dog
21934	The camera pans and we see another dog laying on the ground .	what pans and we see another dog laying on the ground ?	camera
21934	The camera pans and we see another dog laying on the ground .	what does the camera pan and we see laying on the ground ?	dog
21937	Outro appears and it 's the globe , white screens with black words on each one , and then logos .	what is the color of the screens ?	white
21937	Outro appears and it 's the globe , white screens with black words on each one , and then logos .	what is the color of the words ?	black
21938	Two sister toddlers enter in a kitchen , then one toddler wash the dishes in the sink .	how many sister toddlers enter in the kitchen ?	two
21938	Two sister toddlers enter in a kitchen , then one toddler wash the dishes in the sink .	how many toddler wash the dishes in the sink ?	one
21938	Two sister toddlers enter in a kitchen , then one toddler wash the dishes in the sink .	where do two sister toddlers enter , then one toddler wash the dishes in the sink . ?	kitchen
21939	The mother puts dishes on the sink and open the dishwasher .	the mother puts what on the sink and open the dishwasher ?	dishes
21939	The mother puts dishes on the sink and open the dishwasher .	the mother puts dishes on the sink and open what ?	dishwasher
21942	The sister toddler go down the chair and leave the kitchen .	the sister toddler go down the chair and leave what ?	kitchen
21944	A rope is strung between two trees .	what is strung between two trees ?	rope
21950	A girl is standing in a room taking out several arrows out of her pack and using her arrow to release them .	where is the girl standing taking out several arrows out of her pack and using her arrow to release them . ?	room
21952	After she moves again , two carpets are shown hanging from the wall and she continues to aim at her target until all of her bows are gone .	what are , shown hanging from the wall and she continues to aim at her target until all of her bows are gone ?	carpets
21952	After she moves again , two carpets are shown hanging from the wall and she continues to aim at her target until all of her bows are gone .	how many carpets does after she move again , are shown hanging from the wall ?	two
21959	One of the men wearing a green shirt aims the dart board with a dart to hit the bull 's eye on one board .	what are one of the men wearing a green shirt aims with a dart to hit the bull 's eye on one board ?	board
21959	One of the men wearing a green shirt aims the dart board with a dart to hit the bull 's eye on one board .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
21961	The man in green shoots another dart and then goes to remove it from the dart board .	what is the color of the shoots ?	green
21965	Several shots of people leading around horses are shown and one ties a horse to pole and wets down a razor .	what are several shots of people leading around horses shown and one ties to pole and wets down a razor ?	horse
21966	The woman then cuts the horses mane and rubs down the horses coat while the camera pans around .	the woman then cuts what and rubs down the horses coat ?	mane
21968	A person watches another person using a leaf blower in a yard from an elevated window .	the person watches another person using what in a yard from an elevated window ?	blower
21970	Another person moves with the camera as they watch from a window in an elevated room against a white window sill .	what is the color of the sill ?	white
21971	The person blowing the leaves moves around the yard and continues to do lawn maintenance .	the person blowing what moves around the yard and continues to do lawn maintenance ?	leaves
21973	A ball is dispensed from an enclosure .	what is dispensed from an enclosure ?	ball
21974	Two boys play a game of table soccer .	how many boys play the game of table soccer ?	two
21976	A ball falls down a square chute .	what falls down the square chute ?	ball
21981	People rides bumper cars in a carnival .	what did people rid in a carnival ?	cars
21982	A teen wearing red cup gets hit by other cars .	the teen wearing what gets hit by other cars ?	cup
21982	A teen wearing red cup gets hit by other cars .	what is the color of the cup ?	red
21985	A boy wearing white shirt spins around and get hit by several cars .	the boy wearing what spins around and get hit by several cars ?	shirt
21985	A boy wearing white shirt spins around and get hit by several cars .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
21996	There are two men playing Foos ball with two young boys in a living room .	there are two men playing what with two young boys in a living room ?	ball
21996	There are two men playing Foos ball with two young boys in a living room .	how many men are there playing foos ball with two young boys in a living room ?	two
21999	The boys play Foos ball with the men .	what do the boys play with the men ?	ball
22009	The man plays the drums continuously and ends by speaking to the camera .	the man plays what continuously and ends by speaking to the camera ?	drums
22012	A person slices and ground garlic and chop parsley .	the person slices and ground what ?	parsley
22014	The person cooks and drain the pasta , then put the pasta in the pot and add chicken broth , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top .	the person cooks and drain what , then put the pasta in the pot and add chicken broth , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top ?	pasta
22014	The person cooks and drain the pasta , then put the pasta in the pot and add chicken broth , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top .	the person cooks and drain the pasta , then put the pasta in the pot and add what , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top ?	broth
22017	A woman blends the holds up a greased pan then adds a yellow butter to a bowl .	what does the woman blends then add to a bowl ?	butter
22017	A woman blends the holds up a greased pan then adds a yellow butter to a bowl .	what is the color of the butter ?	yellow
22020	The woman adds a liquid extracts as well as additional powdered flour to the dish .	what does the woman add a liquid extracts as well as to the dish ?	flour
22021	The woman adds cubed fruit to the mixture and stirs it with a spatula .	the woman adds what to the mixture and stirs it with a spatula ?	fruit
22022	The host pours the ingredients into a pan then cooks them in an oven .	what does the host pour into a pan ?	ingredients
22022	The host pours the ingredients into a pan then cooks them in an oven .	where does the host pour the ingredients into a pan then cooks them . ?	oven
22030	Two boys are out in the yard playing ball .	what are two boys out in the yard playing ?	ball
22030	Two boys are out in the yard playing ball .	how many boys are out in the yard playing ball ?	two
22033	One boy throws the ball out into the road while the other runs after it .	what does one boy throw out into the road ?	ball
22033	One boy throws the ball out into the road while the other runs after it .	how many boy throws the ball out into the road while the other runs after it ?	one
22037	People are riding bikes around a dirt trail .	what are people riding around a dirt trail ?	bicycles
22039	The boy is wearing a helmet .	what is the boy wearing ?	helmet
22041	A flame exit a tube and a light sparkles form the welding machine .	the flame exit what and a light sparkles form the welding machine ?	tube
22041	A flame exit a tube and a light sparkles form the welding machine .	the flame exit a tube and a light sparkles form welding what ?	machine
22042	Two men weld to join to big cylinders .	how many men weld to join to big cylinders ?	two
22044	Then , the man writes over the snow covering the window of a car , and a woman wearing winter clothes smiles .	then , the man writes over the snow covering the window of a car , and a woman wearing what smiles ?	clothes
22051	The woman uses a peeling tool to skin a sweet potato over the cutting board .	what does the woman use ?	tool
22054	The screen turns a green shade .	what turns the green shade ?	screen
22054	The screen turns a green shade .	what is the color of the shade ?	green
22056	The screen turns a blue shade .	what turns the blue shade ?	screen
22056	The screen turns a blue shade .	what is the color of the shade ?	blue
22064	Two people are playing tennis on a court .	how many people are playing tennis on a court ?	two
22065	A person in a yellow shirt stands outside watching .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
22066	A woman opens the door and walks out .	the woman opens what and walks out ?	door
22069	people is playing black jack around a table .	what is the color of the jack ?	black
22075	We see the underwater sea floor .	what do we see ?	floor
22076	Two people swim in front of the camera .	how many people swim in front of the camera ?	two
22079	The camera is spinning wildly .	what is spinning wildly ?	camera
22080	Bubbles rise out of a tube .	what rise out of the tube ?	bubbles
22082	Two people are seen walking around a yard in front of a board .	how many people are seen walking around the yard in front of a board ?	two
22086	A person in a blue shirt is standing next to the table holding a stop watch .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
22087	The man completes the Rubik 's cube and sets it down .	the man completes what and sets it down ?	cube
22089	Two men are outdoors on a sidewalk , playing drums with their bare hands .	how many men are outdoors on the sidewalk , playing drums with their bare hands ?	two
22090	A large crowd crosses the sidewalk as they complete the show , and the man on the left stands upright .	what does the large crowd cross , and the man on the left stands upright ?	sidewalk
22095	The lady then brushes the horse and cleans the hooves on the horse on the right .	the lady then brushes what and cleans the hooves on the horse on the right ?	horse
22095	The lady then brushes the horse and cleans the hooves on the horse on the right .	the lady then brushes the horse and cleans what on the horse on the right ?	hooves
22096	The lady then sprays a product in the mane and comes it .	the lady then sprays what in the mane and comes it ?	product
22098	the lady brushes the left side of the horse and cleans his hooves .	the lady brushes the left side of the horse and cleans what ?	hooves
22108	A women sets up her keys , writes on a board , and leads into her grooming and petting the dogs .	the women sets up what , writes on a board , and leads into her grooming and petting the dogs ?	keys
22109	Several clips are shown of the woman grooming the animals from various views and the animals shown afterwards .	what are shown of the woman grooming the animals from various views and the animals shown afterwards ?	clips
22110	A girl wearing glasses is seen speaking to the camera that leads into her taking them off and holding them to her camera .	the girl wearing what is seen speaking to the camera that leads into her taking them off and holding them to her camera ?	glasses
22112	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
22118	Several shots are shown of a celebrity walking the red carpet as well as a woman hosting a news segment and pictures being shown beside her .	what is the color of the carpet ?	red
22119	More pictures are shown as well as the celebrity skiing and snowboarding and ends with men escorting the celebrity into a building and more pictures as the woman speaks .	what are shown as well as the celebrity skiing and snowboarding and ends with men escorting the celebrity into a building and more pictures as the woman speaks ?	pictures
22126	Each time the ball reaches base , another kid has a turn to kick .	what does each time reach base , another kid has a turn to kick ?	ball
22126	Each time the ball reaches base , another kid has a turn to kick .	what does each time the ball reach , another kid has a turn to kick ?	base
22128	Two men are boxing , then people gather , men parachute and a man dive in the water .	how many men are boxing ?	two
22131	Two men run on a track while a large crowd of spectators and press watch .	how many men run on the track while a large crowd of spectators and press watch ?	two
22138	He gets off of his horse and brings the bull down and starts walking back to his horse .	he gets off of his horse and brings what down and starts walking back to his horse ?	bull
22141	Two men sit at a table together and read from a document .	how many men sit at the table together and read from a document ?	two
22142	The two men play a game of rock paper scissors .	how many men play the game of rock paper scissors ?	two
22149	A disc is dropped onto the ground .	what is dropped onto the ground ?	disc
22158	Finally she picks up a guitar and grabs a pic from the front and steps away .	finally she picks up what and grabs a pic from the front and steps away ?	guitar
22168	One man performs an impressive flip that leads to a man speaking to the camera and showing more shots of impressive dodgeball play .	how many man performs an impressive flip that leads to a man speaking to the camera and showing more shots of impressive dodgeball play ?	one
22170	He mounts a high beam in the gym .	where does he mount a high beam . ?	gym
22175	He jumps onto a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
22176	He jumps over a high bar and lands on the blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
22178	The woman puts the blow dryer down and brushes her hair again .	the woman puts blow what down and brushes her hair again ?	dryer
22182	We see two men in a TV studio talking .	how many men do we see in a tv studio talking ?	two
22184	A man in black is running with his arms in the air .	what is the color of the man ?	black
22187	The yellow team all hug each other .	what is the color of the team ?	yellow
22191	He throws frisbees , and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs .	what does he throw , and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs ?	frisbees
22208	She pulls out the panels as well as putting sunglasses on and presents a pan of objects to the camera .	she pulls out what as well as putting sunglasses on and presents a pan of objects to the camera ?	panels
22208	She pulls out the panels as well as putting sunglasses on and presents a pan of objects to the camera .	she pulls out the panels as well as putting what on and presents a pan of objects to the camera ?	sunglasses
22210	The cookies are seen again on a tray and she breaks them open to see .	what are seen again on the tray and she breaks them open to see ?	cookies
22211	A little boy is bending over dipping a paint brush into a blue bucket .	what is the color of the bucket ?	blue
22212	He paints the fence in front of him .	what did he paint in front of him ?	fence
22214	Two girls are seen moving quickly around the room while switching places and looking into a camera .	how many girls are seen moving quickly around the room while switching places and looking into a camera ?	two
22220	A woman in a grey sweater talks to the camera on the sidewalk .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
22221	A man in a black hat talks to the camera in front of a blue building .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
22221	A man in a black hat talks to the camera in front of a blue building .	what is the color of the building ?	blue
22222	A man in a black shirt is sitting down and talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
22223	It goes back to the man in a black hat talking .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
22224	It goes back to the man in the black shirt talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
22227	A woman in a brown hat is talking .	what is the color of the hat ?	brown
22231	Three kids are sitting on a bench in roller skates talking .	how many kids are sitting on the bench in roller skates talking ?	three
22235	baby kid is dancing in the top of a table wearing a white diaper in the kitchen and a woman is filming it .	what is the color of the diaper ?	white
22235	baby kid is dancing in the top of a table wearing a white diaper in the kitchen and a woman is filming it .	where is baby kid dancing in the top of a table wearing a white diaper and a woman is filming it . ?	kitchen
22237	She opens a white bin and pours water and soap into it .	she opens what and pours water and soap into it ?	bin
22237	She opens a white bin and pours water and soap into it .	what is the color of the bin ?	white
22239	She hangs the clothes from a wood rack to dry .	what does she hang from a wood rack ?	clothes
22246	The man in white shirt is strumming the bongo drum .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
22248	The man playing bongo hit one drum then the next , then he beat the drums fast .	what hit one drum then the next , then he beat the drums fast ?	bongo
22248	The man playing bongo hit one drum then the next , then he beat the drums fast .	what did the man playing bongo hit , then he beat fast ?	drums
22249	A man is positioning a camera and then walks into a room through a wall of glass with three walls in them .	the man is positioning what and then walks into a room through a wall of glass with three walls in them ?	camera
22253	man is in the beach doing tricks with a little kid and people in the studio is talking about the video .	where is man in the beach doing tricks with a little kid and people is talking about the video . ?	studio
22255	People are shown interacting in a dance hall .	where are people shown interacting . ?	hall
22256	A woman smokes and exhales black smoke .	what is the color of the smoke ?	black
22258	Two children eat under the table .	how many children eat under the table ?	two
22259	Two individuals dancing together kiss .	how many individuals is dancing together kiss ?	two
22260	The woman smokes and the black smoke disappears .	what is the color of the smoke ?	black
22262	The camera pans around to more people with drinks in their hands .	what pans around to more people with drinks in their hands ?	camera
22264	A large green field is shown as two teams begin rushing towards a ball hitting it with a stick that has a net at the end of it .	the large green field is shown as how many teams begin rushing towards a ball hitting it with a stick that has a net at the end of it ?	two
22264	A large green field is shown as two teams begin rushing towards a ball hitting it with a stick that has a net at the end of it .	what is the color of the field ?	green
22268	The camera zooms in on a baby cow with various title pages shown across the screen .	what zooms in on the baby cow with various title pages shown across the screen ?	camera
22269	A group of men run around a calf while others hold him down .	what do the group of men run around ?	calf
22272	The bull nearly grabs him but the boy makes it on the fence and throws the red blanket on the bull .	what nearly grabs him but the boy makes it on the fence and throws the red blanket on the bull ?	bull
22272	The bull nearly grabs him but the boy makes it on the fence and throws the red blanket on the bull .	what does the bull nearly grab him but the boy makes it on the fence and throws on the bull ?	blanket
22272	The bull nearly grabs him but the boy makes it on the fence and throws the red blanket on the bull .	what is the color of the blanket ?	red
22274	A woman uses a cup to pour water on the dog to remove the soap .	what does the woman use ?	cup
22275	A field is shown with about ten men standing in the middle and a man takes off running and throws a ball at a man holding a paddle .	what is the field shown with about ten men standing in the middle and a man takes off and throws at a man holding a paddle ?	ball
22277	A man with short black hair is then shown and his teammates begin congratulating him and more teams are shown playing the game .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
22278	man is holding a hammer fixing the roof of a garage .	what is man holding fixing the roof of a garage ?	hammer
22279	man is standing in the rooftop adding a black mix .	what is the color of the mix ?	black
22287	Two vacuums appear in a gray room .	how many vacuums appear in the gray room ?	two
22287	Two vacuums appear in a gray room .	what is the color of the room ?	gray
22287	Two vacuums appear in a gray room .	where do two vacuums appear . ?	room
22290	The lady puts the vacuum in a closet .	where does the lady put the vacuum . ?	closet
22292	Three Dyson fans swivel toward the camera .	how many dyson fans swivel toward the camera ?	three
22293	A man in a silver jacket is fixing a spoke on the tire of his bicycle .	what is the man in a silver jacket fixing on the tire of his bicycle ?	spoke
22296	He uses a tool to fix the spoke of the tire .	what does he use ?	tool
22297	He puts the tire back on the bike and spins it .	he puts what back on the bike and spins it ?	tire
22303	A boy sits at a kitchen counter and adjusts the camera .	the boy sits at a kitchen counter and adjusts what ?	camera
22305	The two boys then arm wrestle and the left boy wins both times .	how many boys then arm wrestle and the left boy wins both times ?	two
22307	Two women are seen running around a room and leads into one speaking to the camera .	how many women are seen running around the room and leads into one speaking to the camera ?	two
22308	The people hit a tennis ball around the room while dancing and cheering with one another .	what did the people hit around the room while dancing and cheering with one another ?	ball
22312	The man begins to weld creating large sparks of white light .	what is the color of the light ?	white
22314	A woman rides a bike outside .	what does the woman rid outside ?	bicycle
22316	She then roller blades outside .	what does she then roller outside ?	blades
22320	A man talks sitting in an elegant room .	where does the man talk sitting . ?	room
22322	Three athletes stand on the podium , then a man runs and jumps to land on the sand .	how many athletes stand on the podium ?	three
22325	A boy lays a towel out onto the sand of the beach .	what does the boy lay out onto the sand of the beach ?	towel
22327	A man wearing a black shirt holds an exercise ball over another man wearing a light blue shirt performs sit-ups on an inclined bench .	the man wearing what holds an exercise ball over another man wearing a light blue shirt performs sit-ups on an inclined bench ?	shirt
22327	A man wearing a black shirt holds an exercise ball over another man wearing a light blue shirt performs sit-ups on an inclined bench .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
22327	A man wearing a black shirt holds an exercise ball over another man wearing a light blue shirt performs sit-ups on an inclined bench .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
22328	The man wearing the black shirt drops the ball on the floor and crouches down and high fives the man performing the sit-ups .	the man wearing what drops the ball on the floor and crouches down and high fives the man performing the sit-ups ?	shirt
22328	The man wearing the black shirt drops the ball on the floor and crouches down and high fives the man performing the sit-ups .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
22333	A camera pans out of chocolate chip cookies and milk and leads into a woman speaking .	what pans out of chocolate chip cookies and milk and leads into a woman speaking ?	camera
22334	The woman mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan .	the woman mixes what together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan ?	ingredients
22336	A camera pans up to a man sitting and smoking a cigarette .	what pans up to the man sitting and smoking a cigarette ?	camera
22338	The man smoking cigarettes begins talking to the homeless man about how life sucks and how he can relate to the homeless man .	what does smoking begin talking to the homeless man about how life sucks and how he can relate to the homeless man ?	cigarettes
22343	The camera pans around the area and zooms back and fourth along the water and pans to people on the beach .	what pans around the area and zooms back and fourth along the water and pans to people on the beach ?	camera
22347	A girl demonstrates several gymnastic and tumbler moves in a living room and on a green lawn with a line of residential houses as a backdrop .	what is the color of the lawn ?	green
22350	A girl is warming up and stretching and grabs 2 large ropes .	what is the girl warming up and stretching and grabs ?	ropes
22350	A girl is warming up and stretching and grabs 2 large ropes .	how many large ropes is the girl warming up and stretching and grabs ?	two
22351	Two women are holding each rope and the girl tries to pull both ropes at once .	what are two women holding and the girl tries to pull both ropes at once ?	rope
22351	Two women are holding each rope and the girl tries to pull both ropes at once .	how many women are holding each rope ?	two
22353	The young boy serve the shuttlecock but it hit the net .	what do the young boy serve but it hit the net ?	shuttlecock
22353	The young boy serve the shuttlecock but it hit the net .	what do the young boy serve the shuttlecock but it hit ?	net
22355	An older woman in gray shirt serve the ball and the girl in red hit it .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
22363	A person makes spaghetti from scratch using flour , eggs , a blender and a pasta press .	what does the person make from scratch using flour , eggs , a blender and a pasta press ?	spaghetti
22364	A hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer .	the hand mixes what in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer ?	flour
22364	A hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer .	the hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds what and mixes both ingredients with a mixer ?	eggs
22364	A hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer .	the hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes what with a mixer ?	ingredients
22366	The screen is black and we see a ballerina dance across the stage spilling feathers .	what is black and we see a ballerina dance across the stage spilling feathers ?	screen
22372	A woman in a green shirt is singing while doing the dishes in her kitchen sink .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
22373	She continues to wash the spoons and forks with a blue scrub and soap as she sings in a high pitch and tone .	what is the color of the scrub ?	blue
22374	She continues to wash a large knife and then places the wet utensils on a drying rack .	she continues and then places what on a drying rack ?	utensils
22377	A young man drinks six bottles of beer while a person stand on front him holding a chronometer .	how many bottles does the young man drink of beer while a person stand on front him holding a chronometer ?	six
22378	Then , the young man spits beer on the person who fall on the ground .	what does then , the young man spit on the person who fall on the ground ?	beer
22384	She holds a jump rope and turns the jump rope in front of her .	she holds what and turns the jump rope in front of her ?	rope
22384	She holds a jump rope and turns the jump rope in front of her .	she holds a jump rope and turns what in front of her ?	rope
22386	She turns the jump rope once more and catches it with her feet .	she turns what once more and catches it with her feet ?	rope
22388	She turns the jump rope and completes a full jump .	she turns what and completes a full jump ?	rope
22393	A black male majorette begins walking through the drum line with his baton .	what is the color of the majorette ?	black
22396	A woman dressed in a pink tank top and gray tights is demonstrating spinning in a fitness gym .	what is the color of the tights ?	gray
22397	She shows the various exercises using the bicycle .	she shows the various exercises using what ?	bicycle
22403	In the end while the woman stops dancing and starts to clap and the man playing the bongos stops playing and does a final clap .	in the end while the woman stops dancing and starts to clap and the man playing what stops playing and does a final clap ?	bongos
22407	The two men finish and shake hands and hug .	how many men finish and shake hands and hug ?	two
22413	Then , the man performs toeside using a snow skateboard .	then , the man performs toeside using what ?	skateboard
22416	A woman is standing and talking in a kitchen .	where is the woman standing and talking . ?	kitchen
22417	She is using a small vacuum cleaner .	what is she using ?	cleaner
22419	woman serve the bread in a blue dish and slice in two .	what is the color of the dish ?	blue
22422	A person in white runs towards first base playing kickball .	what is the color of the runs ?	white
22425	the man paints a lady 's nails in a dining room .	where did the man paint a lady 's nails . ?	room
22429	we see a ending credit screen .	what do we see ?	screen
22432	A lawn mower is tied to a white rope .	what is tied to the white rope ?	mower
22432	A lawn mower is tied to a white rope .	what is the color of the rope ?	white
22437	The team gets in the pool .	where does the team get . ?	pool
22438	Two teams play water polo against each other .	how many teams play water polo against each other ?	two
22447	Two men are in a pool putting on diving gear .	how many men are in the pool putting on diving gear ?	two
22460	We see the black closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
22460	We see the black closing screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
22461	A man wearing a black baseball hat and a black shirt is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the man wearing a black baseball hat and a black shirt is playing ?	guitar
22461	A man wearing a black baseball hat and a black shirt is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
22461	A man wearing a black baseball hat and a black shirt is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
22464	A group of people transport a boat on their heads .	the group of people transport what on their heads ?	boat
22466	Then , people in a boat raft down the choppy waters of a river while paddling .	where does then , people raft down the choppy waters of a river while paddling . ?	boat
22467	People in two boats meet and start to throw water each other using the oars , then some rafters jump into the water .	people in two boats meet and start , then what jump into the water ?	rafters
22470	The man turns around , grabs the towel and begins drying himself while the girl is still standing on the ground , and then puts the towel back when he 's done .	the man turns around , grabs what and begins drying himself while the girl is still standing on the ground , and then puts the towel back when he 's done ?	towel
22473	Two men are kneeling down on the ground .	how many men are kneeling down on the ground ?	two
22475	Two men are sitting on a train talking .	how many men are sitting on the train talking ?	two
22476	A man in a black coat is walking down the street .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
22477	He is holding a white paper in his hand and writing on it .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
22481	A man in an orange vest puts him into the boat .	what is the color of the vest ?	orange
22481	A man in an orange vest puts him into the boat .	where does the man put him into the boat . ?	vest
22482	A man holding a camera is standing on the sidewalk and watches another man trip and fall and runs over to help him .	the man holding what is standing on the sidewalk and watches another man trip and fall and runs over to help him ?	camera
22483	A man is shown in the water , wearing a helmet , holding a paddle and sitting in a kayak .	where is the man shown in the water , wearing a helmet , holding a paddle and sitting . ?	kayak
22485	He shows several rocking and paddling motions , and flips the kayak once at the end .	he shows several rocking and paddling motions , and flips what once at the end ?	kayak
22487	The girls chase the ball , hitting it with sticks , trying to get it into the goal .	what did the girls chase , ?	ball
22490	A man in an apron stands in front of a kitchen sink putting dishes away in a drainer .	where does the man stand in front of a kitchen sink putting dishes away in a drainer . ?	apron
22494	Four people start to dance in the yacht , and one boy dance against the sail .	how many people start to dance in the yacht , and one boy dance against the sail ?	four
22495	The four people holds a big fish with both hands while the yacht continues to sail .	what does the four people hold with both hands ?	fish
22495	The four people holds a big fish with both hands while the yacht continues to sail .	how many people holds the big fish with both hands while the yacht continues to sail ?	four
22504	The girl stands and performs two flips .	how many flips does the girl stand and performs ?	two
22510	The person stirs the ingredients all around and pours the mixture into a glass with ice to serve .	the person stirs what all around and pours the mixture into a glass with ice ?	ingredients
22511	A young man dry a pot lid while dancing .	the young man dry what while dancing ?	lid
22513	A woman enters and then leave the kitchen .	the woman enters and then leave what ?	kitchen
22515	A graphic is seen with cartoons .	what is seen with cartoons ?	graphic
22517	The young man does tricks over an orange safety cone .	what is the color of the cone ?	orange
22521	The man stacks the buckets and begins putting sand around it and sculpting it into a castle .	the man stacks what and begins putting sand around it and sculpting it into a castle ?	buckets
22522	He walks away in the end and shows off the castle he 's made .	he walks away in the end and shows off what ?	castle
22528	Three people are seen standing on a lawn beginning to perform martial arts moves .	how many people are seen standing on the lawn beginning to perform martial arts moves ?	three
22533	Several tubes are on a rope going up a hill .	what are on the rope going up a hill ?	tubes
22538	Then , men push the motorcycles with the children while a man takes notes .	what do then , men push with the children ?	motorcycles
22545	A man in a black shirt is talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
22546	Several people are kneeling down on a red mat doing stretches .	what is the color of the mat ?	red
22552	Two men are seen running around a circle surrounded by people and performing martial arts moves .	how many men are seen running around the circle surrounded by people and performing martial arts moves ?	two
22554	A camera pans around a group of people standing around each other with one spinning in circles .	what pans around the group of people standing around each other with one spinning in circles ?	camera
22560	She paints two flowers onto the canvas .	what did she paint onto the canvas ?	flowers
22560	She paints two flowers onto the canvas .	how many flowers did she paint onto the canvas ?	two
22563	She prepares the equipment and helps the man perform the exercise .	she prepares what and helps the man perform the exercise ?	equipment
22565	boys are doing tricks riding skateboards in the wet asphalt going down a hill .	boys are doing tricks riding what in the wet asphalt going down a hill ?	skateboards
22567	A girl in a bikini is doing hula hoop on a patio .	what is the girl in a bikini doing on a patio ?	hoop
22569	The came moves up and down to keep her in the frame .	where did the come moves up and down to keep her . ?	frame
22577	The video shows several different perks the machine can do while the woman continues to work .	what does the video show ?	perks
22580	She enters a room with kids in it , takes off her coat and starts dancing .	she enters what with kids in it , takes off her coat and starts dancing ?	room
22582	The man throws his coat across the room .	what does the man throw across the room ?	coat
22586	The lady puts on her coat as a girl talks to her and leaves the room .	the lady puts on her coat as a girl talks to her and leaves what ?	room
22590	A toddler holds a lacrosse stick , then he catches a ball with the lacrosse stick and throws to the floor .	what does the toddler hold , then he catches a ball with the lacrosse stick and throws to the floor ?	stick
22590	A toddler holds a lacrosse stick , then he catches a ball with the lacrosse stick and throws to the floor .	what does the toddler hold a lacrosse stick , then he catches with the lacrosse stick and throws to the floor ?	ball
22592	Next , the toddler catch a ball and throw to the floor and the ball bounce .	next , the toddler catch what and throw to the floor and the ball bounce ?	ball
22595	The lady peels her second potato .	what does the lady peel ?	potato
22598	The lady peels her fourth and fifth potato .	what does the lady peel ?	potato
22603	We see tall grass blowing in the breeze as the boaters ride past .	what do we see blowing in the breeze as the boaters ride past ?	grass
22604	The boaters arrives at the shore .	what arrives at the shore ?	boaters
22605	We then see the closing title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
22609	A close up of a person 's feet are seen riding along the river in a tube .	where are the close up of a person 's feet seen riding along the river . ?	tube
22613	Several clips are then shown of people swinging around at pinatas and failing miserably .	what are then shown of people swinging around at pinatas and failing miserably ?	clips
22614	More clips are shown of people swinging around at pinatas and ends with them hitting other people .	what are shown of people swinging around at pinatas and ends with them hitting other people ?	clips
22615	bright sun is in the sky and shows a snowy mountain and a lot of pine trees covered in snow .	what is in the sky and shows a snowy mountain and a lot of pine trees covered in snow ?	sun
22617	cubicles is hanging on wires and a snowboarder is going down the snowy slope with other snowboarders standing behind .	what is hanging on wires and a snowboarder is going down the snowy slope with other snowboarders standing behind ?	cubicles
22621	wmoan enters in a cave with a man and are serving wine and a elderly couple are toasting .	wmoan enters in a cave with a man and are serving what and a elderly couple are toasting ?	wine
22625	He then throws the ball far away and it is measured .	what does he then throw far away and it is measured ?	ball
22626	A military procession carries a coffin and goes through a funeral ceremony .	the military procession carries what and goes through a funeral ceremony ?	coffin
22629	A military man presents a flag to a guest .	what does the military man present to a guest ?	flag
22630	A man with a prosthetic leg and a woman ride horses with trainers with a trainer alongside .	what do the man with a prosthetic leg and a woman ride with trainers with a trainer alongside ?	horses
22632	A horse trainer talks near a forested area .	what talks near the forested area ?	trainer
22641	A surfer wearing a wet suit takes off and rides a wave in the ocean .	the surfer wearing what takes off and rides a wave in the ocean ?	suit
22642	Two surfers is greeted by a seal in the ocean that jumps on his board and plays with them .	how many surfers is greeted by the seal in the ocean that jumps on his board and plays with them ?	two
22643	The surfer wearing a wet suit takes off on a wave leaving the seal behind .	the surfer wearing what takes off on a wave leaving the seal behind ?	suit
22644	A man is in a room , pointing and talking about tiles .	where is the man , pointing and talking about tiles . ?	room
22645	He is placing the tiles into the wall one at a time .	what is he placing into the wall one at a time ?	tiles
22646	The man completes the construction , then turns off the camera .	the man completes the construction , then turns off what ?	camera
22651	A woman talks in kitchen , then come two boys and talk whiles showing the fruits on the counter .	the woman talks in kitchen , then come two boys and talk whiles showing what on the counter ?	fruits
22651	A woman talks in kitchen , then come two boys and talk whiles showing the fruits on the counter .	where do the woman talks , then come two boys and talk whiles showing the fruits on the counter . ?	kitchen
22655	litle kid is caressing the horse .	what is litle kid caressing ?	horse
22667	The hose begins forcefully blowing leaves away from the camera .	what begins forcefully blowing leaves away from the camera ?	hose
22668	The person holding the leaf blower repeatedly swings the hose left to ring blowing leaves into a pile .	the person holding what repeatedly swings the hose left to ring blowing leaves into a pile ?	blower
22669	The clear sky is shown before a group of girls appear playing a game of field hockey .	what is shown before the group of girls appear playing a game of field hockey ?	sky
22670	The two teams compete against each other in the building as still images are shown in between the plays .	how many teams compete against each other in the building as still images are shown in between the plays ?	two
22671	Two men are performaing capoeria in the middle of a circle of people .	how many men are performaing capoeria in the middle of a circle of people ?	two
22677	An art piece is displayed on the wall , and we are shown several close ups of the paint .	what is displayed on the wall , and we are shown several close ups of the paint ?	piece
22682	The bow is shown in detail .	what is shown in detail ?	bow
22689	The woman with sunglasses , blue jacket pushed the round lifebuoy on the snow and jumped on it .	the woman with sunglasses , blue jacket pushed what on the snow and jumped on it ?	round
22689	The woman with sunglasses , blue jacket pushed the round lifebuoy on the snow and jumped on it .	what is the color of the jacket ?	blue
22694	The guy adds pasta to the pan .	what does the guy add to the pan ?	pasta
22698	A camera pans over a roof and shows several people working and a man being interviewed .	what pans over the roof and shows several people working and a man being interviewed ?	camera
22701	A person puts a garment in a pail , then he adds detergent and water .	where does the person put a garment , then he adds detergent and water . ?	pail
22702	Then , the man washes the cloth with his hand , and then pours water and rinse several times .	then , the man washes what with his hand , and then pours water and rinse several times ?	cloth
22704	A large river is seen followed by a person riding down in a tube .	what is seen followed by the person riding down in a tube ?	river
22705	Another person is also seen riding in a tube .	where is another person also seen riding . ?	tube
22709	A white haired man sits at an upright piano and begins to play in a lobby while people walk by .	what is the color of the man ?	white
22712	The camera follows him riding around the city and performing various tricks and maneuvers around cars and people .	what follows him riding around the city and performing various tricks and maneuvers around cars and people ?	camera
22713	Two men walked over the football table , one man counted the dice on the side .	how many men walked over the football table ?	two
22714	The players twist and push and pull the poles as they play on the table .	the players twist and push and pull what ?	poles
22715	The camera men are taking pictures behind them .	what are taking pictures behind them ?	men
22715	The camera men are taking pictures behind them .	what are the camera men taking behind them ?	pictures
22721	He trims the trees with the shears .	what does he trim with the shears ?	trees
22723	The person cleans the hard floor using a dust mop .	what does the person clean using a dust mop ?	floor
22724	Then , the person puts a cup of detergent in a litter of water , then wet a cloth and attaches to a handle to mop the floor .	then , the person puts a cup of detergent in a litter of water , then wet what and attaches to a handle to mop the floor ?	cloth
22726	The person plays with a hand and feet , and the face of , a gorilla appears .	what does the person play with a hand and feet , and the face of , appears ?	gorilla
22729	Next , the person destroys the drums .	what does next , the person destroy ?	drums
22739	One man comes out of the gate and ropes a calf .	how many man comes out of the gate and ropes a calf ?	one
22740	The calf falls to the ground as he is roped into place .	what falls to the ground as he is roped into place ?	calf
22742	a lot of people wearing red life jackets and are in a bus and holding rafts .	the lot of people wearing what and are in a bus and holding rafts ?	jackets
22742	a lot of people wearing red life jackets and are in a bus and holding rafts .	what is the color of the jackets ?	red
22744	The male athlete bow then raised his arms then walked to the poles .	what then raised his arms then walked to the poles ?	bow
22748	The drummers hold their drumsticks in front of their face .	what do the drummers hold in front of their face ?	drumsticks
22749	They each beat their drums .	what did they each beat ?	drums
22750	After each note the drummers raise their drumsticks back in front of their faces .	what do after each note the drummers raise back in front of their faces ?	drumsticks
22752	He holds up various tools and begins piecing them together .	he holds up what and begins piecing them together ?	tools
22753	He then cleans off a window using the tools and tightening up the ladder .	what does he then clean off using the tools and tightening up the ladder ?	window
22753	He then cleans off a window using the tools and tightening up the ladder .	he then cleans off a window using what and tightening up the ladder ?	tools
22753	He then cleans off a window using the tools and tightening up the ladder .	he then cleans off a window using the tools and tightening up what ?	ladder
22755	The raft completely overturns as he tries to make his way up .	what completely overturns as he tries to make his way up ?	raft
22756	Then the man straightens the raft and sits up straight in the raft .	then the man straightens what and sits up straight in the raft ?	raft
22758	The person ties up the calf while others ride in on horses and the men untie the animal .	what does the person tie up and the men untie the animal ?	calf
22762	A billboard is shown on a wall .	what is shown on the wall ?	billboard
22764	A banner is placed at the front of the stage .	what is placed at the front of the stage ?	banner
22766	The kids in the front hold up the banner .	what do the kids in the front hold up ?	banner
22769	He is eating a vanilla ice cream cone .	what is he eating ?	cone
22775	The girl is holding a hair curler .	what is the girl holding ?	curler
22778	A camera shows a person riding around a dirt track on a bike moving at a quick speed .	what shows the person riding around a dirt track on a bike moving at a quick speed ?	camera
22778	A camera shows a person riding around a dirt track on a bike moving at a quick speed .	the camera shows a person riding around what on a bike moving at a quick speed ?	track
22783	Two people are boxing in a ring .	how many people are boxing in a ring ?	two
22784	A man in a black shirt is refereeing the fight .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
22785	A woman is holding a camera taking pictures of them fighting .	what is the woman holding taking pictures of them fighting ?	camera
22796	The vegetables are places in a processor and pureed into a bowl .	what are places in a processor and pureed into a bowl ?	vegetables
22797	The mix is blended and put on the table to be served on the tortillas .	what is blended and put on the table to be served on the tortillas ?	mix
22802	We see a newscaster in a studio .	where do we see a newscaster . ?	studio
22803	We see a man operating 2 manual vacuum cleaners .	how many manual vacuum cleaners do we see a man operating ?	two
22805	We see a black and white TV clip .	what do we see ?	clip
22813	The women then run the horses along the beach while the camera captures them from several angles .	what do the women then run along the beach ?	horses
22814	Two men are seen doing a sumo move in a large circle surrounded by others .	how many men are seen doing the sumo move in a large circle surrounded by others ?	two
22815	One man pretends to fight a sumo wrestler and is pushed to the side very easily .	how many man pretends to fight the sumo wrestler and is pushed to the side very easily ?	one
22828	A woman in a white shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
22831	Two men wearing blue are inside playing a game of ping ping .	how many men is wearing blue are inside playing a game of ping ping ?	two
22833	One of them hits the ball up and stops their progress , they have to start again .	one of them hits what up and stops their progress , they have to start again ?	ball
22836	The camera pans out to more people and shows them performing an exercise that swings their legs back and fourth .	what pans out to more people and shows them performing an exercise that swings their legs back and fourth ?	camera
22838	A man is dressed in a black uniform and approaches a small circle that is in the middle of the field surrounded by green nets .	the man is dressed in a black uniform and approaches what ?	circle
22838	A man is dressed in a black uniform and approaches a small circle that is in the middle of the field surrounded by green nets .	what is the color of the uniform ?	black
22838	A man is dressed in a black uniform and approaches a small circle that is in the middle of the field surrounded by green nets .	what is the color of the nets ?	green
22846	A close up of a person 's feet are shown sitting in a chair .	where are the close up of a person 's feet shown sitting . ?	chair
22850	He kicks a ball into the air .	what does he kick into the air ?	ball
22856	We see a person sliding blue discs down a wooden table .	what is the color of the discs ?	blue
22857	The man moves to the other end of the table and the camera moves to see them from the end .	what does the man move to the other end of the table and moves to see them from the end ?	camera
22858	We wee the person slide all their blue then the red discs down the table .	what is the color of the discs ?	red
22860	The person grabs a blue disc and slides it two times .	the person grabs what and slides it two times ?	disc
22860	The person grabs a blue disc and slides it two times .	the person grabs a blue disc and slides it how many times ?	two
22860	The person grabs a blue disc and slides it two times .	what is the color of the disc ?	blue
22863	After , he picks up the skateboard and moves a few feet back and starts skateboarding .	after , he picks up what and moves a few feet back and starts skateboarding ?	skateboard
22864	Once done , he picks up the skateboard and holds it back down to his side .	once done , he picks up what and holds it back down to his side ?	skateboard
22866	She irons the dress for the girl as she watches .	what did she iron for the girl ?	dress
22867	Three girls are seen standing on a cliff hitting a birdie to one another .	how many girls are seen standing on the cliff hitting a birdie to one another ?	three
22868	The camera pans around their movements as they hit the birdie around .	what pans around their movements as they hit the birdie around ?	camera
22875	He pours egg into the pan and pushes it around with several vegetables .	he pours what into the pan and pushes it around with several vegetables ?	egg
22877	An animated intro screen has a lot of little Christmas pictures moving on it and white words appear that say `` Decorating The Christmas Tree '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
22878	The same animation continues to play and the white words now appearing are `` With Me , My Sis , Mom & Chris '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
22879	In fast motion , there are people in a residential home and they are winding strings of white Christmas tree lights around a very full and grown tree .	what is the color of the lights ?	white
22881	The camera is picked up and the man is now attempting to put a white star on the top of the tree while children are hanging around and talking .	what is picked up and the man is now attempting to put a white star on the top of the tree while children are hanging around and talking ?	camera
22881	The camera is picked up and the man is now attempting to put a white star on the top of the tree while children are hanging around and talking .	what is the color of the star ?	white
22882	The star is now on the tree , the camera is put back down , one of the girl hugs the tree .	what is now on the tree , the camera is put back down , one of the girl hugs the tree ?	star
22884	He indicated a blue block on the ground before stepping over it and kneeling on top of it .	what did he indicate on the ground before stepping over it and kneeling on top of it ?	block
22884	He indicated a blue block on the ground before stepping over it and kneeling on top of it .	what is the color of the block ?	blue
22888	He then garnishes the final product for serving .	what does he then garnish for serving ?	product
22900	Boats are seen pulling people on water skis .	what are seen pulling people on water skis ?	boats
22906	He loads an arrow in the bow .	where does he load an arrow . ?	bow
22915	They show many different clips from many different games , like a memoir of videos .	what do they show from many different games , like a memoir of videos ?	clips
22931	A hummer backs a boat down a ramp .	what does the hummer back down a ramp ?	boat
22935	She is adjusting her camera .	what is she adjusting ?	camera
22940	A skier comes down a hill makes a jump over stones and falls and rolls on the snow .	the skier comes down what and rolls on the snow ?	hill
22943	We see a black screen and the title .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
22946	The boy loses his balance and fall off the pole entirely .	the boy loses his balance and fall off what entirely ?	pole
22949	Two men play squash on an indoor court .	how many men play squash on an indoor court ?	two
22950	The left man in the white shirt misses the ball and the start over .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
22951	We see the man in the gray shirt miss the ball land stands up and pumps his fist while looking disappointed .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
22952	A little girl is sitting on the porch floor with her dad as he puts together a blue butterfly kite for her .	what is the color of the kite ?	blue
22959	Another person enters the restaurant and turns left .	another person enters what and turns left ?	restaurant
22965	People are playing beer pong at a party .	what are people playing at a party ?	pong
22966	People are drinking drinks from the table .	what are people drinking from the table ?	drinks
22977	A man jumps off of the brown horse and he lassos the bull to the ground in the beginning .	what does the man jump off of the brown horse and he lassos to the ground in the beginning ?	bull
22977	A man jumps off of the brown horse and he lassos the bull to the ground in the beginning .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
22978	Then he gets on another horse and he lassos a bull bigger than the last one to the ground .	what does then he get on another horse and he lassos than the last one to the ground ?	bull
22980	A cricket game is being played between two teams in front of a crowd of people .	what is being played between two teams in front of a crowd of people ?	game
22983	The camera cuts to a man laughing at a mistake made in the play .	what cuts to the man laughing at a mistake made in the play ?	camera
22985	Many more clips are shown of people riding around on skateboards doing flips and tricks .	what are shown of people riding around on skateboards doing flips and tricks ?	clips
22986	elephant is walking in a small water well playing with a ball .	what is walking in the small water well playing with a ball ?	elephant
22987	woman is talking in the camera and the elephant is again in the water well playing with the ball .	what is woman talking in the camera and is again in the water well playing with the ball ?	elephant
22987	woman is talking in the camera and the elephant is again in the water well playing with the ball .	where is woman talking and the elephant is again in the water well playing with the ball . ?	camera
22988	little elephant is playing with a big blue ball .	what is playing with the big blue ball ?	elephant
22988	little elephant is playing with a big blue ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
22989	A girl is standing at a sink , washing dishes and playing in the water .	what is the girl standing at a sink , washing and playing in the water ?	dishes
22992	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
22997	The man lights the fire and adds a few more pieces of wood .	the man lights the fire and adds what of wood ?	pieces
22998	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
23000	woman enters in the bathroom carying a white cat and the man kneels so the cat can stands on his back .	what is the color of the cat ?	white
23002	the man enters in the bedroom and the woman is sitting in the bed holding the cat .	where does the man enter and the woman is sitting in the bed holding the cat . ?	bedroom
23004	they are driving the car and are parked in snowy parking lot .	they are driving what and are parked in snowy parking lot ?	car
23007	More clips are shown of people curling on the ice while the man continues to speak to the camera and the game is shown in slow motion .	what are shown of people curling on the ice while the man continues to speak to the camera and the game is shown in slow motion ?	clips
23008	woman is wearing a red shirt and is standing talking to the camera in a white room .	woman is wearing what and is standing talking to the camera in a white room ?	shirt
23008	woman is wearing a red shirt and is standing talking to the camera in a white room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
23008	woman is wearing a red shirt and is standing talking to the camera in a white room .	what is the color of the room ?	white
23010	the woman is doing samba steps shaking her body side to side .	what is the woman doing ?	steps
23013	The product is shown in action , trimming a bush .	what is shown in action , trimming a bush ?	product
23021	Two straight attempts featuring a powerful spin result in the the discus flying far both times .	how many straight attempts is featuring a powerful spin result in the the discus flying far both times ?	two
23024	The next attempt occurs in front of a large green net , the discus is launched like a rocket and the thrower celebrates .	what is the color of the net ?	green
23025	Another set of photos close the montage .	what do another set of photos close ?	montage
23028	A Shih Tzu dog is standing on a table being groomed by an elderly Asian woman .	what is standing on the table being groomed by an elderly asian woman ?	dog
23029	Once she is done with the top , the lady the grabs the dog front left paw and takes a pair of scissors and begins trimming underneath his body .	what the dog front left paw and takes a pair of scissors and begins trimming underneath his body ?	grabs
23029	Once she is done with the top , the lady the grabs the dog front left paw and takes a pair of scissors and begins trimming underneath his body .	the grabs the dog front left what and takes a pair of scissors and begins trimming underneath his body ?	paw
23033	A white banner streams across the bottom .	what streams across the bottom ?	banner
23033	A white banner streams across the bottom .	what is the color of the banner ?	white
23039	The young man does various bouncing and balancing tricks on a tight rope a few feet above black mats .	what is the color of the mats ?	black
23040	The gets off the rope and walks on the mats off the floor and towards his group .	the gets off what and walks on the mats off the floor and towards his group ?	rope
23041	A woman is seen sitting in a chair while a man uses various tools to pierce her ear .	where is the woman seen sitting while a man uses various tools to pierce her ear . ?	chair
23044	man throw the ball with someone in the other side of the court and make a lay up and the kids behind him in the court do the same .	man throw what with someone in the other side of the court and make a lay up and the kids behind him in the court do the same ?	ball
23046	the kid make a throw and then score a basket adn the kids behind her keeps doing the same .	the kid make a throw and then score what ?	basket
23047	The sun rises over the hills .	what rises over the hills ?	sun
23052	A man picks up a bar and raises it several times .	the man picks up what and raises it several times ?	bar
23053	A man in a black shirt is standing next to him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
23054	Another man stands next to him and lifts a bar with him .	another man stands next to him and lifts what with him ?	bar
23055	A camera pans around a woman sitting in a chair smoking a cigarette .	what pans around the woman sitting in a chair smoking a cigarette ?	camera
23059	The two men are sitting in their make shift tent , fishing through a hole in the frozen lake .	how many men are sitting in their make shift tent , fishing through a hole in the frozen lake ?	two
23059	The two men are sitting in their make shift tent , fishing through a hole in the frozen lake .	where are the two men sitting , . ?	tent
23062	One of the men cleans the fish scales .	what does one of the men clean ?	scales
23063	Then they cut the fish into small pieces and clean them up outside their garage .	then they cut what into small pieces and clean them up outside their garage ?	fish
23065	The entire family sits together on a large dinning table and enjoy a delicious fried fish meal .	the entire family sits together on a large dinning table and enjoy what ?	meal
23071	They hit the ball back and forth against the wall .	what did they hit back and forth against the wall ?	ball
23078	The camera closes in on the pit and is seen placing logs around the side .	what closes in on the pit and is seen placing logs around the side ?	camera
23079	Two men are playing Foosball in a dark room .	how many men are playing foosball in a dark room ?	two
23079	Two men are playing Foosball in a dark room .	where are two men playing foosball . ?	room
23081	The man of the red team wins all four times .	how many times does the man of the red team win ?	four
23081	The man of the red team wins all four times .	what is the color of the team ?	red
23083	A person uses the toilet in a stall .	where does the person use the toilet . ?	stall
23084	The man leaves the bathroom without washing his hands .	what does the man leave without washing his hands ?	bathroom
23089	A person washes their hands in a stainless steel sink .	where does the person wash their hands . ?	sink
23090	A messy kid is eating an ice cream cone .	what is the messy kid eating ?	cone
23091	He bites the parents ice cream cone .	what does he bite ?	cone
23099	Children sunscreen safety is then talked about and how to properly protect your kids .	what is then talked about and how to properly protect your kids ?	safety
23101	A slide is shown to make us aware of when a sunburn is bad and needs medical attention .	what is shown to make us aware of when a sunburn is bad and needs medical attention ?	slide
23108	and with a little sponge and a little pin paint the nail with white blue and purple paint .	what is the color of the blue ?	white
23108	and with a little sponge and a little pin paint the nail with white blue and purple paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	purple
23110	woman cut a red paper and paint with frosty gray polish .	what is the color of the paper ?	red
23110	woman cut a red paper and paint with frosty gray polish .	what is the color of the polish ?	gray
23111	There is a hookah placed on a kitchen counter .	what is there placed on a kitchen counter ?	hookah
23112	A man wearing a black sleeveless shirt comes there and kneels down to begins smoking the hookah .	the man wearing what comes there and kneels down to begins smoking the hookah ?	shirt
23112	A man wearing a black sleeveless shirt comes there and kneels down to begins smoking the hookah .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
23117	She holds up a phone and speaks into the mirror .	she holds up what and speaks into the mirror ?	phone
23126	He removes varnish from the top of the table .	what does he remove from the top of the table ?	varnish
23129	Wearing gloves , he applies a stain to the table .	what is wearing , he applies a stain to the table ?	gloves
23131	A man is holding a yellow iron sitting on top of a box .	what is the color of the iron ?	yellow
23137	A pancake is shown with syrup being poured on it .	what is shown with syrup being poured on it ?	pancake
23138	Ingredients are placed in a bowl .	what are placed in the bowl ?	ingredients
23138	Ingredients are placed in a bowl .	where are ingredients placed . ?	bowl
23139	The man cracks an egg and whisks the ingredients in a bowl .	the man cracks what and whisks the ingredients in a bowl ?	egg
23139	The man cracks an egg and whisks the ingredients in a bowl .	the man cracks an egg and whisks what in a bowl ?	ingredients
23140	A ladle is shown next to the bowl .	what is shown next to the bowl ?	ladle
23142	The man flips the pancakes .	what does the man flip ?	pancakes
23143	The pancake is placed on a plate and syrup is poured on it .	what is placed on the plate and syrup is poured on it ?	pancake
23143	The pancake is placed on a plate and syrup is poured on it .	what is the pancake placed on a plate and is poured on it ?	syrup
23148	Another young man throws a bowling ball .	what does another young man throw ?	ball
23153	man is standing in front of a gray car in a workshop changing a car wheel and talking to te camera .	what is the color of the car ?	gray
23163	As the next scene comes , the lady is pictured with eight foiled curls in her head that are sealed with long hair pins .	what is , the lady pictured with eight foiled in her head that are sealed with long hair pins ?	curls
23166	a woman walks onto a blue lit stage .	what is the color of the stage ?	blue
23168	She is spinning and twirling a baton while she performs before disappearing .	what is she spinning and twirling ?	baton
23173	men wearing black uniforms are standing behind the cheer team .	men wearing what are standing behind the cheer team ?	uniforms
23173	men wearing black uniforms are standing behind the cheer team .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	black
23175	The man enters the building and walks up the staircase .	the man enters what and walks up the staircase ?	building
23175	The man enters the building and walks up the staircase .	the man enters the building and walks up what ?	staircase
23176	The man enters the gym room .	what does the man enter ?	room
23182	After , people practice shoe polish in group .	after , people practice what in group ?	polish
23184	A lady is cooking in a kitchen .	where is the lady cooking . ?	kitchen
23185	The lady pours ingredients into a bowl and stirs .	the lady pours what into a bowl and stirs ?	ingredients
23186	The lady stirs an egg mixture and mixes it in with her original bow .	the lady stirs what and mixes it in with her original bow ?	mixture
23188	We then see the finished product .	what do we then see ?	product
23189	A woman is standing in a kitchen .	where is the woman standing . ?	kitchen
23190	She begins dancing in the kitchen .	where does she begin dancing . ?	kitchen
23192	People are working out in a gym .	where are people working out . ?	gym
23193	They are stepping up and down off of black step stools .	what is the color of the stools ?	black
23198	A middle aged woman wearing a headpiece speaks to the camera while stiring with a spoon .	the middle aged woman wearing what speaks to the camera while stiring with a spoon ?	headpiece
23203	Once again he is in the water , and the boat slowly picks up speed , pulling the young man upright until he is skiing full-speed behind the boat .	what is once again he in the water , and slowly picks up speed , pulling the young man upright until he is skiing full-speed behind the boat ?	boat
23208	The people continuously hit the ball around the sandy field as the camera pans around them playing .	what did the people continuously hit around the sandy field ?	ball
23209	The camera pans around the group as they keep playing .	what pans around the group as they keep playing ?	camera
23210	A camera pans around the outside of a building and surrounding areas and leads into several shots of people riding bikes on a track .	what pans around the outside of a building and surrounding areas and leads into several shots of people riding bikes on a track ?	camera
23214	An older man in a yellow t-shirt stands by an opened garage and white car parked outside .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	yellow
23214	An older man in a yellow t-shirt stands by an opened garage and white car parked outside .	what is the color of the car ?	white
23218	A pair of men playing bagpipes enter the room before the bride makes her entrance with her father .	what do the pair of men playing bagpipes enter ?	room
23226	Then she walks away and comes back again and he rakes the leaves on top of her .	then she walks away and comes back again and he rakes what on top of her ?	leaves
23227	A man wearing a helmet and carrying a skateboard lays on a skateboard and goes down a bowling lane to knock over pins .	the man wearing what and carrying a skateboard lays on a skateboard and goes down a bowling lane to knock over pins ?	helmet
23227	A man wearing a helmet and carrying a skateboard lays on a skateboard and goes down a bowling lane to knock over pins .	the man wearing a helmet and carrying what lays on a skateboard and goes down a bowling lane to knock over pins ?	skateboard
23227	A man wearing a helmet and carrying a skateboard lays on a skateboard and goes down a bowling lane to knock over pins .	the man wearing a helmet and carrying a skateboard lays on a skateboard and goes down bowling what ?	lane
23230	People throw bowling balls after the person .	what do people throw bowling after the person ?	balls
23231	Two men laugh watching the man .	how many men laugh watching the man ?	two
23233	Two people are seen doing various martial arts moves to one another while a crowd of people cheer and applaud .	how many people are seen doing various martial arts moves to one another while a crowd of people cheer and applaud ?	two
23235	A girl is smoking a cigarette .	what is the girl smoking ?	cigarette
23238	The guy gestures smoking a cigarette .	what is the guy gestures smoking ?	cigarette
23248	The cars crash into each other .	what crash into each other ?	cars
23249	The kid in the green car crashes into the wall .	what is the color of the car ?	green
23249	The kid in the green car crashes into the wall .	where does the kid crash into the wall . ?	car
23251	The woman unrolls the curls from her hair .	what does the woman unroll from her hair ?	curls
23253	People are riding horses around an arena .	what are people riding around an arena ?	horses
23256	A man is doing gymnastics in a living room .	where is the man doing gymnastics . ?	room
23258	The bars are made from pvc pipes .	what are made from pvc pipes ?	bars
23259	A cooker talks in a kitchen and shows the inside of a sharpener knife that has discs inside .	what talks in the kitchen and shows the inside of a sharpener knife that has discs inside ?	cooker
23261	After , the man wash and dry the knife .	after , the man wash and dry what ?	knife
23264	Another boy holding a drink walks into frame and watches the boy play the game .	another boy holding what walks into frame and watches the boy play the game ?	drink
23267	Many men are in a building playing a group of ice hockey against each other .	where are many men playing a group of ice hockey . ?	building
23272	Two adults hold the babies hands and dance .	how many adults hold the babies hands and dance ?	two
23276	The baby picks up a toy dog and dances with it .	the baby picks up what and dances with it ?	dog
23277	Kids are riding small dirt bikes around a track .	what are kids riding around a track ?	bicycles
23279	A bunch of people are meeting in a raft shop .	where are the bunch of people meeting . ?	shop
23283	The people are white water rafting down a turbulent river , using their paddles in unison , going down small waterfalls together .	what is the color of the water ?	white
23285	A teen performs pommel horse spinning around , then jumps on the floor and goes to get power from a container .	the teen performs what spinning around , then jumps on the floor and goes to get power from a container ?	horse
23289	A woman wearing a wig is seen blindfolding another girl while others watch on the sides .	the woman wearing what is seen blindfolding another girl while others watch on the sides ?	wig
23295	Three people go tubing down a rapid .	how many people go tubing down the rapid ?	three
23303	Three men playing a game of racquetball are in a court surrounded by white walls .	how many men is playing a game of racquetball are in a court surrounded by white walls ?	three
23303	Three men playing a game of racquetball are in a court surrounded by white walls .	what is the color of the walls ?	white
23304	The man in white serves , followed by the man in the hat scoring on his serve .	what is the color of the man ?	white
23305	The man in the yellow shorts is next and manages to take the game over , serving several times to close the video .	what is the color of the shorts ?	yellow
23309	Two of them stand holding a rake and they play rock paper scissors .	what do two of them stand and they play ?	scissors
23322	A person is down below and is swinging a fabric and hitting it onto something .	the person is down below and is swinging what and hitting it onto something ?	fabric
23325	A person is throwing a disk down a strip of land .	what is the person throwing down a strip of land ?	disk
23326	A woman in a brown shirt is holding a red cup .	what is the woman in a brown shirt holding ?	cup
23326	A woman in a brown shirt is holding a red cup .	what is the color of the shirt ?	brown
23326	A woman in a brown shirt is holding a red cup .	what is the color of the cup ?	red
23328	A man in a black shirt is holding a stick .	what is the man in a black shirt holding ?	stick
23328	A man in a black shirt is holding a stick .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
23329	A boy in a white shirt smiles at the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
23333	A group of people are playing in white water kayaks .	what is the color of the kayaks ?	white
23342	As he reaches the dirt section , he he does three jumps .	how many jumps does as he reach the dirt section , he he does ?	three
23352	The camera shows a closeup of her dropping liquid into a contact lens .	what shows the closeup of her dropping liquid into a contact lens ?	camera
23353	The contact lens is held up for inspection .	what is contact held up for inspection ?	lens
23355	The woman puts the lens on .	what does the woman put on ?	lens
23356	The woman removes the lens .	what does the woman remove ?	lens
23357	The lens is held up for inspection .	what is held up for inspection ?	lens
23360	The woman places the lens into a container .	what does the woman place into a container ?	lens
23363	Two men stand on the far left of a beer pong table .	how many men stand on the far left of a beer pong table ?	two
23372	A truck is seen backing up and blowing leaves around while the camera captures the area around the truck .	what is seen backing up and blowing leaves around while the camera captures the area around the truck ?	truck
23373	The truck is seen again in several locations backing up and pushing leaves back away from the truck .	what is seen again in several locations backing up and pushing leaves back away from the truck ?	truck
23374	Two people are playing a tennis match on a blue court .	how many people are playing the tennis match on a blue court ?	two
23374	Two people are playing a tennis match on a blue court .	what is the color of the court ?	blue
23375	The man in the blue shirt misses the ball and walks away to talk to someone .	the man in the blue shirt misses what and walks away to talk to someone ?	ball
23375	The man in the blue shirt misses the ball and walks away to talk to someone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
23377	A man in a white shirt sits on a chair with a microphone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
23381	Two buses are parked in a parking lot .	what are parked in the parking lot ?	buses
23381	Two buses are parked in a parking lot .	how many buses are parked in the parking lot ?	two
23390	a bullfighter holding a red cloth is in field .	the bullfighter holding what is in field ?	cloth
23390	a bullfighter holding a red cloth is in field .	what is the color of the cloth ?	red
23391	a bull is running to the red cloth of the bullfighter .	what is running to the red cloth of the bullfighter ?	bull
23391	a bull is running to the red cloth of the bullfighter .	what is the color of the cloth ?	red
23394	He then grabs a paper towel and dries off his hands .	he then grabs what and dries off his hands ?	towel
23399	He uses an ax to hit a large piece of wood .	what does he use ?	ax
23407	Three men throw shingles off the roof .	how many men throw shingles off the roof ?	three
23409	Lemon slices are scooped from a jar and placed into drinking glasses on a steel counter top .	what are scooped from the jar and placed into drinking glasses on a steel counter top ?	slices
23411	The glasses are stirred with a stirring rod .	what are stirred with the stirring rod ?	glasses
23412	The glasses are seen set on the table and are slowly panned over from right to left .	what are seen set on the table and are slowly panned over from right to left ?	glasses
23418	A construction worker uses a handheld scraper to apply plaster to the bare floor .	what does the construction worker use ?	scraper
23419	A worker places tiles onto the floor and uses plastic cross spacers in the groves .	the worker places what onto the floor and uses plastic cross spacers in the groves ?	tiles
23421	The finished floor is seen after the job is done .	what is seen after the job is done ?	floor
23423	A man is climbing a cliff with all limbs .	what is the man climbing with all limbs ?	cliff
23426	There are two teams in an outdoor swimming pool playing against each other .	how many teams are there in an outdoor swimming pool playing against each other ?	two
23428	the players are playing with a yellow colored ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
23432	A boy then places a blind fold on his forehead as a man stand to his left examining his every move .	what does the boy then place on his forehead ?	fold
23433	The cube is then picked up off the counter and the timer begins as he attempts to solve the puzzle .	what is then picked up off the counter and the timer begins as he attempts to solve the puzzle ?	cube
23433	The cube is then picked up off the counter and the timer begins as he attempts to solve the puzzle .	what is the cube then picked up off the counter and begins as he attempts to solve the puzzle ?	timer
23434	After thirty five seconds , he pulls the blind fold down over his eyes and continues to try and solve the cube .	after thirty five seconds , he pulls what down over his eyes and continues to try and solve the cube ?	fold
23439	The woman holds up a disposable razor , then holds up a reusable razor and shows that the razor can be popped up .	the woman holds up what , then holds up a reusable razor and shows that the razor can be popped up ?	razor
23440	The woman is standing again and is now applying lotion to her leg .	the woman is standing again and is now applying what to her leg ?	lotion
23442	Three martial artists with black belts do a demonstration for younger children .	how many martial artists with black belts do a demonstration for younger children ?	three
23442	Three martial artists with black belts do a demonstration for younger children .	what is the color of the belts ?	black
23446	A man in a black suit talks in front of a television .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
23448	The camera pans around more mats laying out while the man still speaks to the camera .	what pans around more mats laying out while the man still speaks to the camera ?	camera
23450	The camera shows shots of the liquid and then shows the woman scrubbing down and washing the horse .	what shows shots of the liquid and then shows the woman scrubbing down and washing the horse ?	camera
23450	The camera shows shots of the liquid and then shows the woman scrubbing down and washing the horse .	the camera shows shots of the liquid and then shows the woman scrubbing down and washing what ?	horse
23451	She walks the horse away and shakes the bottle , showing more shots of her cleaning the horse with the bottle shown intermittent .	she walks what away and shakes the bottle , ?	horse
23451	She walks the horse away and shakes the bottle , showing more shots of her cleaning the horse with the bottle shown intermittent .	she walks the horse away and shakes what , ?	bottle
23452	Various clips are shown of a man wake boarding and doing flips followed by him sitting on a boat and speaking to the camera .	what are shown of the man wake boarding and doing flips followed by him sitting on a boat and speaking to the camera ?	clips
23455	A man holding a baton and wearing glittery tights is standing on a basketball court and is doing a routine of baton twirling , flips , and dramatic dances .	the man holding what and wearing glittery tights is standing on a basketball court and is doing a routine of baton twirling , flips , and dramatic dances ?	baton
23455	A man holding a baton and wearing glittery tights is standing on a basketball court and is doing a routine of baton twirling , flips , and dramatic dances .	the man holding a baton and wearing what is standing on a basketball court and is doing a routine of baton twirling , flips , and dramatic dances ?	tights
23456	The man twirls the baton very quickly and unexpectedly drops it .	the man twirls what very quickly and unexpectedly drops it ?	baton
23458	The building is being shown then the clock tower .	what is being shown then the clock tower ?	building
23465	Also , the man use the leaf catcher to collect trash in a bag .	where do also , the man use the leaf catcher to collect trash . ?	bag
23466	A man wearing a white shirt is holding a tennis racket .	the man wearing what is holding a tennis racket ?	shirt
23466	A man wearing a white shirt is holding a tennis racket .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
23477	Two players are playing a game of racket ball .	how many players are playing the game of racket ball ?	two
23478	One female takes a swing at the ball and hits it .	how many female takes the swing at the ball and hits it ?	one
23486	Several kites are shown up in the air while other children play with them .	what are shown up in the air while other children play with them ?	kites
23498	The video then fades to a black screen and asks you to subscribe to their youtube channel .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
23500	A person wearing an orange vest and black pants is working on tiling a room in a house .	what is the color of the vest ?	orange
23500	A person wearing an orange vest and black pants is working on tiling a room in a house .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
23501	He is kneeling down next to a pile of white square ceramic tiles and a bucket filled with grout and cement .	what is the color of the tiles ?	white
23502	He is smearing the floor with cement with a trowel .	what is he smearing with cement with a trowel ?	floor
23503	Then he places the square tiles next to each other in a straight line , making sure they are fitted tightly together .	what does then he place to each other in a straight line , ?	tiles
23504	He removes more tiles from the box to places them on the wet cement , making sure they are properly aligned with each other .	what does he remove from the box to places them on the wet cement , ?	tiles
23505	He continues placing the tiles to fill in all the gaps until the entire room is fully covered with the white tiles .	what is the color of the tiles ?	white
23511	Now , he has on head phones and starts to play the congas straight through with no interruptions .	now , he has on what and starts to play the congas straight through with no interruptions ?	phones
23513	The woman retrieves a new ball .	what does the woman retrieve ?	ball
23514	The woman retrieves two balls , then gets rid of one .	what does the woman retrieve , then gets rid of one ?	balls
23514	The woman retrieves two balls , then gets rid of one .	how many balls does the woman retrieve ?	two
23515	The woman retrieves another ball .	what does the woman retrieve ?	ball
23517	A person carpet cleans the carpet .	what cleans the carpet ?	carpet
23517	A person carpet cleans the carpet .	what does the person carpet clean ?	carpet
23520	They empty the bucket into another bucket .	what do they empty into another bucket ?	bucket
23523	He lays down in a barber chair .	where does he lay down . ?	chair
23527	They are on an outdoor green field at a school or community center .	what is the color of the field ?	green
23529	An adult is controlling the pinata trying to keep her from hitting it .	what is an adult controlling trying to keep her from hitting it ?	pinata
23535	The man then drops the ball on the court , hits it , then catches it when it returns to him .	the man then drops what on the court , hits it , then catches it when it returns to him ?	ball
23536	The man continues to talk as he holds the ball and racket in his hands and the screen fades to black .	what does the man continue and fades to black ?	screen
23536	The man continues to talk as he holds the ball and racket in his hands and the screen fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
23538	The man removes his glasses and shows us how to insert contact lenses .	the man removes what and shows us how to insert contact lenses ?	glasses
23539	The man shows the contact lens to the camera .	what does the man show contact to the camera ?	lens
23545	Two men are on top a ladder in a wrestling ring , a man is bend on the ladder .	how many men are on top a ladder in a wrestling ring ?	two
23553	They pick up the towel and wipe their face .	they pick up what and wipe their face ?	towel
23554	They grab a cup and turn the sink on .	they grab what and turn the sink on ?	cup
23554	They grab a cup and turn the sink on .	they grab a cup and turn what on ?	sink
23558	The man lines up his shot of the red ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
23559	The man hits the red ball .	what does the man hit ?	ball
23559	The man hits the red ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
23560	The man points at the blue ball the kneels in the grass .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
23563	People are talking in a room .	where are people talking . ?	room
23564	People are playing blackjack in a crowded casino .	where are people playing blackjack . ?	casino
23570	The hammer is seen landing with judges walking towards it .	what is seen landing with judges walking towards it ?	hammer
23570	The hammer is seen landing with judges walking towards it .	what is the hammer seen with judges walking towards it ?	landing
23574	Two people play foosball with a woman behind .	how many people play foosball with the woman behind ?	two
23575	One person scores and claps .	how many person scores and claps ?	one
23581	The person flies down the trail in the tube with another person following down afterwards .	where does the person fly down the trail with another person following down afterwards . ?	tube
23583	man is polishing the wooden floor .	what is man polishing ?	floor
23586	A young adult male punches and kicks a suspended punching bag .	what does the young adult male punch and kicks ?	bag
23592	He lays out more tin foil and wraps another object with it .	he lays out what and wraps another object with it ?	foil
23597	Two men play ping pong on front a crowd .	how many men play ping pong on front a crowd ?	two
23598	When the person with black jacket serves , the ball lands on net , also the young man fails to serve well and the ball lands outside the table .	what is the color of the jacket ?	black
23601	Two men are putting suntan lotion on each other at the beach .	what are two men putting on each other at the beach ?	lotion
23601	Two men are putting suntan lotion on each other at the beach .	how many men are putting suntan lotion on each other at the beach ?	two
23611	A woman wearing a leopard print jacket is sitting with a man in a hookah bar .	the woman wearing what is sitting with a man in a hookah bar ?	jacket
23613	She is holding the hookah in her hand ready to take her first puff .	what is she holding in her hand ready to take her first puff ?	hookah
23615	A woman in a dress is walking up stairs .	what is the woman in a dress walking up ?	stairs
23619	The man then grabs a frisbee and begins performing tricks with the dog .	the man then grabs what and begins performing tricks with the dog ?	frisbee
23622	The man asks the boy to see his work and pans the camera over to his wife .	the man asks the boy and pans what over to his wife ?	camera
23623	The man makes a joke to his wife and laughs off camera .	the man makes a joke to his wife and laughs off what ?	camera
23624	Two men are seen standing around a shuffleboard table followed by the men hitting pucks across the board .	how many men are seen standing around the shuffleboard table followed by the men hitting pucks across the board ?	two
23626	A woman talks in a gym , then she drives a static bike .	what does the woman talks in a gym , then she drive ?	bicycle
23626	A woman talks in a gym , then she drives a static bike .	where does the woman talks , then she drive a static bike . ?	gym
23629	Outside in the backyard two little boys in matching swim suits are playing with nets trying to catch a ball .	how many little boys do outside in the backyard in matching swim suits are playing with nets trying to catch a ball ?	two
23629	Outside in the backyard two little boys in matching swim suits are playing with nets trying to catch a ball .	where do outside two little boys in matching swim suits are playing with nets trying to catch a ball . ?	backyard
23631	The dad comes and throws the ball over and the boys run after it .	the dad comes and throws what over and the boys run after it ?	ball
23640	A person opens a round box and take off a bottle of nail polish and puts on holder .	the person opens what and take off a bottle of nail polish and puts on holder ?	box
23642	After , the woman close the nail polish bottle .	what do after , the woman close ?	bottle
23647	The man throws a dart .	what does the man throw ?	dart
23649	The woman throws three more darts .	how many more darts does the woman throw ?	three
23650	The man shows off his dart and demonstrates how to step .	the man shows off what and demonstrates how to step ?	dart
23651	He throws the dart from afar .	what does he throw from afar ?	dart
23665	Two other men stand next to him .	how many other men stand next to him ?	two
23671	A skater girl in a white t-shirt and shorts tries to jump with her skateboard and falls backwards hitting her head .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	white
23672	Two more skaters head around a curve , but one plows straight into a hay-stack , though luckily helmet-first .	how many more skaters head around the curve ?	two
23676	Two men lay the male down and look at his face , and another person moves a laying individual to look at the male 's face .	how many men lay the male down and look at his face ?	two
23680	A textured intro screen appears and a logo of a shoe is displayed along with green words that say `` VICKERMANN und STOYA '' .	what appears and the logo of a shoe is displayed along with green words that say `` vickermann und stoya '' ?	screen
23680	A textured intro screen appears and a logo of a shoe is displayed along with green words that say `` VICKERMANN und STOYA '' .	what is the color of the words ?	green
23681	The man then picks up a white cloth and rubs it all over the shoe .	the man then picks up what and rubs it all over the shoe ?	cloth
23681	The man then picks up a white cloth and rubs it all over the shoe .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
23682	The man puts the white cloth down , picks up a thick brush and brushes the shoe all over .	what does , pick up the thick brush and brushes all over ?	shoe
23682	The man puts the white cloth down , picks up a thick brush and brushes the shoe all over .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
23683	Then he puts the shoe and the brush down , picks up the shoelace and laces the shoe .	then he puts the shoe and the brush down , picks up what and laces the shoe ?	shoelace
23683	Then he puts the shoe and the brush down , picks up the shoelace and laces the shoe .	then he puts the shoe and the brush down , picks up the shoelace and laces what ?	shoe
23686	The man holds a mirror up to his back and smiles back to the artist .	the man holds what up to his back and smiles back to the artist ?	mirror
23687	There are some kids using a water pump to wash their hands at the Plumpton Park Zoo .	there are some kids using what ?	pump
23689	Then he goes on help another young boy wearing a black hoodie to wash his hands .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	black
23690	The three kids are having fun in the water as they wash their hands clean .	how many kids are having fun in the water as they wash their hands clean ?	three
23692	The lady blows the leafs as she walks around the yard .	what did the lady blow ?	leafs
23693	The lady points the tool at the camera and laugh .	the lady points what at the camera and laugh ?	tool
23696	She opens the piano and begins to play .	she opens what and begins to play ?	piano
23705	A camera pans all around a wooded area and leads into two people riding around on skis .	what pans all around a wooded area and leads into two people riding around on skis ?	camera
23709	The man then uses a marker to dig up the side of a table and fill it in .	what does the man then use ?	marker
23715	Two girls in karate class bow forward and then to each other before practice .	how many girls in karate class bow forward and then to each other before practice ?	two
23719	Two dogs wearing clothing run together up stairs .	what are wearing clothing run together up stairs ?	dogs
23719	Two dogs wearing clothing run together up stairs .	two dogs wearing what run together up stairs ?	clothing
23719	Two dogs wearing clothing run together up stairs .	how many dogs is wearing clothing run together up stairs ?	two
23720	The two dogs are shown running together amidst crowds in several different locations while following a man .	what are shown running together amidst crowds in several different locations while following a man ?	dogs
23720	The two dogs are shown running together amidst crowds in several different locations while following a man .	how many dogs are shown running together amidst crowds in several different locations while following a man ?	two
23721	The man teaches one dog to pull another by the leash .	how many dog does the man teach to pull another by the leash ?	one
23726	A man does wave wheels in a canoe .	where does the man do wave wheels . ?	canoe
23727	He is shown doing downstream momentum , rolling over in his canoe .	where is he shown doing downstream momentum , rolling over . ?	canoe
23732	People stand around to watch them work and the camera pans around the kids playing in the sand .	what do people stand around and pans around the kids playing in the sand ?	camera
23733	woman is painting the fence with white paint .	what is woman painting with white paint ?	fence
23733	woman is painting the fence with white paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	white
23734	man is painting a green bench in the park .	what is the color of the bench ?	green
23736	The camera pans down the side of a fence .	what pans down the side of a fence ?	camera
23740	They continue down the fence and remove some dead plants .	they continue down the fence and remove what ?	plants
23741	They show a product used to clean the fence .	what do they show used to clean the fence ?	product
23742	A man sprays the fence with the product .	what did the man spray with the product ?	fence
23743	He drops it and gets some paint .	he drops it and gets what ?	paint
23745	Boys are moping the tiled floor .	what are boys moping ?	floor
23746	A boy in short places his mop in a yellow bucket .	what does the boy in short place in a yellow bucket ?	mop
23746	A boy in short places his mop in a yellow bucket .	what is the color of the bucket ?	yellow
23746	A boy in short places his mop in a yellow bucket .	where does the boy in short place his mop . ?	bucket
23749	One person follows close behind a car in front of him riding his bumper .	how many person follows close behind the car in front of him riding his bumper ?	one
23751	The cars turn around and get out of the traffic jam .	what turn around and get out of the traffic jam ?	cars
23759	The camera follows the man around as he continues to scrap off the car and speaking to the camera .	what follows the man around as he continues to scrap off the car and speaking to the camera ?	camera
23761	A teenage boy completes a high jump landing on his back on the mat .	what does the teenage boy complete on his back on the mat ?	landing
23762	Several adults and teenagers are standing and sitting around the high jump mat while a boy in black does the high jump .	what is the color of the boy ?	black
23763	The boy in black does another high jump while another teenage boy watches in the background .	what is the color of the boy ?	black
23764	The same boy in black does a high jump while a taller boy in white walks past .	what is the color of the boy ?	black
23764	The same boy in black does a high jump while a taller boy in white walks past .	what is the color of the boy ?	white
23768	A third boy wearing blue does the high jump three times in a row with others in the background .	how many times is the third boy wearing blue does the high jump in a row with others in the background ?	three
23770	Two girls are standing up doing karate .	how many girls are standing up doing karate ?	two
23772	A woman in a black robe is standing up next to them .	what is the color of the robe ?	black
23772	A woman in a black robe is standing up next to them .	where is the woman standing up next to them . ?	robe
23773	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
23776	The timer reads The lady hula hoops for 2 minutes and seventeen seconds .	what reads the lady hula hoops for 2 minutes and seventeen seconds ?	timer
23778	We see the ending YouTube screen .	what do we see ?	screen
23780	A woman wraps a book in brown paper .	what is the color of the paper ?	brown
23781	A woman in a gray sweater is talking .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
23783	They finish wrapping the book and put the envelope on the front of the package .	they finish and put what on the front of the package ?	envelope
23787	Two suma wrestlers walk to a ring .	how many suma wrestlers walk to the ring ?	two
23793	To wrap a circular gift you will need ribbon scissors , paper scissors , ribbons , tape , Japenese using paper because its soft and strong and the color does n't come off .	what will you need , paper scissors , ribbons , tape , japenese using paper because its soft and strong and the color does n't come off ?	scissors
23794	A lady gymnast dressed in black leotards is performing gymnastics on bars .	what is the color of the leotards ?	black
23796	She successfully completes her round and jumps off of the bars .	she successfully completes what and jumps off of the bars ?	round
23801	A last clip shows someone going up a ramp on water skis and then crashing into the water .	what shows someone going up a ramp on water skis and then crashing into the water ?	clip
23802	A white fence is shown outside a house .	what is shown outside the house ?	fence
23802	A white fence is shown outside a house .	what is the color of the fence ?	white
23804	He scrapes the paint off the fence , then repaints it with fresh paint .	he scrapes what off the fence , then repaints it with fresh paint ?	paint
23805	The person is skiing down the high snow covered mountains .	the person is skiing down the high snow covered what ?	mountains
23806	A red helicopter is flying around as the skiers are climbing the top mountain .	what is flying around as the skiers are climbing the top mountain ?	helicopter
23806	A red helicopter is flying around as the skiers are climbing the top mountain .	what is the color of the helicopter ?	red
23807	The skiers ski down the slope , ride their motorcycles , went fishing , and ski .	the skiers ski down the slope , ride what , went fishing , and ski ?	motorcycles
23809	The person continues using the tool along the sides and the camera fades to black shortly after .	what does the person continue and fades to black shortly after ?	camera
23809	The person continues using the tool along the sides and the camera fades to black shortly after .	what is the color of the shortly ?	black
23813	A man in a black hoodie talks to the camera .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	black
23814	A second man in a blue hoodie walks in and talks to the camera .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	blue
23815	The man in the black hoodie shows off a bottle of mouth wash .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	black
23816	The two men talk to each other .	how many men talk to each other ?	two
23817	The man in the blue hoodie pours the mouthwash in two glasses .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	blue
23818	The two men take classes and `` cheers '' each other .	how many men take classes and `` cheers '' each other ?	two
23819	The two men keep the mouthwash in their mouths .	how many men keep the mouthwash in their mouths ?	two
23820	The man in the black hoodie shows off his t-shirt .	what does the man in the black hoodie show off ?	t-shirt
23820	The man in the black hoodie shows off his t-shirt .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	black
23821	The two men show off signs that insult each other and try to make each other laugh .	how many men show off signs that insult each other and try to make each other laugh ?	two
23822	The man in the blue hoodie laughs first .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	blue
23823	The men both spit the mouthwash in the sink .	where do the men both spit the mouthwash . ?	sink
23835	He rubs the paper along the wall and ends by looking up to the camera .	he rubs the paper along what and ends by looking up to the camera ?	wall
23840	The outro is a white screen with multiple colors on it that include logos , website and the name of the event .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
23843	Then grabs a needle and sticks it through her lip , he gets a piercing and puts it on for her .	then grabs what and sticks it through her lip , he gets a piercing and puts it on for her ?	needle
23847	At one point she throws the hula hoop accidentally but picks it back up and continues spinning with it .	at one point she throws what accidentally but picks it back up and continues spinning with it ?	hoop
23849	Two men introduce themselves in the beginning of the video and tell the viewers that they will be talking about tattoos .	how many men introduce themselves in the beginning of the video and tell the viewers that they will be talking about tattoos ?	two
23856	The people are walking in the street with marching band .	where are the people walking . ?	street
23857	The men in green vest are walking on both sides of the parade .	what is the color of the vest ?	green
23857	The men in green vest are walking on both sides of the parade .	where are the men walking on both sides of the parade . ?	vest
23858	The man in neon green jacket is taking picture of the parade .	what is the color of the jacket ?	green
23871	A person is washing a car .	what is the person washing ?	car
23885	Then , the woman paints two canvas using a bottle , when it is necessary the woman rotates the canvas .	what does then , the woman paint using a bottle , when it is necessary the woman rotates the canvas ?	canvas
23885	Then , the woman paints two canvas using a bottle , when it is necessary the woman rotates the canvas .	how many canvas does then , the woman paint using a bottle , when it is necessary the woman rotates the canvas ?	two
23886	Then , the woman puts the canvas on the floor and continues painting with the bottle .	then , the woman puts what on the floor and continues painting with the bottle ?	canvas
23886	Then , the woman puts the canvas on the floor and continues painting with the bottle .	then , the woman puts the canvas on the floor and continues what with the bottle ?	painting
23887	After , the woman hangs the paintings on the , then she puts the paintings on the floor and then hang on the wall to continues painting .	, then she puts what on the floor and then hang on the wall to continues painting ?	paintings
23889	They put the sandwich into a grill .	what did they put into a grill ?	sandwich
23894	Two teams are playing dodge-ball .	how many teams are playing dodge-ball ?	two
23895	A red team member runs up and throws a ball directly at an opponent .	the red team member runs up and throws what directly at an opponent ?	ball
23895	A red team member runs up and throws a ball directly at an opponent .	what is the color of the member ?	red
23899	The woman then grabs a paper towel and wipes down the sink counter , the inside of the sink and the faucet spout .	the woman then grabs what and wipes down the sink counter , the inside of the sink and the faucet spout ?	towel
23901	A man hold a dish with food while talking , then , two girls run in the field were other people are walking .	what do the man hold with food ?	dish
23901	A man hold a dish with food while talking , then , two girls run in the field were other people are walking .	the man hold a dish with food while talking , then , how many girls run in the field were other people are walking ?	two
23905	People pass a small waterfall with choppy water , and then they go down the river .	what do people pass with choppy water , and then they go down the river ?	waterfall
23914	Then , a man dry the car with clothes .	then , the man dry what with clothes ?	car
23915	Other cars are washed in a automatic car machine .	what are washed in the automatic car machine ?	cars
23915	Other cars are washed in a automatic car machine .	where are other cars washed . ?	machine
23916	After , people cleans the car with cloths inside and outside by hand .	what does after , people clean with cloths inside and outside by hand ?	car
23921	The man then lays a bar down and continues placing roof shingles on while the camera pans around .	the man then lays what down and continues placing roof shingles on while the camera pans around ?	bar
23926	The woman lies down and the man puts a needle into her lip creating a piercing .	what does the woman lie down and the man puts into her lip creating a piercing ?	needle
23929	She pours ingredients into a buckets , soaks the sponge in the bucket , then wipes down a mirror with a wiper .	she pours what into a buckets , soaks the sponge in the bucket , then wipes down a mirror with a wiper ?	ingredients
23930	A person is seen riding along the water in a kayak while another man watches him on the side .	where is the person seen riding along the water while another man watches him on the side . ?	kayak
23934	A woman in a blue shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
23935	A woman in a black shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
23955	A man dips a rag into a black container .	what did the man dip into a black container ?	rag
23955	A man dips a rag into a black container .	what is the color of the container ?	black
23958	We see three men on a boat in a lake .	how many men do we see on a boat in a lake ?	three
23967	He moves a knob and then continues to cut the grass and another woman is shown cutting the yard .	he moves what and then continues to cut the grass and another woman is shown cutting the yard ?	knob
23981	After , the person tap again the the chest , put toothpaste on the brush and brush the dog 's teeth .	after , the person tap again the the chest , put what on the brush and brush the dog 's teeth ?	toothpaste
23981	After , the person tap again the the chest , put toothpaste on the brush and brush the dog 's teeth .	after , the person tap again the the chest , put toothpaste on the brush and brush what teeth ?	dog
23982	When the person finish to brush , she kiss the dog .	what does , she kiss ?	dog
23985	The woman shakes the drink mixture and strains it into another glass .	the woman shakes what and strains it into another glass ?	mixture
23987	A curler prepares to make a curling shot while being watch be other people in the arena .	what prepares to make the curling shot while being watch be other people in the arena ?	curler
23990	A third shot is then made and the curlers allow the shot to knock out another puck .	what is the third shot then made and allow the shot to knock out another puck ?	curlers
23991	A man wearing a black hat plays guitar for the camera to see .	the man wearing what plays guitar for the camera to see ?	hat
23991	A man wearing a black hat plays guitar for the camera to see .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
23994	The camera pans to the rest of the backyard and fence .	what pans to the rest of the backyard and fence ?	camera
23995	Another little boy is painting the other end of the fence , and the camera goes up to him .	what is another little boy painting the other end of the fence , and goes up to him ?	camera
23997	The video then shows the two boys working together to complete the final panel of the fencing .	how many boys does the video then show working together to complete the final panel of the fencing ?	two
24001	A large fish is seen swimming under frozen water .	what is seen swimming under frozen water ?	fish
24008	He sprays his shovel with nonstick spray and shovels his driveway .	what did he spray with nonstick spray and shovels his driveway ?	shovel
24010	After putting down sand he drinks a warm beverage .	what is after putting down sand he drinks ?	beverage
24011	We see the ending credits screen .	what do we see ?	screen
24012	Several girls are outside in a large green field playing a game .	what is the color of the field ?	green
24013	The girl in front of the camera is dressed in a yellow shirt and black shorts hit the ball with the stick and begins jumping in the air .	what is the girl in front of the camera dressed in a yellow shirt and hit the ball with the stick and begins jumping in the air ?	shorts
24013	The girl in front of the camera is dressed in a yellow shirt and black shorts hit the ball with the stick and begins jumping in the air .	what is the girl in front of the camera dressed in a yellow shirt and black shorts hit with the stick and begins jumping in the air ?	ball
24013	The girl in front of the camera is dressed in a yellow shirt and black shorts hit the ball with the stick and begins jumping in the air .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
24013	The girl in front of the camera is dressed in a yellow shirt and black shorts hit the ball with the stick and begins jumping in the air .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
24016	People continuously decorate the tree moving quickly around one another and end by presenting it to the camera .	people continuously decorate what moving quickly around one another and end by presenting it to the camera ?	tree
24018	Various ingredients are then see laid out in bowls .	what are then see laid out in bowls ?	ingredients
24019	The woman mixes all the ingredients together and squishes them into tiny balls to plate in the end .	the woman mixes what together and squishes them into tiny balls to plate in the end ?	ingredients
24021	Once the gate opens a little cow comes running out and the horse chases after .	what does come and chases after ?	horse
24022	The rider throws a rope at the cow trying to catch it and then jumps off the horse .	the rider throws what at the cow trying to catch it and then jumps off the horse ?	rope
24022	The rider throws a rope at the cow trying to catch it and then jumps off the horse .	the rider throws a rope at the cow trying to catch it and then jumps off what ?	horse
24036	A man in a green uniform gives a high five to someone on the sidelines .	what is the color of the uniform ?	green
24039	The cat begins to fuss around and the woman continues to smile .	what begins to fuss around and the woman continues to smile ?	cat
24041	Two people are sailing on boards out on a lake .	how many people are sailing on boards out on a lake ?	two
24042	One person is seen sailing on their board until they fall off the board and into the water .	how many person is seen sailing on their board until they fall off the board and into the water ?	one
24043	A group of men are wrapping boxes on a table .	what are the group of men wrapping on a table ?	boxes
24047	The man wrapping finishes his box .	what finishes his box ?	wrapping
24047	The man wrapping finishes his box .	what does the man wrapping finish ?	box
24048	A young man wearing a hat is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a chart .	the young man wearing what is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a chart ?	hat
24052	The man lifts up the carpet , then the person gives the man a carpet runner with nails while talking both men .	what does the man lift up , then the person gives the man a carpet runner with nails while talking both men ?	carpet
24053	After , the man puts the carpet runner on the wood step and hummers the loosed nails .	after , the man puts what on the wood step and hummers the loosed nails ?	runner
24060	Then in another frying pan he adds some meat and cheese while his bread is toasting .	where does then he add some meat and cheese while his bread is toasting . ?	pan
24061	He then adds all the ingredients on the bread and cuts it in halves and begins to eat .	he then adds what on the bread and cuts it in halves and begins to eat ?	ingredients
24065	A camera zooms in on a weight with a person standing nearby .	what zooms in on the weight with a person standing nearby ?	camera
24069	The man throws the frisbee around with the dog while the animal brings it back .	what does the man throw around with the dog ?	frisbee
24075	Two men walk holding javelins .	how many men walk holding javelins ?	two
24079	Two more people walk into frame and begin hitting the ball around the area .	how many more people walk into frame and begin hitting the ball around the area ?	two
24082	The man bounces and catches a blue ball .	what does the man bounce and catches ?	ball
24082	The man bounces and catches a blue ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
24083	The man then hits the ball off the back wall and catches it .	the man then hits what off the back wall and catches it ?	ball
24087	She places meat and cheese on bread , then closes the sandwich .	she places meat and cheese on bread , then closes what ?	sandwich
24090	Two people are seen performing a fencing match back and fourth while other people practice in the background .	how many people are seen performing the fencing match back and fourth while other people practice in the background ?	two
24094	A sweater hangs from a rack .	what hangs from the rack ?	sweater
24095	The sweater is shown from several angles as a vacuum is used to pick up hair and lint .	what is shown from several angles as a vacuum is used to pick up hair and lint ?	sweater
24096	A large building is seen with cars driving by and people walking around an arena .	what is seen with cars driving by and people walking around an arena ?	building
24099	A shirtless guy spins a ball attached to a pole .	what does the shirtless guy spin attached to a pole ?	ball
24108	A male mows a lawn using a red riding mower .	the male mows a lawn using riding what ?	mower
24108	A male mows a lawn using a red riding mower .	what is the color of the mower ?	red
24110	A large , black dog runs across the lawn .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
24111	The man stops and reverses the riding mower .	what does the man stop and reverses riding ?	mower
24116	Inside a gym , two men hold two jump ropes .	what do inside the gym , two men hold ?	ropes
24116	Inside a gym , two men hold two jump ropes .	how many men do inside the gym , hold two jump ropes ?	two
24117	A guy in a ponytail jumps the jump ropes with hand stands .	what does the guy in a ponytail jump with hand stands ?	ropes
24118	A man in a black shirt watches .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
24121	The last time she falls , the camera rewinds and shows her falling backwards .	the last time , what rewinds and shows her falling backwards ?	camera
24124	At one point , he is holding a camera while falling in .	what is at one point , he holding while falling in ?	camera
24127	A little boy shines the shoes of a person using black shoe polish and make shine with a brush and a cloth .	what is the color of the shoe ?	black
24129	A boy cleans the tennis shows of a person putting white painting .	what is the color of the painting ?	white
24130	A man is playing a flute in front of a microphone .	what is the man playing in front of a microphone ?	flute
24133	One man is playing drums while the others are on flute and guitar .	what is one man playing ?	drums
24133	One man is playing drums while the others are on flute and guitar .	how many man is playing drums while the others are on flute and guitar ?	one
24136	While it is there , a boy is wrapped up in a bandanna and he is holding the stick on the left side of the pinata .	what is , the boy wrapped up in a bandanna and he is holding on the left side of the pinata ?	stick
24136	While it is there , a boy is wrapped up in a bandanna and he is holding the stick on the left side of the pinata .	where is while it , a boy is wrapped up and he is holding the stick on the left side of the pinata . ?	bandanna
24139	A woman in a blue shirt is holding a lacrosse stick .	what is the woman in a blue shirt holding ?	stick
24139	A woman in a blue shirt is holding a lacrosse stick .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
24141	A man in a black shirt is standing in a salon .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
24141	A man in a black shirt is standing in a salon .	where is the man in a black shirt standing . ?	salon
24144	A father and daughter are playing hop scotch on their tiled porch .	what are the father and daughter playing hop on their tiled porch ?	scotch
24145	The girl is wearing a blue sleeveless shirt and shorts and the father is wearing a gray shirt and shorts .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
24145	The girl is wearing a blue sleeveless shirt and shorts and the father is wearing a gray shirt and shorts .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
24154	Lastly , they put the skirt under the tree and end the video with a kiss .	lastly , they put what under the tree and end the video with a kiss ?	skirt
24155	There are two boys playing squash in an indoor squash court .	how many boys are there playing squash in an indoor squash court ?	two
24158	Two men are seen climbing along the hill and looking up to the camera .	how many men are seen climbing along the hill and looking up to the camera ?	two
24159	One man pulls the other out and climbs down while they and others speak to the camera .	how many man pulls the other out and climbs down while they and others speak to the camera ?	one
24160	A bike stands on a bumpy unpaved road .	what stands on the bumpy unpaved road ?	bicycle
24161	People rides bikes very fast in the road and giving high jumps when passing the bumpy part of the road .	people rides what very fast in the road and giving high jumps when passing the bumpy part of the road ?	bicycles
24164	man wearing red shirt is standing on a side .	man wearing what is standing on a side ?	shirt
24164	man wearing red shirt is standing on a side .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
24165	men are pacticing in a large green grassy field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
24168	He grabs an air pump and attaches it to the tire .	he grabs what and attaches it to the tire ?	pump
24169	He pumps the tire with air .	what did he pump with air ?	tire
24171	A dog is being bathed by a woman .	what is being bathed by the woman ?	dog
24173	She is now blow drying the dog .	she is now blow drying what ?	dog
24174	The dog is placed in the kennel next to a woman 's feet .	what is placed in the kennel next to a woman 's feet ?	dog
24175	A dog plays behind and with the groomed dog .	what plays behind and with the groomed dog ?	dog
24176	The dog now is getting a haircut .	what now is getting the haircut ?	dog
24177	Intro screen appears and includes an illustration of a man wiping the floor with a mop in a bathroom , a brand name and some other words .	what appears and includes an illustration of a man wiping the floor with a mop in a bathroom , a brand name and some other words ?	screen
24178	A white screen appears and it displays the logo brand , different pictures of the mop sleeves and numbers next to it .	what appears and it displays the logo brand , different pictures of the mop sleeves and numbers next to it ?	screen
24178	A white screen appears and it displays the logo brand , different pictures of the mop sleeves and numbers next to it .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
24183	A man with a orange shirt and blue gloves is shown operating a fire torch machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
24183	A man with a orange shirt and blue gloves is shown operating a fire torch machine .	what is the color of the gloves ?	blue
24184	Two more people are shown and and a close up is pictured .	how many more people are shown ?	two
24185	Lastly , the camera pans out on a man standing up torching away at a machine .	what does lastly , pan out on the man standing up torching away at a machine ?	camera
24189	A man is standing up in a red row boat .	what is the color of the boat ?	red
24189	A man is standing up in a red row boat .	where is the man standing up . ?	boat
24190	A boat flips over and the camera goes into the water .	what flips over and the camera goes into the water ?	boat
24190	A boat flips over and the camera goes into the water .	what does the boat flip over and goes into the water ?	camera
24191	Two people standing on a dock lift their boat out of the water .	what are two people standing on a dock lift out of the water ?	boat
24191	Two people standing on a dock lift their boat out of the water .	how many people is standing on a dock lift their boat out of the water ?	two
24192	We see two opening title screens .	what do we see ?	screens
24192	We see two opening title screens .	how many opening title screens do we see ?	two
24197	A man is holding two extremely dirty high heeled women 's shoes .	how many extremely dirty high is the man holding heeled women 's shoes ?	two
24199	He then uses a brush to polish up the suede material before spraying a white substance onto the shoe .	what is the color of the substance ?	white
24200	He scrapes it clean , then applies a new sole and spike to the heel .	he scrapes , then applies what and spike to the heel ?	sole
24201	He shows off the renovator can .	what does he show off ?	can
24205	Boats are going through the water .	what are going through the water ?	boats
24207	The boats continue to go through the water .	what continue to go through the water ?	boats
24209	He puts a dissolving tablet into a glass of water .	what does he put into a glass of water ?	tablet
24211	A large group of boys paddle around on a lake in red canoes .	what is the color of the canoes ?	red
24213	Two boys on a canoe back paddle to get away from the reeds on the edge on the lake .	how many boys on a canoe back paddle to get away from the reeds on the edge on the lake ?	two
24222	We see two men outdoors at night then day .	how many men outdoors do we see at night then day ?	two
24226	A man drills holes in a wall .	where does the man drill holes . ?	wall
24228	We see three men in a boat on a river .	how many men do we see in a boat on a river ?	three
24229	peolpe are running in street under a bridge .	where are peolpe running . ?	street
24231	The screen shows the words Shot Put Men .	what shows the words shot put men ?	screen
24232	Kurt Roberts , in a yellow top , throws the ball and a man rushes to measure the throw .	what is the color of the top ?	yellow
24234	Reese Hoffa steps up and throws the ball and a man rushes to measure the throw .	reese hoffa steps up and throws what and a man rushes to measure the throw ?	ball
24235	Reese adjusts his shirt and waits for his score .	reese adjusts what and waits for his score ?	shirt
24249	The Department of Transportation demonstrates ice and snow safety tips with a white car covered in snow .	what is the color of the car ?	white
24250	A lady in a red winter jacket places the keys in the ignition and starts the car .	the lady in a red winter jacket places what in the ignition and starts the car ?	keys
24250	A lady in a red winter jacket places the keys in the ignition and starts the car .	the lady in a red winter jacket places the keys in the ignition and starts what ?	car
24250	A lady in a red winter jacket places the keys in the ignition and starts the car .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
24252	He puts a hose in one sde of it and starts ro mess around with it some more .	he puts what in one sde of it and starts ro mess around with it some more ?	hose
24254	He moves it down more and pushing the carpet down , he does this to basically the entire room .	what does he move it down more and pushing down , he does this to basically the entire room ?	carpet
24255	A wall is painted by two men .	what is painted by two men ?	wall
24256	They then hang up wall decorations that are wallpaperlike in appearance .	what do they then hang up ?	decorations
24267	Then , the young man fasten the saxophone with a blue ribbon on his neck .	what do then , the young man fasten with a blue ribbon on his neck ?	saxophone
24267	Then , the young man fasten the saxophone with a blue ribbon on his neck .	what is the color of the ribbon ?	blue
24278	A woman introduces her home decor video , standing next to a chair .	what does the woman introduce , ?	video
24280	Next , she applies a silver paint to the chair .	what does next , she apply to the chair ?	paint
24281	She then dips her brush in a blue paint to cover the chair 's seat , back , and then arms/legs .	what is the color of the paint ?	blue
24282	Lastly , she places stencils on the chair and paints the insides white to decorate .	lastly , she places what on the chair and paints the insides white to decorate ?	stencils
24283	men are sitting in a black jack table in a casino and the dealer is spreading the cards to players .	what is the color of the table ?	black
24293	The boys are solving the rubik 's cube one is blind folded , one is solving it with one hand , others are solving with with both hands .	what are the boys solving , one is solving it with one hand , others are solving with with both hands ?	cube
24294	Black and yellow tokens slides on the floor while people holding sticks arrange the tokens on a painted triangle .	what is the color of the tokens ?	yellow
24295	Toddlers walk on the sidewalk and cross the road stepping on the tokens .	toddlers walk on the sidewalk and cross what ?	road
24297	Then , the man paints a roof with black paint .	what did then , the man paint with black paint ?	roof
24297	Then , the man paints a roof with black paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	black
24298	Two teams plays throwing balls to hit an opponent .	how many teams plays throwing balls to hit an opponent ?	two
24299	Two boys advance to the center and throw the balls , then they return to his place .	two boys advance to the center and throw what , then they return to his place ?	balls
24299	Two boys advance to the center and throw the balls , then they return to his place .	how many boys advance to the center and throw the balls ?	two
24300	After , the other team advance throwing balls and hit one player wearing purple t-shirt .	after , the other team advance and hit one player wearing what ?	t-shirt
24300	After , the other team advance throwing balls and hit one player wearing purple t-shirt .	after , the other team advance throwing balls and hit how many player wearing purple t-shirt ?	one
24300	After , the other team advance throwing balls and hit one player wearing purple t-shirt .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	purple
24302	People handle balls to players , then they go to the center to hit other team with the balls .	what do people handle to players , then they go to the center to hit other team with the balls ?	balls
24307	The man and the woman are on front a river fighting , and then hung his legs from a tree .	the man and the woman are on front what , and then hung his legs from a tree ?	fighting
24308	Cannons fires a home and a village , after an army fight in a field and cannons destroy homes in a village .	what fires the home and a village , after an army fight in a field and cannons destroy homes in a village ?	cannons
24310	A little girl is crossing the monkey bars .	what is the little girl crossing ?	bars
24321	Two people are seen standing around a gym hitting a birdie to one another .	how many people are seen standing around the gym hitting a birdie to one another ?	two
24323	The people continue to watch the two play and one off the side takes his shirt off .	how many play do the people continue to watch ?	two
24324	two sumos are on sides of a ring and the refeee is in the middle while people is in sands sitting arpund them watching them .	how many sumos are on sides of a ring ?	two
24331	A graphic is seen with logo title .	what is seen with logo title ?	graphic
24332	A Google map shows different city locations .	what shows different city locations ?	map
24334	The men receive gear from a rental shop including clothes and weapons .	what do the men receive from a rental shop including clothes and weapons ?	gear
24335	The two teams walk in a line together entering the course to play .	how many teams walk in the line together entering the course to play ?	two
24336	The men fill their gun hoppers with ammo .	what do the men fill with ammo ?	hoppers
24340	He hits the drums back and forth as they talk .	what does he hit back and forth ?	drums
24346	A tree is seen by the side of a road .	what is seen by the side of a road ?	tree
24356	A text graphic is seen with a title and description .	what is seen with the title and description ?	graphic
24361	They finally pack up a tent and carry it with them as they drive along .	they finally pack up what and carry it with them as they drive along ?	tent
24362	A camera pans away from a sign and leads into people pushing material around a floor .	what pans away from the sign and leads into people pushing material around a floor ?	camera
24363	A bend bends down around a floor and pushes the material around the room .	what bends down around the floor and pushes the material around the room ?	bend
24364	In the end the camera pans around the finished floor .	what does in the end pan around the finished floor ?	camera
24369	People are grooming and brushing dogs in a public facility .	where are people grooming and brushing dogs . ?	facility
24381	He is playing two drums in front of him .	how many drums is he playing in front of him ?	two
24383	A boy serves a tennis ball .	what does the boy serve ?	ball
24387	Then , the teen runs with the dog were other youth play frisbee , after the teen talks .	what were then , the teen runs with the dog , after the teen talks ?	frisbee
24389	A man walks a dog in a parking lot and the street .	where does the man walk a dog . ?	street
24402	A toddler hits a pinata with a bat while it is spinning .	what does the toddler hit with a bat ?	pinata
24404	The scene says River Scum with a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
24405	A kayak is going down a river while a person is paddling .	what is going down the river while a person is paddling ?	kayak
24406	A screen comes with words .	what comes with words ?	screen
24407	A small group of people are seen sitting in a raft with close ups of their feet and paddles are shown .	what are the small group of people seen and are shown ?	paddles
24411	A girl is jumping rope as people are watching .	what is the girl jumping ?	rope
24415	He is talking and adjusting a large stump .	what is he talking and adjusting ?	stump
24416	He uses the ax to split the wood .	what does he use ?	ax
24435	A close up of a person holding a bag is shown and follows with the person taking out the items .	the close up of a person holding what is shown and follows with the person taking out the items ?	bag
24437	He finally rubs the ski again and places the cap on the bar .	he finally rubs what again and places the cap on the bar ?	ski
24437	He finally rubs the ski again and places the cap on the bar .	he finally rubs the ski again and places what on the bar ?	cap
24438	A man chops a large notch into a lox with an ax .	what did the man chop into a lox with an ax ?	notch
24442	A camera pans around glasses of lemonade followed by a person squeezing juice out of lemons .	what pans around glasses of lemonade followed by a person squeezing juice out of lemons ?	camera
24443	The person mixes various ingredients together into a bowl and pours it into a glass .	the person mixes what together into a bowl and pours it into a glass ?	ingredients
24446	A girl riding a white horse fails to make her horse do jumps around a track .	the girl riding what fails to make her horse do jumps around a track ?	horse
24446	A girl riding a white horse fails to make her horse do jumps around a track .	what is the color of the horse ?	white
24448	A black screen with three rows of Arabic writing is shown .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
24451	The camera pans back to show a hotel with red lanterns in the air and crows of people standing and looking out over the beach .	what pans back to show the hotel with red lanterns in the air and crows of people standing and looking out over the beach ?	camera
24451	The camera pans back to show a hotel with red lanterns in the air and crows of people standing and looking out over the beach .	what is the color of the lanterns ?	red
24453	A sailboat is being swayed by a large wave .	what is being swayed by the large wave ?	sailboat
24458	A kneeing man runs a small grass cutter over the surface of the lawn .	what does the kneeing man run over the surface of the lawn ?	cutter
24459	The man mows the shaded green grass .	what does the man mow ?	grass
24459	The man mows the shaded green grass .	what is the color of the grass ?	green
24462	He places a cardboard box over wrapping paper .	what does he place over wrapping paper ?	box
24464	He tapes the wrapping paper around the box .	what did he tap around the box ?	paper
24465	The man ties a bow around the box as the camera slows down the motion .	what does the man tie around the box ?	bow
24466	He cuts the excess bow away , and we see a sticker with a woman 's face .	what does he cut away , and we see a sticker with a woman 's face ?	bow
24468	The dart board is shown on the wall .	what is shown on the wall ?	board
24474	After , two people walk on front the man , and one takes loosed wood from the log .	how many people walk on front the man ?	two
24475	A dog groomer brushes the coat of a dog with a brush that is sitting on a table .	what brushes the coat of a dog with a brush that is sitting on a table ?	dog
24479	We see a swiftly-moving , white water stream .	what is the color of the stream ?	white
24480	A man in blue rafting equipment and a helmet is watching from a bed of rocks .	what is the color of the equipment ?	blue
24481	We notice a man in a kayak and a yellow helmet coming in from the left .	what is the color of the helmet ?	yellow
24482	As he approaches , his kayak flips upside-down .	what does , flip upside-down ?	kayak
24483	As the view follows him , we notice another man seated on the rocks to the right in red with a white helmet .	what is the color of the helmet ?	white
24486	A fire place in a room is shown .	where is the fire place shown . ?	room
24488	A hardwood flooring in a house is shown .	where is the hardwood flooring shown . ?	house
24489	There are paint cans sitting on the floor .	what are there sitting on the floor ?	cans
24491	The manicurist puts some glass clear nail polish on her nails and then picks up a little bag of red glitter .	what is the color of the glitter ?	red
24494	A large crowd of girls walk into frame holding bars then put the bars down on the ground .	the large crowd of girls walk into frame holding bars then put what down on the ground ?	bars
24497	The individual sets aside the shoe and turns over the other shoe .	the individual sets aside what and turns over the other shoe ?	shoe
24498	The individual uses the thin implement to dig between the patterns of the shoe bottom .	what does the individual use ?	implement
24500	Then , the woman put on a foot and tie the shoe behind the tongue .	then , the woman put on a foot and tie what behind the tongue ?	shoe
24501	Then , the person put the other feet and tie the shoe , then she puts the tongues up .	then , the person put the other feet and tie what , then she puts the tongues up ?	shoe
24505	The two bow to one another and the woman stands next to the host shaking his hands .	how many bow to one another and the woman stands next to the host shaking his hands ?	two
24517	He scrubs the sink with the brush creating suds in the water while the facet runs .	what does he scrub with the brush creating suds in the water while the facet runs ?	sink
24521	A boy rides a scooter .	what does the boy rid ?	scooter
24532	The camera pans to another group of people who have also finished sliding down the slope .	what pans to another group of people who have also finished sliding down the slope ?	camera
24533	A man in a black shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field .	the man in a black shirt spins around and throws what onto the field ?	ball
24533	A man in a black shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
24535	Another man spins and throws a ball onto the field .	what does another man spin and throws onto the field ?	ball
24543	They hit the ball back and forth , trying to get it into the net .	what did they hit back and forth , ?	ball
24545	A woman in a blue bumper car bumps into the middle metal part and she seems stuck and ca n't move but suddenly she begins to move again .	what is the color of the car ?	blue
24545	A woman in a blue bumper car bumps into the middle metal part and she seems stuck and ca n't move but suddenly she begins to move again .	where does the woman bump into the middle metal part and she seems stuck and ca n't move but suddenly she begins to move again . ?	car
24547	A man is riding a black horse in slow motion .	what is the color of the horse ?	black
24551	A man in a brown sweater is sitting down and talking .	what is the color of the sweater ?	brown
24554	A boy in a blue shirt hits behind him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
24555	Several people are in a dance room and an instructor comes as they begin to dance .	where are several people and an instructor comes as they begin to dance . ?	room
24556	The six people continue to dance from side to side making arrows like a Jamaican dance .	how many people continue to dance from side to side making arrows like a jamaican dance ?	six
24557	As it continues , steps are repeated and throws fist punts in the air .	, what are repeated and throws fist punts in the air ?	steps
24559	He uses a tool to scrape the ice off the windshield .	what does he use ?	tool
24564	The camera reverses and he continues to blow smoke .	what reverses and he continues to blow smoke ?	camera
24568	There are 5 different people sitting in chairs playing accordions that has pianos attached to them .	how many different people are there sitting in chairs playing accordions that has pianos attached to them ?	five
24569	There are 2 women , and 3 men and all of them , look very serious about what they 're doing .	how many women are there ?	two
24572	Two person wears funny clothes and white wigs .	how many person wears funny clothes and white wigs ?	two
24572	Two person wears funny clothes and white wigs .	what is the color of the wigs ?	white
24573	Several people compete beer pong in a table full of cups with beer , then one person wins and people congratulates the winner .	what do several people compete in a table full of cups with beer , then one person wins and people congratulates the winner ?	pong
24574	Then , people plays beer pong unsuccessful , and then a man throw the ball in the far cup , then people hug the winner who receives a price .	where does then , people play beer pong unsuccessful , and then a man throw the ball , then people hug the winner who receives a price . ?	cup
24584	A green umbrella sits next to the track .	what sits next to the track ?	umbrella
24584	A green umbrella sits next to the track .	what is the color of the umbrella ?	green
24585	Two people give a news report about the importance of wearing sunscreen and talk with each other .	how many people give the news report about the importance of wearing sunscreen and talk with each other ?	two
24588	A man in a white shirt is putting a tile on the floor .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
24590	The camera zooms in on the tile .	what zooms in on the tile ?	camera
24592	A title slide is then shown , and then shows several ingredients used in a recipe for cookies .	what is then shown , and then shows several ingredients used in a recipe for cookies ?	slide
24592	A title slide is then shown , and then shows several ingredients used in a recipe for cookies .	the title slide is then shown , and then shows what used in a recipe for cookies ?	ingredients
24593	The video then shows the two boys mixing ingredients together .	the video then shows the two boys mixing what together ?	ingredients
24593	The video then shows the two boys mixing ingredients together .	how many boys does the video then show mixing ingredients together ?	two
24594	They roll the dough into balls and place them into an oven .	they roll what into balls and place them into an oven ?	dough
24598	A man wearing an apron is seen rubbing down several dishes while throwing them in a sink .	the man wearing what is seen rubbing down several dishes while throwing them in a sink ?	apron
24601	We see two men in a yard pushing an item in the grass .	how many men do we see in a yard pushing an item in the grass ?	two
24607	A girl in a black shirt and pink shorts is painting a wooden fence .	what is the girl in a black shirt and pink shorts painting ?	fence
24607	A girl in a black shirt and pink shorts is painting a wooden fence .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
24609	Two people are standing in a room .	how many people are standing in the room ?	two
24609	Two people are standing in a room .	where are two people standing . ?	room
24625	A woman shows tango steps moving and turning around while talking .	what does the woman show tango ?	steps
24633	The pinata is lifted and the boy begins swinging at the object .	what is lifted and the boy begins swinging at the object ?	pinata
24634	The camera pans around people watching while he hits the pinata and a little boy is seen clapping behind him .	what pans around people watching while he hits the pinata and a little boy is seen clapping behind him ?	camera
24635	A man in a purple shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
24639	He then cuts up a piece of bread , scoops out the insides , and fries up some meat .	he then cuts up a piece of bread , scoops out the insides , and fries up what ?	meat
24640	Finally he pours all the ingredients into the break bowl , wraps it up in aluminum foil , and shows more pictures of the sandwich .	finally he pours what into the break bowl , wraps it up in aluminum foil , and shows more pictures of the sandwich ?	ingredients
24650	Inside of the house on the couch two men are sitting , one of them is talking casually awhile the other is holding his arm out on a pillow .	how many men are inside of the house on the couch sitting ?	two
24651	The man is painting his friends finger nails , he seems to have done someone else 's nails also and made little red heart .	what is the color of the heart ?	red
24654	There are two children standing at a double stainless steel sink in a residential home .	how many children are there standing at a double stainless steel sink in a residential home ?	two
24661	Two young children are sitting in one of the bus seats .	how many young children are sitting in one of the bus seats ?	two
24669	A man holds a young boy in a life vest who looks like he is sleeping .	where does the man hold a young boy who looks like he is sleeping . ?	vest
24673	A man in a gym walks over to a barbell .	where does the man walk over to a barbell . ?	gym
24674	The man lifts the barbell to his chest , then over his head .	what does the man lift to his chest , then over his head ?	barbell
24685	A clear package of soft flexible hair curlers is shown on a black table as a hand picks up an unwrapped purple curler and fidgets with it .	what is the color of the table ?	black
24685	A clear package of soft flexible hair curlers is shown on a black table as a hand picks up an unwrapped purple curler and fidgets with it .	what is the color of the curler ?	purple
24686	The hand turns the bag around so that the contents are shown through the mouth of the bag before handling both the loose purple and pink curlers .	what does the hand turn around so that the contents are shown through the mouth of the bag before handling both the loose purple and pink curlers ?	bag
24690	A black screen appears and white lettering appears at the bottom right .	what appears and white lettering appears at the bottom right ?	screen
24690	A black screen appears and white lettering appears at the bottom right .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
24690	A black screen appears and white lettering appears at the bottom right .	what is the color of the lettering ?	white
24699	A barefoot woman in a purple outfit and beige headscarf is kneeling and washing dishes in an outdoor body of water in front of grass and a wooden platform .	what is the color of the outfit ?	purple
24699	A barefoot woman in a purple outfit and beige headscarf is kneeling and washing dishes in an outdoor body of water in front of grass and a wooden platform .	where is the barefoot woman kneeling and washing dishes in an outdoor body of water in front of grass and a wooden platform . ?	headscarf
24700	The woman rinses a bronze platter in the narrow body of water and proceeds to place it in an orange plastic bucket .	what does the woman rinse in the narrow body of water and proceeds ?	platter
24700	The woman rinses a bronze platter in the narrow body of water and proceeds to place it in an orange plastic bucket .	what is the color of the bucket ?	orange
24700	The woman rinses a bronze platter in the narrow body of water and proceeds to place it in an orange plastic bucket .	where does the woman rinse a bronze platter in the narrow body of water and proceeds to place it . ?	bucket
24701	The woman continues to wash other dishes and place them in the orange basket .	what is the color of the basket ?	orange
24701	The woman continues to wash other dishes and place them in the orange basket .	where does the woman continue to wash other dishes and place them . ?	basket
24702	We see a red light then the title .	what is the color of the light ?	red
24708	We see a lake , and a dog followed by a bike on a street .	what do we see , and a dog followed by a bike on a street ?	lake
24708	We see a lake , and a dog followed by a bike on a street .	what do we see a lake , and followed by a bike on a street ?	dog
24709	A man uses a knife to open a coconut .	what does the man use ?	knife
24711	We see two bikers flying through the sky .	how many bikers do we see flying through the sky ?	two
24712	We then see three bikers sitting still on their bikes .	how many bikers do we then see sitting still on their bikes ?	three
24713	We see the end title card .	what do we see ?	card
24719	The man sets the instrument under his chin and tightens the bow .	the man sets what under his chin and tightens the bow ?	instrument
24719	The man sets the instrument under his chin and tightens the bow .	the man sets the instrument under his chin and tightens what ?	bow
24720	The man undoes the bow strings and raps them around the violin .	the man undoes what and raps them around the violin ?	strings
24722	A green splash appears against a white back drown .	what is the color of the splash ?	green
24722	A green splash appears against a white back drown .	what is the color of the drown ?	white
24723	Then a series of words appear across the screen and showing various pictures describing the terms .	what do then the series of words appear across and showing various pictures describing the terms ?	screen
24723	Then a series of words appear across the screen and showing various pictures describing the terms .	what do then the series of words appear across the screen and showing ?	pictures
24727	Finally , several rooms are shown displaying the work they 've done .	what are finally , shown displaying the work they 've done ?	rooms
24731	She then catches a fish and is seen again in a bikini swimming around a whale .	she then catches what and is seen again in a bikini swimming around a whale ?	fish
24735	Once complete , the man grabs the rope and moves back and forth while pulling out the rope to exercise .	, the man grabs what and moves back and forth while pulling out the rope to exercise ?	rope
24737	A family is rearranging furniture in a living room .	where is the family rearranging furniture . ?	room
24738	They set up a Christmas tree in the corner of the room .	what did they set up in the corner of the room ?	tree
24740	They put bulbs onto the tree .	what did they put onto the tree ?	bulbs
24744	They kick the ball back and forth on the court .	what do they kick back and forth on the court ?	ball
24747	man wearing white uniform is talking to the camera in the field .	man wearing what is talking to the camera in the field ?	uniform
24747	man wearing white uniform is talking to the camera in the field .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
24755	Smoke fills an empty dark room .	what does smoke fill ?	room
24757	A group plays instruments behind them while they fight .	what does the group play behind them ?	instruments
24758	The two men end the fight with a hug .	how many men end the fight with a hug ?	two
24759	two man are in a room playing row row row your boat .	how many man are in the room playing row row row your boat ?	two
24760	two men are playing taking a selfie in a living room .	how many men are playing taking the selfie in a living room ?	two
24760	two men are playing taking a selfie in a living room .	where are two men playing taking a selfie . ?	room
24761	man is standing in living room playing beer pong and taking out his shirt .	what is man standing in living room playing beer pong and taking out ?	shirt
24763	two men are standing in the living oom playing beer pong and doing other shot games with a bottle of whiskey .	how many men are standing in the living oom playing beer pong and doing other shot games with a bottle of whiskey ?	two
24767	Initially he uses a piercing tool to make the incision on the belly button .	what does initially he use ?	tool
24771	In the end the camera man turns around and speaks to the camera with authority .	in the end what turns around and speaks to the camera with authority ?	man
24772	A man stands in a large room .	where does the man stand . ?	room
24776	A man is riding a skateboard down a suburban road .	what is the man riding down a suburban road ?	skateboard
24783	A horse stands alone , attached to a wooden trunk .	what stands alone , attached to the wooden trunk ?	horse
24784	A man approaches the horse holding two brushes in his hands and speaks for a bit .	the man approaches what holding two brushes in his hands and speaks for a bit ?	horse
24784	A man approaches the horse holding two brushes in his hands and speaks for a bit .	the man approaches the horse holding how many brushes in his hands and speaks for a bit ?	two
24791	The two girls hug each other and the girl who 's wearing the blue dress slightly pushes past the other girl .	what is the color of the dress ?	blue
24794	The man then plays the accordion and we see it up close .	what does the man then play and we see it up close ?	accordion
24798	Two girls check their wrists while one speaks to the camera and several shots of a wristband are shown .	how many girls check their wrists while one speaks to the camera ?	two
24802	The man allows the mower to spin around the object and cut the grass .	what does the man allow ?	mower
24803	It then pulls the object into the shed on the line and the door pulls closed .	what does it then pull the object into the shed on the line and pulls closed ?	door
24804	An add displays a web site about a business called happydogz .	what does an add display about a business called happydogz ?	site
24806	After , a couple pulls two dogs from leashes .	what does after , the couple pull from leashes ?	dogs
24806	After , a couple pulls two dogs from leashes .	how many dogs does after , the couple pull from leashes ?	two
24812	When she is done , a tea light is placed inside the pumpkin and lit .	, what is placed inside the pumpkin and lit ?	light
24813	A woman is kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
24817	She then opens the bottle and uses a holder on the side .	she then opens what and uses a holder on the side ?	bottle
24817	She then opens the bottle and uses a holder on the side .	she then opens the bottle and uses what on the side ?	holder
24818	She shows off the holder while still speaking to the camera .	what does she show off ?	holder
24820	The people hit a ball across a lawn one at a time and are seen laughing and smiling at one another .	the people hit what across a lawn one at a time and are seen laughing and smiling at one another ?	ball
24824	A man in a yellow construction top is inside painting the wall beige .	what is the man in a yellow construction top inside painting ?	beige
24824	A man in a yellow construction top is inside painting the wall beige .	what is the color of the top ?	yellow
24825	He goes from the bottom up and grabs more paint on his tool .	he goes from the bottom up and grabs what on his tool ?	paint
24829	A man is is laying carpet in a room .	where is the man is laying carpet . ?	room
24846	Two kids are jump roping outside .	how many kids are jump roping outside ?	two
24847	Two adults are kneeling down on the ground holding a jump rope for a kid .	how many adults are kneeling down on the ground holding a jump rope for a kid ?	two
24855	Someone is stroking blue paint up and down on a fence .	what is someone stroking up and down on a fence ?	paint
24855	Someone is stroking blue paint up and down on a fence .	what is the color of the paint ?	blue
24856	They put the paint brush in the paint again to gather more paint .	what did they put in the paint ?	brush
24856	They put the paint brush in the paint again to gather more paint .	where did they put the paint brush again to gather more paint . ?	paint
24858	They do that multiple times trying to cover all of the brown .	what is the color of the times ?	brown
24861	There 's a woman in a yellow tank top and black tights doing jump rope in a gym .	what is the color of the top ?	yellow
24861	There 's a woman in a yellow tank top and black tights doing jump rope in a gym .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
24865	There is a white cat on the bed behind her .	what is the color of the cat ?	white
24872	A man unzips his violin from the bag and plays a little bit for the camera while the reporter commentates .	the man unzips what from the bag and plays a little bit for the camera ?	violin
24887	A green team player runs towards the clear window .	what is the color of the player ?	green
24888	A camera pans around a mcdonalds and leads into a man speaking to a cashier .	what pans around the mcdonalds and leads into a man speaking to a cashier ?	camera
24891	A fridge is seen opening with two people grabbing onto a piece of cheese .	what is seen opening with two people grabbing onto a piece of cheese ?	fridge
24892	The two men fight then begin playing a game of rock paper scissors .	how many men fight then begin playing the game of rock paper scissors ?	two
24894	We see an opening screen then a sitting lady .	what do we see then a sitting lady ?	screen
24901	The closing screen is seen .	what is closing seen ?	screen
24909	A rusty ball is shown rolling down some type of man made ramp .	what is shown rolling down some type of man made ramp ?	ball
24911	A black scoreboard is finally shown and they begin to give the winner the medal and show the flag of the country the person is representing .	what is finally shown and they begin to give the winner the medal and show the flag of the country the person is representing ?	scoreboard
24911	A black scoreboard is finally shown and they begin to give the winner the medal and show the flag of the country the person is representing .	what is the color of the scoreboard ?	black
24912	A woman in a lab coat is in a hospital recovery room .	where is the woman in a lab coat . ?	room
24915	A man pulls a boot onto his foot seated in a chair inside .	what does the man pull onto his foot seated in a chair inside ?	boot
24923	After the start , everyone goes around the track as quick as possible .	what does after the start , everyone go around as quick ?	track
24924	Man in purple talks to the camera .	what is the color of the talks ?	purple
24928	a camera shows a group of people sitting around a gymnasium floor with a few standing and one crossing his arms .	what shows the group of people sitting around a gymnasium floor with a few standing and one crossing his arms ?	camera
24930	There 's a woman in a pink shirt and black shorts training a dog on a large open lawn .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
24932	Every time she throws the disc , the dog gets excited and runs and fetches the disc for her .	what does every time she throw , the dog gets excited and runs and fetches the disc for her ?	disc
24933	The dog is well trained to catch the disc in its mouth almost every time without missing it .	what is well trained to catch the disc in its mouth almost every time without missing it ?	dog
24935	An emblem appears on the screen .	what appears on the screen ?	emblem
24946	Two girls are seen waving to the camera while one holds up a drink and the other plays with her hair .	how many girls are seen waving to the camera while one holds up a drink and the other plays with her hair ?	two
24949	The boys leave the art piece leaving just one boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone .	what do the boys leave leaving just one boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone ?	piece
24949	The boys leave the art piece leaving just one boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone .	the boys leave the art piece leaving how many boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone ?	one
24949	The boys leave the art piece leaving just one boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	red
24957	A dog is shown running up steps to a building .	what is shown running up steps to a building ?	dog
24958	They go inside , and it 's a dog grooming salon .	what do they go inside , and it 's grooming salon ?	dog
24958	They go inside , and it 's a dog grooming salon .	they go inside , and it 's a dog grooming what ?	salon
24960	The dog is rinsed , soaped , bathed and clipped on the machine .	what is rinsed , soaped , bathed and clipped on the machine ?	dog
24961	A store front is seen from the outside .	what is seen from the outside ?	front
24962	A store owner stands behind a display wall and discusses .	what stands behind the display wall and discusses ?	owner
24963	Paintball players run through a grassy court with obstacles and aim their weapons .	paintball players run through a grassy court with obstacles and aim what ?	weapons
24964	The store owner displays different face masks for the sport .	what displays different face masks for the sport ?	owner
24967	A man in blue shirt drink a big glass of beer .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
24969	The man in blue shirt finished his drink and put it down , and the blonde man cheered .	the man in blue shirt finished what and put it down , and the blonde man cheered ?	drink
24969	The man in blue shirt finished his drink and put it down , and the blonde man cheered .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
24972	A girl wearing a white coat with hood is next to man and a woman on side of a pool table .	the girl wearing what with hood is next to man and a woman on side of a pool table ?	coat
24972	A girl wearing a white coat with hood is next to man and a woman on side of a pool table .	what is the color of the coat ?	white
24976	A girl in a purple outfit gets onto a balance beam .	what is the color of the outfit ?	purple
24980	Several cars are parked in a parking lot .	what are parked in the parking lot ?	cars
24983	She pets the cat to calm him down .	what does she pet ?	cat
24986	The station shows for what channel it is that is being watched .	what shows for what channel it is that is being watched ?	station
24989	A man is standing up and throws a rock .	the man is standing up and throws what ?	rock
24992	We see a boy brushing his teeth and dancing in the bathroom .	where do we see a boy brushing his teeth and dancing . ?	bathroom
25004	Women serves drinks from a fountain .	what does women serve from a fountain ?	drinks
25011	A trolley rolls along a street with a conductor hanging out of the window .	what rolls along the street with a conductor hanging out of the window ?	trolley
25013	We see a black screen and the credits .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25017	The screen changes to black for a moment .	what changes to black for a moment ?	screen
25017	The screen changes to black for a moment .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25018	We see the screen change again and the person lines the back of the man 's head .	what do we see again and the person lines the back of the man 's head ?	change
25020	The screen fades to black and the ending credits roll .	what fades to black and the ending credits roll ?	screen
25020	The screen fades to black and the ending credits roll .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25023	The camera pans around the group of people dressed as pirates and in other various costumes .	what pans around the group of people dressed as pirates and in other various costumes ?	camera
25027	The athlete is putting on his red sneakers , then he talked to the camera , and then run in the indoor tracking field .	what is the color of the sneakers ?	red
25030	A boy in an orange shirt is playing a video game .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
25033	The camera zooms in on the controller .	what zooms in on the controller ?	camera
25036	The camera shows the TV with the back of the boy 's head .	what shows the tv with the back of the boy 's head ?	camera
25040	The boy gets up and leaves the room .	the boy gets up and leaves what ?	room
25050	We then see a child in gray skiing in front of the camera operator .	what is the color of the skiing ?	gray
25051	the child falls off their skis and lays in the snow .	the child falls off what and lays in the snow ?	skis
25052	The camera person stops and wipes snow from the kids goggles and turns off the camera .	the camera person stops and wipes snow from the kids goggles and turns off what ?	camera
25053	A horse is behind a yellow gate as a man sits on top holding a rope .	what is behind the yellow gate as a man sits on top holding a rope ?	horse
25053	A horse is behind a yellow gate as a man sits on top holding a rope .	what is the color of the gate ?	yellow
25054	The gate is opened , and a black calf comes running out into the field of dirt .	what is opened , and the black calf comes running out into the field of dirt ?	gate
25054	The gate is opened , and a black calf comes running out into the field of dirt .	what is the gate opened , and comes running out into the field of dirt ?	calf
25054	The gate is opened , and a black calf comes running out into the field of dirt .	what is the color of the calf ?	black
25058	The men begin a game of volleyball and hit the ball all around the area .	the men begin a game of volleyball and hit what all around the area ?	ball
25069	The person pushes a different rod through the holes created by the initial piercing .	what does the person push through the holes created by the initial piercing ?	rod
25070	The person caps the new rod on both ends .	what did the person cap on both ends ?	rod
25072	Outside a man is using a leaf blower using it to blow a pile of leaves .	what is outside the man using ?	blower
25078	When the person rubs on the smaller object , it puts a white residue on the surface .	what is the color of the residue ?	white
25079	When the person rubs on the brown object , it removes the residue .	what is the color of the object ?	brown
25083	A black man gymnast prepares to perform on a parallel bar exhibition .	what is the color of the gymnast ?	black
25084	The man mounts the parallel bar and goes into a handstand and performs a series of spins and moves .	the man mounts what and goes into a handstand and performs a series of spins and moves ?	bar
25089	A chair appears with the wallpaper .	what appears with the wallpaper ?	chair
25093	They hit the cue ball into the other balls .	what did they hit into the other balls ?	ball
25097	A girl dressed as a tomboy and a boy dressed in a red shirt are standing in a room across from each other in a messy room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
25098	The two begin to grab each other and they begin salsa dancing .	what do the two begin and they begin ?	dancing
25103	A sign appears in a yard and a red van comes traveling down the road .	what is the color of the van ?	red
25105	As he continues down the river , he hits a few rocks along the way and begins to bobble up and down before returning back in front of the red van .	what is the color of the van ?	red
25109	There are two guys standing on a large blue mat in a gym and they are both wearing shorts and a pair of boxing gloves .	how many guys are there standing on a large blue mat in a gym ?	two
25109	There are two guys standing on a large blue mat in a gym and they are both wearing shorts and a pair of boxing gloves .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
25114	A dog stands with a sweater .	what stands with the sweater ?	dog
25115	Two people are seen speaking to the camera with one holding a pot and the other handing him ingredients .	how many people are seen speaking to the camera with one holding a pot and the other handing him ingredients ?	two
25116	The other then mixes the ingredients into a bowl and pouts it into a pan .	the other then mixes what into a bowl and pouts it into a pan ?	ingredients
25118	A man wearing glasses is seen stepping into frame and playing an accordion .	the man wearing what is seen stepping into frame and playing an accordion ?	glasses
25120	Two young girls are in a gym and they do a side ways hurtles over a bar in the middle of the gym .	how many young girls are in the gym ?	two
25120	Two young girls are in a gym and they do a side ways hurtles over a bar in the middle of the gym .	where are two young girls and they do a side ways hurtles over a bar in the middle of the gym . ?	gym
25122	4 men are in a square doing break dance while people is gathered around them watching them dance and do tricks in front of a lot of stores .	how many men are in the square doing break dance while people is gathered around them watching them dance and do tricks in front of a lot of stores ?	four
25127	A man is standing outside of a home talking with a large silver pole in his hand that has a yellow rope attached to it .	what is the color of the rope ?	yellow
25135	She is using a a scouring tool to scratch off the wallpaper from the wall .	what is she using ?	tool
25142	They paddle quickly down the river through the raging white rapids and over small waterfalls .	what is the color of the rapids ?	white
25144	A title screen appears in red letters and then fades out in a martial arts classroom .	what appears in red letters and then fades out in a martial arts classroom ?	screen
25144	A title screen appears in red letters and then fades out in a martial arts classroom .	what is the color of the letters ?	red
25146	A camera shoots various shots all around a city and shoe store .	what shoots various shots all around a city and shoe store ?	camera
25156	a list of ingredients is shown and the items are in a white table .	what is the color of the table ?	white
25157	fist a bag of tea is sumerge in boiled water and added some syrup into a starbucks cup .	fist a bag of tea is sumerge in boiled water and added what into a starbucks cup ?	syrup
25158	A news station ad appears on the screen .	what appears on the screen ?	ad
25159	We see two reporters outdoors , talking with members of a running team .	how many reporters outdoors do we see , talking with members of a running team ?	two
25163	She opens the bread , and applies meat , cheese , pickles , and mustard .	she opens what , and applies meat , cheese , pickles , and mustard ?	bread
25164	She closes the sandwiches , and puts them in a heated panini press .	she closes what , and puts them in a heated panini press ?	sandwiches
25165	She removes the sandwiches as they are toasted , and plates them .	what does she remove ?	sandwiches
25169	Then , the woman stands on front the cat , and the person holds the cat from a neck .	what does then , the woman stand on front the cat , and the person holds from a neck ?	cat
25170	After , the woman cuts the nails of the front legs , but the cat kicks .	what does after , the woman cut the nails of the front legs , but kicks ?	cat
25171	A person wearing black clothes enters the room .	the person wearing what enters the room ?	clothes
25171	A person wearing black clothes enters the room .	what is the person wearing black clothes enters ?	room
25171	A person wearing black clothes enters the room .	what is the color of the clothes ?	black
25176	A man wearing headphones is seen speaking into a microphone and begins playing a harmonica into the mic .	the man wearing what is seen speaking into a microphone and begins playing a harmonica into the mic ?	headphones
25181	A woman in a blue shirt is walking along a slack line .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
25182	She falls off and grabs the rope .	she falls off and grabs what ?	rope
25187	Several schools are shown and the SB4TS is in the bottom right corner as a group in blue shirts and black pants begin to perform and make various formations .	what is the color of the shirts ?	blue
25187	Several schools are shown and the SB4TS is in the bottom right corner as a group in blue shirts and black pants begin to perform and make various formations .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
25188	A gyros restaurant is shown from the outside .	what is shown from the outside ?	restaurant
25191	He places all the ingredients on the counter , shaves the meat , and begins to stack them inside the pita .	he places what on the counter , shaves the meat , and begins to stack them inside the pita ?	ingredients
25191	He places all the ingredients on the counter , shaves the meat , and begins to stack them inside the pita .	he places all the ingredients on the counter , shaves what , and begins to stack them inside the pita ?	meat
25192	He continues talking for the camera , then serves the camera man a gyro .	, then serves what the gyro ?	man
25192	He continues talking for the camera , then serves the camera man a gyro .	, then serves the camera man what ?	gyro
25195	He then puts the torch down and zooms in on the bar .	he then puts what down and zooms in on the bar ?	torch
25208	A man in a white shirt is standing up next to the table .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
25213	Two people are seen standing ready with one running down a track and into a sand pit .	how many people are seen standing ready with one running down a track and into a sand pit ?	two
25221	The dart hits the bullseye .	what hits the bullseye ?	dart
25222	A small group of people are seen walking the red carpet and speaking to one another .	what is the color of the carpet ?	red
25224	More clips are shown of him playing a sport and speaking to the host and shaking his hand .	what are shown of him playing a sport and speaking to the host and shaking his hand ?	clips
25228	More clips are shown of the actors playing with one another and a man showing the footage on a computer while speaking to the camera .	what are shown of the actors playing with one another and a man showing the footage on a computer while speaking to the camera ?	clips
25230	A woman dressed in all black with a visor and sunglasses is talking holding a paddle .	what is the color of the woman ?	black
25231	Once she is done talking , she begins kayaking with her white dog between her legs .	what is the color of the dog ?	white
25239	Two men are seen speaking to the camera when another walks into frame laughing and walks away .	how many men are seen speaking to the camera when another walks into frame laughing and walks away ?	two
25245	Once complete , she takes the hair out of the vacuum and dumps it into a big black trash bag .	what is the color of the bag ?	black
25246	A blonde women runs jumps and twist a lands on the padding .	the blonde women runs jumps and twist what on the padding ?	lands
25251	One guy stands up with a violin .	how many guy stands up with the violin ?	one
25253	The guy kicks his shoe off while dancing .	what does the guy kick off while dancing ?	shoe
25254	The guy sits down and plays the violin .	the guy sits down and plays what ?	violin
25256	They are dressed in maroon and yellow colored uniforms and white hats .	what is the color of the hats ?	white
25265	More pictures are shown of the carpet as well as her kneeling down and she empties out a vacuum while still speaking to the camera .	what are shown of the carpet as well as her kneeling down and she empties out a vacuum while still speaking to the camera ?	pictures
25271	A woman on the phone with the company walks up and hands the phone to her husband .	the woman on the phone with the company walks up and hands what to her husband ?	phone
25273	the man tries to lift the weight two times and drops it .	the man tries to lift the weight how many times and drops it ?	two
25274	The man lifts the weight three times and walks away .	the man lifts the weight how many times and walks away ?	three
25275	The man lifts the weight two times .	how many times does the man lift the weight ?	two
25276	the man lifts the weight three times and walks away .	the man lifts the weight how many times and walks away ?	three
25277	The man lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt .	the man lifts the weight what and removes his weight lifting belt ?	tines
25277	The man lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt .	the man lifts the weight two tines and removes what ?	belt
25277	The man lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt .	the man lifts the weight how many tines and removes his weight lifting belt ?	two
25282	We see three people riding stationary bikes in a gym .	we see three people riding what in a gym ?	bicycles
25282	We see three people riding stationary bikes in a gym .	how many people do we see riding stationary bikes in a gym ?	three
25283	The camera moves closer to the bikers .	what moves closer to the bikers ?	camera
25287	The lady is riding her bike slowly .	what is the lady riding slowly ?	bicycle
25288	We see the closing screen on a blue background .	what is the color of the background ?	blue
25291	She runs along the boardwalk as well as past people and ends with her running a race and being interviewed .	she runs along what as well as past people and ends with her running a race and being interviewed ?	boardwalk
25292	People are rock climbing up rocks .	what are people climbing up rocks ?	rock
25292	People are rock climbing up rocks .	people are rock climbing up what ?	rocks
25294	A gymnast wearing a magenta leotard is performing on the horse bar .	the gymnast wearing what is performing on the horse bar ?	leotard
25298	She completes her round after she jumps off of the horse bar doing a back flip .	what does she complete ?	round
25302	The horse runs from bull in the pen .	what runs from bull in the pen ?	horse
25306	A man wearing a black shirt is sitting and playing the guitar in front of a black backdrop .	the man wearing what is sitting and playing the guitar in front of a black backdrop ?	shirt
25306	A man wearing a black shirt is sitting and playing the guitar in front of a black backdrop .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
25306	A man wearing a black shirt is sitting and playing the guitar in front of a black backdrop .	what is the color of the backdrop ?	black
25314	A meal is cooked in a frying pan .	what is cooked in the frying pan ?	meal
25314	A meal is cooked in a frying pan .	where is the meal cooked . ?	pan
25317	Jet skis pull surfers towards waves in the ocean .	what pull surfers towards waves in the ocean ?	skis
25321	We see one team up close .	how many team do we see up close ?	one
25323	The racers pass a banner and we see the green team again .	what do the racers pass and we see the green team again ?	banner
25323	The racers pass a banner and we see the green team again .	what is the color of the team ?	green
25326	A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins polishing a black shoe with a brush .	what is the color of the shoe ?	black
25327	He points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands .	he points around the shoe and flips what around with his hands ?	shoe
25331	There is a large gymnasium where three gymnasts are performing gymnastics .	there is a large gymnasium where how many gymnasts are performing gymnastics ?	three
25332	There 's one gymnast in orange leotards swinging on the rod and another gymnast next to him also swinging on the bars .	how many gymnast does there 's in orange leotards swinging on the rod and another gymnast next to him also swinging on the bars ?	one
25332	There 's one gymnast in orange leotards swinging on the rod and another gymnast next to him also swinging on the bars .	what is the color of the leotards ?	orange
25335	The gymnast in the orange leotards does another front swing and then gets off the bars and walks away .	the gymnast in the orange leotards does another front swing and then gets off what and walks away ?	bars
25335	The gymnast in the orange leotards does another front swing and then gets off the bars and walks away .	what is the color of the leotards ?	orange
25338	We see a tree with leaves blowing int he wind .	what do we see with leaves blowing int he wind ?	tree
25342	The man picks up and smells a twig with leaves .	the man picks up and smells what with leaves ?	twig
25344	The man sprinkles leaves into the yard and rakes them up .	the man sprinkles what into the yard and rakes them up ?	leaves
25345	We then see the twigs and leaves again .	we then see what and leaves again ?	twigs
25347	He gives the elephant a dart .	what does he give the elephant ?	dart
25355	An athlete jumps , but touch the horizontal rod .	an athlete jumps , but touch what ?	rod
25357	A woman is walking her horse out to a field to ride .	what is the woman walking out to a field ?	horse
25358	The horses tail is braided back and she is wearing pink .	what is braided back and she is wearing pink ?	tail
25360	The horses tail is no longer braided as they ride around in the sand .	what is no longer braided as they ride around in the sand ?	tail
25361	Three women are sitting in a room behind the table knitting scarves and hats before a logo appears .	how many women are sitting in the room behind the table knitting scarves and hats before a logo appears ?	three
25362	They all reappear and begin knitting a purple scarf as they talk .	what is the color of the scarf ?	purple
25369	A person pushes a needle through her eyebrow .	what does the person push through her eyebrow ?	needle
25370	They twist an earring into the eyebrow .	what do they twist into the eyebrow ?	earring
25372	More lettering appear on different black screens and together they read `` MALEFICENT NAILS `` and `` FOR EASIER USE RED NAIL TIPS IF YOU HAVE USA PUNTAS ROJAS SI TIENES '' .	what is the color of the screens ?	black
25373	Two teams play ice hockey the white team scores , and people in the bleaches cheers , then the red teams scores for his team , then they continue playing .	how many teams play ice hockey the white team scores , and people in the bleaches cheers , then the red teams scores for his team ?	two
25373	Two teams play ice hockey the white team scores , and people in the bleaches cheers , then the red teams scores for his team , then they continue playing .	what is the color of the scores ?	white
25373	Two teams play ice hockey the white team scores , and people in the bleaches cheers , then the red teams scores for his team , then they continue playing .	what is the color of the scores ?	red
25375	After the red team score .	what is the color of the score ?	red
25377	Then , the players continue playing and the red team scores and wins the competition .	what is the color of the scores ?	red
25378	People are playing the drums in a room .	what are people playing in a room ?	drums
25378	People are playing the drums in a room .	where are people playing the drums . ?	room
25379	They begin marching back and forth in the room .	where do they begin marching . ?	room
25381	A camera pans around a room and leads into a room rubbing paper down and putting a box in the middle .	what pans around the room and leads into a room rubbing paper down and putting a box in the middle ?	camera
25382	The woman wraps the box up in paper and pushing in the sides .	what does the woman wrap up in paper and pushing in the sides ?	box
25383	She tapes up the sides and uses a ribbon to tie the box up and ends by unwrapping it and showing what 's inside .	she tapes up the sides and uses what and ends by unwrapping it and showing what 's inside ?	ribbon
25396	We see the person wrap to bottles in the fabric together .	what do we see to bottles in the fabric together ?	wrap
25397	They then put two bottles in a bag and tie it .	they then put what in a bag and tie it ?	bottles
25397	They then put two bottles in a bag and tie it .	they then put how many bottles in a bag and tie it ?	two
25402	A girl in a blue shirt holds up a pack of fake finger nails .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
25405	A boy in red overalls is playing hopscotch .	what is the color of the overalls ?	red
25409	The person then cuts up more fruits and adds it to the bowl and mixes it all around together to create a fruit bowl .	the person then cuts up what and adds it to the bowl and mixes it all around together ?	fruits
25410	A woman is outside in a large green field talking , holding up a bow and arrow in front of a white paper with a large target .	what is the color of the field ?	green
25410	A woman is outside in a large green field talking , holding up a bow and arrow in front of a white paper with a large target .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
25414	A small boy wearing a blue and yellow hoodie and gray sweat pants in standing in an outdoor tennis court .	what is the color of the pants ?	gray
25415	He is holding a blue racket as he bounces the yellow and orange tennis ball on the court .	what is the color of the racket ?	blue
25418	The ball goes over the net and falls on the other side of the court .	what goes over the net and falls on the other side of the court ?	ball
25420	We see the title on a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
25424	Sharpen a different knife and cuts a tomato and shows us the sharpener .	sharpen what and cuts the tomato and shows us the sharpener ?	knife
25424	Sharpen a different knife and cuts a tomato and shows us the sharpener .	sharpen the different knife and cuts what and shows us the sharpener ?	tomato
25424	Sharpen a different knife and cuts a tomato and shows us the sharpener .	sharpen the different knife and cuts a tomato and shows us what ?	sharpener
25431	A black screen appears with red and white letters on it that say `` DISCUS THROW Example of CORRECTION of a DELIVERY PROBLEM for a beginner '' .	what appears with red and white letters on it that say `` discus throw example of correction of a delivery problem for a beginner '' ?	screen
25431	A black screen appears with red and white letters on it that say `` DISCUS THROW Example of CORRECTION of a DELIVERY PROBLEM for a beginner '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25432	A young lady is now standing on a concrete circle and she begins swinging her red discus , then swings her body and then throws it .	what is the color of the discus ?	red
25434	The girl is back on the concrete circle swinging her disc and she then throws the disc .	what is the girl back on the concrete circle swinging and she then throws the disc ?	disc
25434	The girl is back on the concrete circle swinging her disc and she then throws the disc .	what is the girl back on the concrete circle swinging her disc and she then throws ?	disc
25435	A black screen appears again with red and white words that say `` OTHER SIMILAR EXERCISES ON THE SAME IDEA : FOCUS ON THE LOW POINT OF THE IMPLEMENT TRAJECTORY .	what appears again with red and white words that say `` other similar exercises on the same idea : focus on the low point of the implement trajectory ?	screen
25435	A black screen appears again with red and white words that say `` OTHER SIMILAR EXERCISES ON THE SAME IDEA : FOCUS ON THE LOW POINT OF THE IMPLEMENT TRAJECTORY .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25438	The outro screen is mainly white with a black design on it and the name of the company and a person .	what is mainly white with the black design on it and the name of the company and a person ?	screen
25438	The outro screen is mainly white with a black design on it and the name of the company and a person .	what is the color of the design ?	black
25444	The girl demonstrates the hula hoop .	what does the girl demonstrate ?	hoop
25445	The girl drops the hula hoop and poses .	the girl drops what and poses ?	hoop
25449	The boy unscrews the cigarette to reveal the inside mechanism .	what does the boy unscrew ?	cigarette
25450	The boy puts the cigarette back together and begins to smoke it as a woman walks by in the background , and then he continues to talk to the camera .	the boy puts what back together and begins to smoke it as a woman walks by in the background , and then he continues to talk to the camera ?	cigarette
25456	A man in gray shirt is sitting on a chair .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
25457	The man is pointing an empty canvas with his brush as he continue to talk .	what is the man pointing with his brush ?	canvas
25458	The man hold out his brush , dip the brush on the colors and began painting on the bigger canvas .	the man hold out his brush , dip the brush on the colors and began what on the bigger canvas ?	painting
25465	A person polish a shoe with a wrapped finger .	the person polish what with a wrapped finger ?	shoe
25470	A box is set on top of the wrapping paper .	what is set on top of the wrapping paper ?	box
25474	They use tape to hold the paper on .	what do they use ?	tape
25478	They stick a silver flower into the present .	what do they stick into the present ?	flower
25481	Another black screen appears with captions .	what appears with captions ?	screen
25481	Another black screen appears with captions .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25482	Another black screen appears with caption about finding arm wrestling clubs .	what appears with caption about finding arm wrestling clubs ?	screen
25482	Another black screen appears with caption about finding arm wrestling clubs .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25484	The screen goes black and there are credits rolling followed by a company name .	what goes black and there are credits rolling followed by a company name ?	screen
25485	A bald man is talking and two pictures of a young male with nice hair flashes on the screen .	how many pictures of a young male with nice hair flashes on the screen ?	two
25486	A black screen with white letters appear and they read `` Thanks for wathing !	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25486	A black screen with white letters appear and they read `` Thanks for wathing !	what is the color of the letters ?	white
25488	An older man passes a ball to a group of small kids and eventually kicks the ball .	an older man passes what to a group of small kids and eventually kicks the ball ?	ball
25488	An older man passes a ball to a group of small kids and eventually kicks the ball .	an older man passes a ball to a group of small kids and eventually kicks what ?	ball
25498	The first man plays the drums .	what does the first man play ?	drums
25500	We see the white opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
25500	We see the white opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
25501	A man in jump stilts throws a bag over his shoulder and leaves a bank .	the man in jump stilts throws a bag over his shoulder and leaves what ?	bank
25507	The man opens the bag and counts his cash .	the man opens what and counts his cash ?	bag
25507	The man opens the bag and counts his cash .	the man opens the bag and counts what ?	cash
25508	We see a closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
25518	A man dressed in army fatigues is playing bagpipes while other people watch .	the man dressed in army fatigues is playing what ?	bagpipes
25526	Lastly , the man walks off and a black screen appears showing multiple websites .	what does lastly , the man walk off and appears showing multiple websites ?	screen
25526	Lastly , the man walks off and a black screen appears showing multiple websites .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25531	A skateboarder wearing a white helmet skates by followed by another skateboarder while the camera pans a group of skateboarder spectators watching from the street curb .	the skateboarder wearing what by followed by another skateboarder while the camera pans a group of skateboarder spectators watching from the street curb ?	skates
25531	A skateboarder wearing a white helmet skates by followed by another skateboarder while the camera pans a group of skateboarder spectators watching from the street curb .	what is the color of the skates ?	white
25543	Two man sit at a table .	how many man sit at the table ?	two
25549	A woman holds up the various tools needed to apply wallpaper .	what does the woman hold up needed to apply wallpaper ?	tools
25564	The red team gathers and hugs each other .	what is the color of the team ?	red
25565	People are sitting bored in a lounge .	where are people sitting bored . ?	lounge
25584	Two women are shown standing behind a shuffle board table when one pushes a puck across the board .	how many women are shown standing behind the shuffle board table when one pushes a puck across the board ?	two
25588	The people play beer pong back and fourth and a woman takes a drink in the end that is gross .	what do the people play back and fourth and a woman takes a drink in the end that is gross ?	pong
25601	A man in a white asian inspired outfit stands outdoors , surrounded by trees , on the grass , and performs several slow martial arts and meditation moves .	what is the color of the asian ?	white
25607	The roof is sealed up .	what is sealed up ?	roof
25608	A woman with blonde hair in a ponytail and a black belt , demonstrates martial arts moves first exhibiting shoulder and arm moves and footwork .	what is the color of the belt ?	black
25609	A man in a white belt demonstrates martial arts moves using knee bends .	what is the color of the belt ?	white
25609	A man in a white belt demonstrates martial arts moves using knee bends .	where does the man demonstrate martial arts moves using knee bends . ?	belt
25610	A third man in a black belt demonstrates martial arts moves exhibiting floor work , leg swipes and high kicks .	what is the color of the belt ?	black
25610	A third man in a black belt demonstrates martial arts moves exhibiting floor work , leg swipes and high kicks .	where does the third man demonstrate martial arts moves exhibiting floor work , leg swipes and high kicks . ?	belt
25611	A graphic shows on the screen for a website about basketball drills .	what shows on the screen for a website about basketball drills ?	graphic
25614	The screen goes black and more text reminds the viewer to visit the website for more information .	what goes black and more text reminds the viewer to visit the website for more information ?	screen
25615	woman is talking to another standing in front of green lockers in a hallway , a man walks to the girls holding yellow roses on his hand .	what is the color of the lockers ?	green
25615	woman is talking to another standing in front of green lockers in a hallway , a man walks to the girls holding yellow roses on his hand .	what is the color of the roses ?	yellow
25623	A special effect video clip appears with someone running on a treadmill and white words on the middle of the screen that read `` CityNews HEALTH '' .	what appears with someone running on a treadmill and white words on the middle of the screen that read `` citynews health '' ?	clip
25623	A special effect video clip appears with someone running on a treadmill and white words on the middle of the screen that read `` CityNews HEALTH '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
25628	Several clips are shown of men speaking to one another as well as riding on a dirt bike .	what are shown of men speaking to one another as well as riding on a dirt bike ?	clips
25629	More clips are shown of people riding around and cheering with one another .	what are shown of people riding around and cheering with one another ?	clips
25632	Cricket players are pitched balls during a game in a large stadium .	what are cricket players pitched during a game in a large stadium ?	balls
25633	The cricket player hits a high pop fly that is caught .	what does the cricket player hit ?	fly
25636	People are riding bumper cars on a brown floor .	what are people riding on a brown floor ?	cars
25636	People are riding bumper cars on a brown floor .	what is the color of the floor ?	brown
25637	A boy 's red bumper car gets stuck on the column .	what gets stuck on the column ?	car
25637	A boy 's red bumper car gets stuck on the column .	what is the color of the car ?	red
25638	A lady in a black jilbab waves .	what is the color of the waves ?	black
25639	The lady bumper car collides with a man 's .	what collides with the man 's ?	car
25640	A guy walks across the brown floor .	what is the color of the floor ?	brown
25644	Cars pull in , and the woman are using soap to soap down the cars .	what pull in , and the woman are using soap to soap down the cars ?	cars
25644	Cars pull in , and the woman are using soap to soap down the cars .	what do cars pull in , and the woman are using ?	soap
25647	He goes up the stairs and slides down the slide several times .	he goes up what and slides down the slide several times ?	stairs
25648	When he is done he goes over and hugs a lady in a wheelchair .	where is when he done he goes over and hugs a lady . ?	wheelchair
25651	He also removes the window treatments from windows .	what does he also remove from windows ?	treatments
25658	He re-wets the surface and uses a flat tool to remove any stubborn wall paper .	he re-wets what and uses a flat tool to remove any stubborn wall paper ?	surface
25658	He re-wets the surface and uses a flat tool to remove any stubborn wall paper .	he re-wets the surface and uses what ?	tool
25665	A `` Finale Coppa Italia '' beach soccer title screen appears featuring Sambenedettese and Catania .	what does the `` finale coppa italia '' beach appear featuring sambenedettese and catania ?	screen
25668	Two men are shuffling brooms across a floor with another pulling it on a string .	how many men are shuffling brooms across a floor with another pulling it on a string ?	two
25669	One man follows behind and the two shuffling eventually move the puck into a hole .	how many man follows behind ?	one
25669	One man follows behind and the two shuffling eventually move the puck into a hole .	how many shuffling eventually move the puck into a hole ?	two
25670	The three men cheer with each other and give each other big hugs .	how many men cheer with each other and give each other big hugs ?	three
25674	He grabs the camera again to show different screws .	what does he grab again ?	camera
25676	The camera pans over the walls of a shower stall .	what pans over the walls of a shower stall ?	camera
25681	The man installs the soap dish .	what does the man install ?	dish
25682	Scrolling text is shown on a blue screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
25683	Two men are showering in an outside shower .	how many men are showering in an outside shower ?	two
25683	Two men are showering in an outside shower .	where are two men showering . ?	shower
25686	A large group of people are in a mall and are watching people set up an area with a large black floor and a large black wall .	what is the color of the floor ?	black
25686	A large group of people are in a mall and are watching people set up an area with a large black floor and a large black wall .	what is the color of the wall ?	black
25687	Their light suits go out and the dance is over .	what go out and the dance is over ?	suits
25688	A man driving a moving tractor steps around and looks towards the front .	the man driving what steps around and looks towards the front ?	tractor
25702	The stage lights up blue as silly quotes appear over the boy on the rights head .	what is the color of the quotes ?	blue
25703	A man rides a horse into an arena .	what did the man rid into an arena ?	horse
25704	He jumps off the horse and ties a calf .	he jumps off what and ties a calf ?	horse
25704	He jumps off the horse and ties a calf .	he jumps off the horse and ties what ?	calf
25706	Two people come and lay the calf down on the arena .	how many people come and lay the calf down on the arena ?	two
25715	A matador fights with a bowl using a red cape in a stadium .	what is the color of the cape ?	red
25716	Boys practice using the red cape together in the arena .	what are boys practice using together in the arena ?	cape
25716	Boys practice using the red cape together in the arena .	what is the color of the cape ?	red
25718	The bull runs and charges aft the matador from a distance .	what runs and charges aft the matador from a distance ?	bull
25720	A man , in black t-shirt , stands alone in a kitchen , talks to a camera in an animated way and prepares a peanut butter and jelly sandwich .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	black
25723	The man bites into the sandwich , begins talking again , slams the sandwich down on a plate and walks off .	the man bites into the sandwich , begins , slams what down on a plate and walks off ?	sandwich
25725	The girls volley the ball back and forth over the net .	what do the girls volley back and forth over the net ?	ball
25730	They lob snowballs and ride the cars , then they ski down the hill .	they lob what and ride the cars , then they ski down the hill ?	snowballs
25730	They lob snowballs and ride the cars , then they ski down the hill .	they lob snowballs and ride what , then they ski down the hill ?	cars
25737	The hand drills a hole with an electric tool .	what did the hand drill with an electric tool ?	hole
25738	The hand screws two nail into holes with an electric tool .	how many nail did the hand screw into holes with an electric tool ?	two
25741	One of the girls gets the ball and makes a shot into the net as the crowd cheers .	one of the girls gets what and makes a shot into the net as the crowd cheers ?	ball
25743	Two men are shown speaking at a party playing pong with two other men .	how many men are shown speaking at the party playing pong with two other men ?	two
25745	A sink is covered in filth .	what is covered in filth ?	sink
25746	A bottle is held up to the camera .	what is held up to the camera ?	bottle
25748	The solution is poured on the sponge and the sink is cleaned .	what is the solution poured on the sponge and is cleaned ?	sink
25749	A teenage boy wearing a white shirt and black track pants is shooting hoops in an outdoor basketball court .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
25749	A teenage boy wearing a white shirt and black track pants is shooting hoops in an outdoor basketball court .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
25750	There are a few cones arranged around the court .	what are there arranged around the court ?	cones
25752	He hits a shot and makes a basket and then stops playing .	he hits a shot and makes what and then stops playing ?	basket
25753	A map is shown and then two large fish are shown in the water as a bird floats across the water .	what is shown and then two large fish are shown in the water as a bird floats across the water ?	map
25753	A map is shown and then two large fish are shown in the water as a bird floats across the water .	what is the map shown and then are shown in the water as a bird floats across the water ?	fish
25753	A map is shown and then two large fish are shown in the water as a bird floats across the water .	how many large fish are shown in the water as a bird floats across the water ?	two
25754	Two men are on a boat and they are sailing across the water over fish .	how many men are on the boat ?	two
25756	Several men and boats are then shown and one mail catches a fish .	what are several men and boats then shown and one mail catches ?	fish
25756	Several men and boats are then shown and one mail catches a fish .	how many mail catches the fish ?	one
25757	After , a man dressed in all black is underwater and a water helicopter is shown then the man goes back under water holding the camera and playing with large fish .	what is the color of the man ?	black
25759	Two people are playing racquetball .	how many people are playing racquetball ?	two
25760	The ball comes around behind the players .	what comes around behind the players ?	ball
25762	The ball again gets by the players .	what again gets by the players ?	ball
25774	Four people are seen hitting a ball around a gymnasium back and fourth off the wall with a tennis racket .	how many people are seen hitting the ball around a gymnasium back and fourth off the wall with a tennis racket ?	four
25779	A woman is seen raking leaves around a lawn while three dogs stand near her and hold toys .	the woman is seen raking leaves around a lawn while how many dogs stand near her and hold toys ?	three
25784	Then , the woman turns to the left and throw a ball and spin her body .	then , the woman turns to the left and throw what and spin her body ?	ball
25801	A clip begins to play and it shows various men in a large field playing croquet while spectators look on .	what begins to play and it shows various men in a large field playing croquet while spectators look on ?	clip
25806	A man is taking a tire off a hub with a tool .	what is the man taking off a hub with a tool ?	tire
25807	He then puts the tire on top of the tool to finish taking it off .	what does he then put on top of the tool to finish taking it off ?	tire
25818	The camera captures the man from several angles .	what captures the man from several angles ?	camera
25824	He then shreds cheese onto a place with a shredder .	what does he then shred onto a place with a shredder ?	cheese
25825	He puts the shredded cheese onto the original plate .	what does he put onto the original plate ?	cheese
25826	After , he picks some herbs and places them on a plate .	after , he picks what and places them on a plate ?	herbs
25832	A graphic is shown of the court .	what is shown of the court ?	graphic
25833	The two teams line up to play against one another .	how many teams line up to play against one another ?	two
25838	The man continues to perform tricks along the water and ends with the video fading to black .	what is the color of the fading ?	black
25839	A green figures walks down the street .	what is the color of the figures ?	green
25840	An endless stream of other green figures appear .	what is the color of the figures ?	green
25841	Each of the figures is walking a dog .	what is each of the figures walking ?	dog
25842	The clip seems to be a loop .	what seems to be the loop ?	clip
25844	They are rowing their oars .	what are they rowing ?	oars
25847	The man uses a long stick to perform a long jump .	what does the man use ?	stick
25855	A pregnant woman is slowly moving in a room .	where is the pregnant woman slowly moving . ?	room
25861	In the end the other people who are there all sit down and eat popsicles .	in the end the other people sit down and eat what ?	popsicles
25863	A timer is going to time the boy and other people around him are trying as well .	what is going to time the boy and other people around him are trying as well ?	timer
25866	We see a black opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
25866	We see a black opening title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25867	We see a boat floating in the ocean and people sitting on the boat .	what do we see in the ocean and people sitting on the boat ?	boat
25868	Three people are underwater in diving gear looking at the sealife .	how many people are underwater in diving gear looking at the sealife ?	three
25874	Three men in white are doing karate moves in a room .	how many men in white are doing karate moves in a room ?	three
25874	Three men in white are doing karate moves in a room .	what is the color of the men ?	white
25874	Three men in white are doing karate moves in a room .	where are three men in white doing karate moves . ?	room
25877	A large , blue ball is tossed in the air .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
25878	A child runs to catch a blue , large ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
25885	Then , the person solves a cube puzzle .	what does then , the person solve ?	puzzle
25887	We see the opening screen and we see landscapes and a sword .	what do we see and we see landscapes and a sword ?	screen
25890	Two people shake hands on the landing .	how many people shake hands on the landing ?	two
25891	A man in a black room is interviewed then we see a man outside talking .	what is the color of the room ?	black
25891	A man in a black room is interviewed then we see a man outside talking .	where is the man interviewed then we see a man outside talking . ?	room
25894	Two small children are seen outside by a swingset .	how many small children are seen outside by the swingset ?	two
25895	One swings back and fourth while the other stands on the side .	how many swings back and fourth while the other stands on the side ?	one
25896	One man kicks the other boy and he bends over .	how many man kicks the other boy ?	one
25903	The lady mixes her dry ingredients then mixes them in the mixer with red food coloring and pours them into cake pans cooks and cools them on racks .	what is the color of the food ?	red
25905	The lady cuts the cake and we see the ending title screen .	what does the lady cut and we see the ending title screen ?	cake
25905	The lady cuts the cake and we see the ending title screen .	what does the lady cut the cake and we see ?	screen
25906	A woman wearing a protective helmet speaks to the camera while standing outdoors next to a palm tree .	the woman wearing what speaks to the camera while standing outdoors next to a palm tree ?	helmet
25909	We see two boys on a train talking .	how many boys do we see on a train talking ?	two
25910	It gets dark in a tunnel .	where does it get dark . ?	tunnel
25918	She puts glasses and looks down at the mirror .	she puts what and looks down at the mirror ?	glasses
25927	A man wearing gloves holds a pair of pliers and putting an object in between .	the man wearing what holds a pair of pliers and putting an object in between ?	gloves
25928	He sparks the object to create a flame and puts his mask on to protect himself .	he sparks the object and puts what on to protect himself ?	mask
25931	Then , the boy jumps and flips three time , but falls on his back making a big splash .	then , the boy jumps and flips how many time , but falls on his back making a big splash ?	three
25932	A young man irons a shirt on an ironing board in a hallway .	what does the young man iron on an ironing board in a hallway ?	shirt
25934	The man finishes ironing and turns the camera away .	the man finishes and turns what away ?	camera
25935	A man in a red shirt is kneeling down .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
25936	Another man in a black shirt is standing up in front of him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
25940	After , the woman folds the sides of the paper and cutting a piece to fit the box , then put tape to joint the ends while explaining .	, then put what to joint the ends while explaining ?	tape
25943	A man in jeans and tshirt rolls a paint roller in the tray .	where does the man in jeans and tshirt roll a paint roller . ?	tray
25944	The man applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller and is pleased .	the man applies what to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller and is pleased ?	paint
25944	The man applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller and is pleased .	the man applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting what and is pleased ?	paint
25945	The man gets more paint on his brush from the tray .	what does the man get on his brush from the tray ?	paint
25948	A person has a white glove and is holding onto the person in front of them .	what is the color of the glove ?	white
25957	The scuba divers make hand gestures and joke .	what make hand gestures and joke ?	divers
25966	man wearing white shirt is stretching her legs bind the other man .	man wearing what is stretching her legs bind the other man ?	shirt
25966	man wearing white shirt is stretching her legs bind the other man .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
25976	A woman put lipstick on her lips on front a mirror .	what did the woman put on her lips on front a mirror ?	lipstick
25981	The man instructs four women on cooking .	how many women does the man instruct on cooking ?	four
25983	The man adds clams to the pot .	what does the man add to the pot ?	clams
25984	The man adds broth to the pot .	what does the man add to the pot ?	broth
25985	The man boils pasta in a separate pot .	where does the man boil pasta . ?	pot
25987	The man finishes the sauce and pours it in a pot .	the man finishes what and pours it in a pot ?	sauce
25988	The man adds the pasta .	what does the man add ?	pasta
25989	The man adds the pasta to the plate .	what does the man add to the plate ?	pasta
25990	The women try the pasta dish .	what do the women try ?	dish
25993	The women cook the dish that the man had just taught them to make .	the women cook what ?	dish
25997	A construction worker is standing in a building , holding a mop and bucket .	where is the construction worker standing , holding a mop and bucket . ?	building
26001	woman wearing a pink shirt is ironing a blue shirt .	woman wearing what is ironing a blue shirt ?	shirt
26001	woman wearing a pink shirt is ironing a blue shirt .	what is woman wearing a pink shirt is ironing ?	shirt
26001	woman wearing a pink shirt is ironing a blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
26002	quiet living room is with old furnitures .	what is with old furnitures ?	room
26003	A woman is raking leaves into a large pile .	what is the woman raking into a large pile ?	leaves
26011	A man on the right picks up a few plates .	what does the man on the right pick up ?	plates
26012	A woman wearing workout gear is standing upright and hanging onto a very long punching bag .	the woman wearing workout what is standing upright and hanging onto a very long punching bag ?	gear
26013	Suddenly the woman jumps up and straddles the bag .	suddenly the woman jumps up and straddles what ?	bag
26016	A woman and a young girl swim in a pool .	where do the woman and a young girl swim . ?	pool
26025	Two bodybuilder women are seated at a table .	how many bodybuilder women are seated at the table ?	two
26027	When there is a victor , the two women shake hands .	how many women is when there a victor , shake hands ?	two
26028	The green and white team gets off the floor .	what does the green and white team get off ?	floor
26029	The green and white team are pulling the rope in a tug of war contest .	what are the green and white team pulling in a tug of war contest ?	rope
26030	The red and black team are pulling the rope in a tug of war contest .	what are the red and black team pulling in a tug of war contest ?	rope
26031	The green and white team are repeatedly taking steps and the audience is cheering .	what are the green and white team repeatedly taking and the audience is cheering ?	steps
26033	A man in a yellow shirt is on his knees layering cement on the floor .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
26037	The camera pans to a woman in the distance and the boy continuing to push the mop along the floor .	what pans to the woman in the distance and the boy continuing to push the mop along the floor ?	camera
26040	The person hangs Christmas bulbs on the tree .	what does the person hang on the tree ?	bulbs
26050	The woman hit the ball and cheered .	the woman hit what and cheered ?	ball
26051	The woman hit the ball again and started jumping .	the woman hit what again and started jumping ?	ball
26052	A man in a a leotard is blowing in his hands getting himself warmed up to start running .	where is the man blowing in his hands getting himself warmed up to start running . ?	leotard
26056	a little girl is standing in a kitchen and starts squeeze a lemon into a water bowl , a person is standing by her side .	the little girl is standing in a kitchen and starts squeeze what into a water bowl , a person is standing by her side ?	lemon
26058	little girl is standing in the kitchen with her mouth open and play with her hair .	where is little girl standing with her mouth open and play with her hair . ?	kitchen
26065	A rainbow appears , then we see boats on the beach and more surfers in the waves .	what appears , then we see boats on the beach and more surfers in the waves ?	rainbow
26070	Three more parents are standing are chatting as they sip lemonade .	how many more parents are standing are chatting as they sip lemonade ?	three
26075	Four girls are lifted and hold their legs .	how many girls are lifted and hold their legs ?	four
26076	Two girls are lifted in the air and two girls are flipped then two girls lift the two girls .	how many girls are lifted in the air and two girls are flipped then two girls lift the two girls ?	two
26077	Four girls are lifted and hold two other girls up and a third is added .	how many girls are lifted and hold two other girls up ?	four
26078	Two girls in the front held up a red sign .	how many girls in the front held up a red sign ?	two
26078	Two girls in the front held up a red sign .	what is the color of the sign ?	red
26079	Three girls are lifted and they each hold another girl on their shoulders .	how many girls are lifted ?	three
26080	Two young kids are his mother are standing in a kitchen washing dishes .	how many young kids are his mother are standing in a kitchen washing dishes ?	two
26081	The little girl takes a blue sponge cleans her dish and then gets down and begins walking around .	what is the color of the sponge ?	blue
26087	The girl then shakes up the bottle , pours it into her hands , and rubs it all over her body .	the girl then shakes up what , pours it into her hands , and rubs it all over her body ?	bottle
26088	A large track is shown with several people riding down on tubes at once .	what is shown with several people riding down on tubes at once ?	track
26090	She begins talking on her phone and the same clip is shown again in slow motion .	what does she begin and is shown again in slow motion ?	clip
26092	The woman puts oil in a cloth and polish the shoe .	the woman puts oil in a cloth and polish what ?	shoe
26100	Two people are playing a game of ping pong .	how many people are playing the game of ping pong ?	two
26102	The man grabs the ball again and serves it across the table .	the man grabs what again and serves it across the table ?	ball
26103	The man is holding a phone and taking a picture with the girl .	what is the man holding and taking a picture with the girl ?	phone
26103	The man is holding a phone and taking a picture with the girl .	what is the man holding a phone and taking with the girl ?	picture
26105	The people clean the exterior as well as interior and roll the car outside .	the people clean the exterior as well as interior and roll what outside ?	car
26106	They park the car and continue to wipe it down followed by drying it off in the end .	they park what and continue to wipe it down followed by drying it off in the end ?	car
26108	The girl holds her hair up with one hand and rubs makeup on with the other .	the girl holds her hair up with one hand and rubs what on with the other ?	makeup
26110	A woman with long black hair is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
26113	We see outdoor images then a man in a kitchen .	where do we see outdoor images then a man . ?	kitchen
26115	The man mixes the ingredients in a mixer bowl .	where does the man mix the ingredients . ?	bowl
26117	The man mixes the mix and pours it into cake pans .	the man mixes what and pours it into cake pans ?	mix
26122	a men is riding a camel and starts walking in the dessert passing by the piramids while a man is leading them with a rope .	the men is riding what and starts walking in the dessert passing by the piramids while a man is leading them with a rope ?	camel
26123	the camels stops and a man is taking a picture .	what stops and the man is taking a picture ?	camels
26123	the camels stops and a man is taking a picture .	what does the camels stop and a man is taking ?	picture
26128	Two wrestlers are shown jumping into the ring .	how many wrestlers are shown jumping into the ring ?	two
26131	The boy plays a saxophone while people walk past him and put money down .	what does the boy play ?	saxophone
26133	A man with a beard is playing on a green drum .	what is the color of the drum ?	green
26134	The man starts adding in a second drum to the mix .	where does the man start adding . ?	drum
26135	A third drum is added to the drumming mix .	what is added to the drumming mix ?	drum
26137	She then picks up the flute and begins playing it and pausing to speak in between .	she then picks up what and begins playing it and pausing to speak in between ?	flute
26138	She plays the instrument again and pauses to put it down and speak to the camera .	she plays what again and pauses to put it down and speak to the camera ?	instrument
26139	A black screen appears and quickly white words fly across it and they say `` Here it comes Set for full Screen '' .	what appears and quickly white words fly across it and they say `` here it comes set for full screen '' ?	screen
26139	A black screen appears and quickly white words fly across it and they say `` Here it comes Set for full Screen '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26139	A black screen appears and quickly white words fly across it and they say `` Here it comes Set for full Screen '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
26140	A picture of a snowcapped mountain appears and white words on the screen say `` HARTEL PRODUCTIONS '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
26143	The lady uses gardening shears to trim the bush .	what does the lady use ?	shears
26146	A little girl is standing in her bathroom and demonstrating how she rinses her mouth with mouth wash .	where is the little girl standing and demonstrating how she rinses her mouth with mouth wash . ?	bathroom
26149	She holds the mouth wash in her mouth for a long time and then spits it out in the sink .	she holds what in her mouth for a long time and then spits it out in the sink ?	wash
26152	A third man is seen in a car next to the man talking .	where is the third man seen . ?	car
26153	The man wearing the helmet starts down the street on a skateboard .	the man wearing what starts down the street on a skateboard ?	helmet
26157	After the stop sign , the car passes the man on the skateboard .	what does after the stop sign , pass the man on the skateboard ?	car
26158	The car stops and the man on the skateboard stops just past them and picks up his skateboard .	what stops and the man on the skateboard stops just past them and picks up his skateboard ?	car
26158	The car stops and the man on the skateboard stops just past them and picks up his skateboard .	what does the car stop and the man on the skateboard stops just past them and picks up ?	skateboard
26160	A black screen with a graphic of a white guitar and a website appear .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26160	A black screen with a graphic of a white guitar and a website appear .	what is the color of the guitar ?	white
26161	The man stops playing then the black screen with white guitar and website appear again .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26164	A logo and the words Master Lube TV show up on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26166	The now cleaned vehicle pulls out of the garage and drives away from the business .	what pulls out of the garage and drives away from the business ?	vehicle
26167	The vehicle is now parked and two young men are wiping it down with a a dry cloth .	what is now parked and two young men are wiping it down with a a dry cloth ?	vehicle
26167	The vehicle is now parked and two young men are wiping it down with a a dry cloth .	how many young men are wiping it down with a a dry cloth ?	two
26170	Flags are show again and it fades to a black screen with a logo and the words MasterLube .	what are show again and it fades to a black screen with a logo and the words masterlube ?	flags
26170	Flags are show again and it fades to a black screen with a logo and the words MasterLube .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26172	A group of people appear and they are on bicycles pedaling and are doing a cardio workshop while the man in front wearing a headband is talking the whole time .	what do the group of people appear and they are on bicycles pedaling and are doing ?	workshop
26173	The outro screen appears and it 's a white screen that shoes the LA MUSCLE logo like it did in the beginning and the words `` For More Visit LAMUSCLE dot TV '' .	what appears and it 's a white screen that shoes the la muscle logo like it did in the beginning and the words `` for more visit lamuscle dot tv '' ?	screen
26173	The outro screen appears and it 's a white screen that shoes the LA MUSCLE logo like it did in the beginning and the words `` For More Visit LAMUSCLE dot TV '' .	what does the outro screen appear and it 's ?	screen
26173	The outro screen appears and it 's a white screen that shoes the LA MUSCLE logo like it did in the beginning and the words `` For More Visit LAMUSCLE dot TV '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
26174	A man is completing a rubiks cube .	what is the man completing ?	cube
26175	A timer is sitting on the table next to him .	what is sitting on the table next to him ?	timer
26176	He sets the completed rubiks cube down on the table .	what does he set down on the table ?	cube
26177	People running up the beach very quickly .	what are people running up very quickly ?	beach
26182	The moves the shirt all around the table ironing it and holding it up in the end to present .	what does the move all around the table ironing it and holding it up in the end to present ?	shirt
26183	A woman with long , black , curly hair is wearing casual wear , talking , and squatting on a roof .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
26184	The woman then stands up and walks to a part of the roof where she lifts up a black shingle on the roof .	what is the color of the shingle ?	black
26186	A large truck pulls up to the house and a man begins to unload shingles onto the roof .	what pulls up to the house and a man begins to unload shingles onto the roof ?	truck
26188	Men are now laying out long pieces of black material and nailing them into the roof , as well as nailing the shingles down .	what are men now laying out of black material and nailing them into the roof , as well as nailing the shingles down ?	pieces
26188	Men are now laying out long pieces of black material and nailing them into the roof , as well as nailing the shingles down .	what is the color of the material ?	black
26189	The roof is done and a view of the entire house is shown to show off the finished roof .	what is done and the view of the entire house is shown to show off the finished roof ?	roof
26191	A camera zooms in out two people riding in a canoe together .	what zooms in out two people riding in a canoe together ?	camera
26192	The camera moves in closer and captures the people paddling further down the river .	what moves in closer and captures the people paddling further down the river ?	camera
26195	The man hits a drum off camera left .	what does the man hit off camera left ?	drum
26199	A person is throwing a tennis ball up in the air and hits the ball .	the person is throwing what up in the air and hits the ball ?	ball
26199	A person is throwing a tennis ball up in the air and hits the ball .	the person is throwing a tennis ball up in the air and hits what ?	ball
26200	Two men begin talking about this tennis move and how you should properly hold your racket .	how many men begin talking about this tennis move and how you should properly hold your racket ?	two
26205	A man wearing a hat is seen holding a tennis racket and bouncing a ball up and down .	the man wearing what is seen holding a tennis racket and bouncing a ball up and down ?	hat
26206	The man then serves the ball and leads into a tennis match between four people .	the man then serves what and leads into a tennis match between four people ?	ball
26210	After , several players are shown skating around the rink and then a bald Caucasian male is shown dressed in a black polo begins talking to the camera .	what is the color of the polo ?	black
26211	Once finished , the bench is panned and the game begins with the referee standing in between the two teams and they begin playing .	what is , panned and the game begins with the referee standing in between the two teams and they begin playing ?	bench
26215	The camera zooms in on a chef spinning around a spatula in a pan and putting more ingredients into the pan .	what zooms in on the chef spinning around a spatula in a pan and putting more ingredients into the pan ?	camera
26219	They rinse the face and add the face wash with a brush .	they rinse the face and add what with a brush ?	wash
26223	The man turns on the drill and peels the potato with another person pointing on the side .	the man turns on the drill and peels what with another person pointing on the side ?	potato
26224	Two men are seen holding each other 's arms and leads into the men performing an arm wrestling match .	how many men are seen holding each other 's arms and leads into the men performing an arm wrestling match ?	two
26225	One man smokes a cigarette while they continue to play and that man winds while holding his arms up .	how many man smokes the cigarette while they continue to play and that man winds while holding his arms up ?	one
26229	The pole flies through the air and lands just past the number 85 on a field .	what flies through the air and lands just past the number 85 on a field ?	pole
26242	The lady pauses and looks out the window .	the lady pauses and looks out what ?	window
26244	The camera pans all around his movements while he speaks to the camera .	what pans all around his movements while he speaks to the camera ?	camera
26246	A boy prepares to do a high jump in a gym .	where does the boy prepare to do a high jump . ?	gym
26251	We see a white opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
26251	We see a white opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
26254	The man opens the plastic bag .	what does the man open ?	bag
26255	The lady gift wraps the box for the man .	what wraps the box for the man ?	gift
26259	The man presents the box to the camera and talks .	what does the man present to the camera and talks ?	box
26260	the closing screen is then seen and it goes black .	what is closing then seen and it goes black ?	screen
26265	man is wearing a black kimono and isdoing yoga movements .	what is man wearing and isdoing yoga movements ?	kimono
26265	man is wearing a black kimono and isdoing yoga movements .	what is the color of the kimono ?	black
26266	man is standing in a large green grassy field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
26269	When he 's done he flips off and bows , next a girl is shown sitting in the chair and then he is shown performing again but in slow motion .	where does when he 's done he flips off and bows , next a girl is shown sitting and then he is shown performing again but in slow motion . ?	chair
26271	manis wearing a white shirt and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower .	what wearing the white shirt and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower ?	manis
26271	manis wearing a white shirt and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower .	manis wearing what and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower ?	shirt
26271	manis wearing a white shirt and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
26271	manis wearing a white shirt and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower .	what is the color of the grass ?	green
26277	A man stands indoors , on a platform , in front of three onlookers , and lifts a heavily weighted bar bell .	the man stands indoors , on a platform , in front of three onlookers , and lifts what ?	bell
26278	A man approaches a barbell on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it .	the man approaches what on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it ?	barbell
26280	The man in the dark green shirt places a strap and link to the climbing wall and loops a rope through the clip .	the man in the dark green shirt places a strap and link to the climbing wall and loops what through the clip ?	rope
26280	The man in the dark green shirt places a strap and link to the climbing wall and loops a rope through the clip .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
26281	The man reverses the strap position and loops the rope through the strap eye link .	the man reverses what and loops the rope through the strap eye link ?	position
26281	The man reverses the strap position and loops the rope through the strap eye link .	the man reverses the strap position and loops what through the strap eye link ?	rope
26282	The man in the bright green shirt continue climbing to the top of the wall .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
26283	The man in the dark green shirt continues talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
26284	One woman throws something at another .	how many woman throws something at another ?	one
26285	Then , the two women play hopscotch .	how many women do then , play hopscotch ?	two
26295	The person mixes ingredients into a bowl and scrubs the shoes using the tooth brush .	the person mixes what into a bowl and scrubs the shoes using the tooth brush ?	ingredients
26299	The man spins hard and throws the hammer .	the man spins hard and throws what ?	hammer
26300	We see the hammer as it flies across the track .	what do we see ?	hammer
26301	Two men perform a flip move on a playground that leads to one being dropped on the ground .	how many men perform the flip move on a playground that leads to one being dropped on the ground ?	two
26302	The camera zooms in on the fallen man while they all laugh together .	what zooms in on the fallen man while they all laugh together ?	camera
26303	A girl is riding on a white horse that is in an enclosed obstacle course , but it 's just walking , trotting and running around the perimeter doing laps .	what is the color of the horse ?	white
26304	Another girl is now the focus and she 's riding on a taller brown horse who begins walking , trotting and they also stay on the perimeter of the area .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
26305	When the brown horse is done going around in laps , it walks over to the white horse who is now in the middle of the area and it stops .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
26305	When the brown horse is done going around in laps , it walks over to the white horse who is now in the middle of the area and it stops .	what is the color of the horse ?	white
26315	Each person uses the stick to push the puck as a girl talks to the camera .	what does each person use ?	stick
26322	Next the screen flashes to a younger male jerking and then drops the bar on the ground .	next what flashes to the younger male jerking and then drops the bar on the ground ?	screen
26322	Next the screen flashes to a younger male jerking and then drops the bar on the ground .	next the screen flashes to a younger male jerking and then drops what on the ground ?	bar
26331	A guy climbs up the stairs carrying a black amplifier .	what does the guy climb up carrying a black amplifier ?	stairs
26331	A guy climbs up the stairs carrying a black amplifier .	the guy climbs up the stairs carrying what ?	amplifier
26331	A guy climbs up the stairs carrying a black amplifier .	what is the color of the amplifier ?	black
26333	The guy plays a harmonica with a microphone in one hand .	what does the guy play with a microphone in one hand ?	harmonica
26334	The guy plays the guitar .	what does the guy play ?	guitar
26335	The black amplifier is displayed on a table .	what is displayed on the table ?	amplifier
26335	The black amplifier is displayed on a table .	what is the color of the amplifier ?	black
26336	The amplifier is displayed on a table .	what is displayed on the table ?	amplifier
26338	She lays out a newspaper and mixes various ingredients together into a spray bottle .	she lays out a newspaper and mixes what together into a spray bottle ?	ingredients
26342	Guys are riding their dirt bikes .	what are guys riding ?	bicycles
26344	Cows are running through fields with men chasing after them with sticks .	what are running through fields with men chasing after them with sticks ?	cows
26345	The men are agitating the cows and causing them to fight with one another .	what are the men agitating and causing them to fight with one another ?	cows
26348	A female reporter is holding a microphone while doing a news report .	what is the female reporter holding while doing a news report ?	microphone
26353	Competitor boaters are shown racing in the water .	what are shown racing in the water ?	boaters
26364	She shows the ingredients and tell what to set the oven to .	she shows what and tell what to set the oven to ?	ingredients
26367	Afterward she takes it out and shows the finished product .	afterward she takes it out and shows what ?	product
26374	Several other teams approach the bar and they too begin doing the same tricks in their competition .	what do several other teams approach and they too begin doing the same tricks in their competition ?	bar
26377	The cookie is snatched from the man .	what is snatched from the man ?	cookie
26380	We switch and see a cat .	what do we switch and see ?	cat
26391	He holds the ax up over his head while still looking down at the log .	what does he hold up over his head ?	ax
26392	He swing the ax down and chops the log in half .	he swing what down and chops the log in half ?	ax
26395	A man drinks beer from a bottle .	what does the man drink from a bottle ?	beer
26396	People are walking in front of a white fence .	what is the color of the fence ?	white
26397	Behind the fence a man is riding a horse .	what is behind the fence a man riding ?	horse
26398	He ropes a calf and throws it down onto the ground .	he ropes what and throws it down onto the ground ?	calf
26403	A boy holds an ice cream cone to a baby sitting in a high chair seat .	what does the boy hold to a baby sitting in a high chair seat ?	cone
26404	The baby enjoys the ice cream cone .	what does the baby enjoy ?	cone
26405	A man is putting wall paper on the wall , he is trying to measure it just right so that it is even with the rest .	what is the man putting on the wall , he is trying to measure it just right so that it is even with the rest ?	paper
26410	He picks up a heavy ball , and uses it to perform numerous exercise techniques .	he picks up what , and uses it to perform numerous exercise techniques ?	ball
26412	A boat is seen riding along the water with a man driving others around .	what is seen riding along the water with a man driving others around ?	boat
26414	The people watch the man as well as the camera as he continues flipping around and looking back to the camera .	what do the people watch the man as well as ?	camera
26427	The kayak rider dips into the water and recovers .	what rider dips into the water and recovers ?	kayak
26431	The scoreboard is shown for comparison as the game ends .	what is shown for comparison as the game ends ?	scoreboard
26432	A large roof is seen close up followed by a person standing on a ladder and pushing down tiles .	what is seen close up followed by the person standing on a ladder and pushing down tiles ?	roof
26434	The camera continues to pan all around the roof as well as buildings around them and the men continuing to work .	what continues to pan all around the roof as well as buildings around them and the men continuing to work ?	camera
26440	The salon stylist towels off then rubs hair products through the man 's hair with his hands .	what off then rubs hair products through the man 's hair with his hands ?	towels
26444	woman is in a lake windsurfing with a red windsurf .	what is the color of the windsurf ?	red
26446	sailboat is standing in the back of people windsurfing .	what is standing in the back of people windsurfing ?	sailboat
26447	woman is eating bran flakes and putting some mascara , washing her teeth and cleaning her mouth with mouthwash .	what is woman eating bran flakes and putting , washing her teeth and cleaning her mouth with mouthwash ?	mascara
26450	She is wearing a very sexy short dress and kicking her legs up and down in heels .	what is she wearing and kicking her legs up and down in heels ?	dress
26451	People are walking out od the restaurant .	what are people walking out ?	restaurant
26453	We see the title screen on gray .	what do we see on gray ?	screen
26454	Two men are playing squash .	what are two men playing ?	squash
26454	Two men are playing squash .	how many men are playing squash ?	two
26457	The man in white wipes his brow with his sleeve .	what is the color of the man ?	white
26458	The end credits run up the screen .	what do the end credits run up ?	screen
26464	The girl starts throwing darts , she is only able to hit one balloon , she asks for help but does not get it .	how many balloon is she only able to hit ?	one
26470	grandma is talking with a little blond child sitting in a coach while is knitting in a red thread in a liing room .	what is the color of the thread ?	red
26472	The man hits the tennis ball across the court .	what does the man hit across the court ?	ball
26473	The man turns and walks back to his basket and grabs a ball from his pocket .	the man turns and walks back to his basket and grabs what from his pocket ?	ball
26475	An actor , Jason Stathom , is sitting in a blue reclining chair talking a late night tv host by the name of Jimmy Fallon who is sitting behind a desk .	what is the color of the chair ?	blue
26479	A woman in white shirt is posing with her short hair .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
26480	A man is seen kneeling down on a floor followed by shots of him putting plaster and tiles down are shown .	what is the man seen and down are shown ?	tiles
26484	in the background kids standing on stage are playing drums .	what are in the background kids standing on stage playing ?	drums
26490	The woman brushes the fence continuously in front of her while the camera captures her from behind .	what did the woman brush continuously in front of her ?	fence
26491	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
26493	We see a man in a room then a fight and men in an office before more fighting in an action movie .	where do we see a man in a room then a fight and men before more fighting in an action movie . ?	office
26495	Her screen changes to the title screen .	what changes to the title screen ?	screen
26498	A man throws a ball to his son , who catches it with a lacrosse stick .	what does the man throw to his son , who catches it with a lacrosse stick ?	ball
26510	A group of boys are playing ball on a court .	what are the group of boys playing on a court ?	ball
26513	A little boy is playing hop scotch on the pavement .	what is the little boy playing hop on the pavement ?	scotch
26520	They then relax and take a bow while the people behind them clap .	what do they then relax and take ?	bow
26528	A man in a black shirt is talking to someone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
26529	A man in a gray shirt has his hands on his hips .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
26536	The same man shines shoes in a shop while other people sit or walk around .	where does the same man shin shoes while other people sit or walk around . ?	shop
26542	A man in a white jacket picks up an iron .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
26544	He puts bread on the tin foil with butter and cheese .	what does he put on the tin foil with butter and cheese ?	bread
26546	He opens the tin foil and cuts the sandwich in half .	he opens what and cuts the sandwich in half ?	foil
26554	man is running in a racetrack and jumping in the dust and man is sitting in a room talking .	where is man running and jumping in the dust and man is sitting in a room talking . ?	racetrack
26556	old man is talking in the room and the man in the race track is running and practicing the jump .	where is old man talking and the man in the race track is running and practicing the jump . ?	room
26557	Two large pieces of decorated construction paper are shown with the words Happy Birthday all over them .	how many large pieces of decorated construction paper are shown with the words happy birthday all over them ?	two
26565	The woman to one side is playing maracas .	what is the woman to one side playing ?	maracas
26566	The man on the other side is playing an electric guitar .	what is the man on the other side playing ?	guitar
26570	The man lets go of the string and the ball flies through the air .	what does the man let go of the string and flies through the air ?	ball
26571	Two teams play polo holding poles to kick a ball on front a crowd in a field .	how many teams play polo holding poles to kick a ball on front a crowd in a field ?	two
26574	We see the opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
26575	A man hold up a bench and opens the parts so he can set it up .	the man hold up what and opens the parts so he can set it up ?	bench
26576	He sticks a pin in and snaps his ski in .	he sticks what in and snaps his ski in ?	pin
26576	He sticks a pin in and snaps his ski in .	he sticks a pin in and snaps what in ?	ski
26577	He then waxes the ski and removes the pin .	he then waxes what and removes the pin ?	ski
26577	He then waxes the ski and removes the pin .	he then waxes the ski and removes what ?	pin
26580	A man in a large green field practices over seven hammer throws in the field with a measuring tape in front of him stretched along the ground .	what is the color of the practices ?	green
26581	A bare chested man in black track pants spins a hammer throw around and around until he releases into a field in front of him .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
26585	The camera pans around areas that they hit and shows one man walking away .	what pans around areas that they hit and shows one man walking away ?	camera
26585	The camera pans around areas that they hit and shows one man walking away .	the camera pans around areas that they hit and shows how many man walking away ?	one
26589	A tattoo parlor is shown from the outside then inside .	what is shown from the outside then inside ?	parlor
26598	There 's a man in a blue shirt walking into a tall building where there 's an indoor fencing arena .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
26604	Then both the fencers remove their masks and shake hands .	what does then both the fencers remove and shake hands ?	masks
26607	Several different games begin and a yellow circle is drawn around him for each play when he is running back and forth .	what do several different games begin and is drawn around him for each play when he is running back and forth ?	circle
26607	Several different games begin and a yellow circle is drawn around him for each play when he is running back and forth .	what is the color of the circle ?	yellow
26608	When the highlight reel is finished , a black screen appears and shows the High School as well as the name for the player .	what does , appear and shows the high school as well as the name for the player ?	screen
26608	When the highlight reel is finished , a black screen appears and shows the High School as well as the name for the player .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26614	A man dances in in a big room .	where does the man dance in . ?	room
26616	These horses are walking in a grassy area by themselves and then a woman is shown brushing the horse 's hair .	what are walking in the grassy area by themselves and then a woman is shown brushing the horse 's hair ?	horses
26617	The camera zooms in to shows the horse ' nose and then the woman climbs onto the horse 's saddle to ride it somewhere .	what zooms in to shows the horse ' nose and then the woman climbs onto the horse 's saddle to ride it somewhere ?	camera
26618	Then two other people are hsown riding the horse 's in different settings .	how many other people are then hsown riding the horse 's in different settings ?	two
26619	Two girls are siting outside talking with there feet crossed .	how many girls are siting outside talking with there feet crossed ?	two
26620	One of the girls hands the other a container which she pulls a little paper out of that tells her what to do .	what does one of the girls hand the other ?	container
26626	Two boys in karate pants wrestle one another in the background .	how many boys in karate pants wrestle one another in the background ?	two
26630	A man plays the drums intensely .	what does the man play intensely ?	drums
26631	A large screen shows the band above .	what shows the band above ?	screen
26633	An archery competition montage video shows pitched battles taking place in fields , convention halls of hotels , indoor arenas , and warehouses .	what shows pitched battles taking place in fields , convention halls of hotels , indoor arenas , and warehouses ?	video
26640	A man in a yard starts his lawn mower .	what does the man in a yard start ?	mower
26642	the dog runs to get out of the way of the lawn mower and leaves the scene .	what runs to get out of the way of the lawn mower and leaves the scene ?	dog
26643	A cat is seen licking itself on a bed while a person continuously attempts to cut it 's claws .	what is seen licking itself on a bed while a person continuously attempts to cut it 's claws ?	cat
26644	The person scratches the cat while it continues to lick itself and attempts again to cut it 's claws .	what does the person scratch ?	cat
26645	Finally the person plays with the cat and the car continues licking .	what does finally the person play with the cat and continues licking ?	car
26648	The guy rinses the razor in a blue bowl full with soapy liquid .	what is the color of the bowl ?	blue
26648	The guy rinses the razor in a blue bowl full with soapy liquid .	where does the guy rinse the razor full with soapy liquid . ?	bowl
26652	He is applying a picture to the wall .	what is he applying to the wall ?	picture
26653	He uses a tool to smooth it out .	what does he use ?	tool
26657	He puts the snow shovel in the snow and continues talking .	he puts what in the snow and continues talking ?	shovel
26658	A small child is seen sitting in a tube while others stand around him .	where is the small child seen sitting while others stand around him . ?	tube
26659	The boy then begins riding down a snowy hill in the tube .	where does the boy then begin riding down a snowy hill . ?	tube
26662	She turns on the faucet and wets the sink .	she turns on the faucet and wets what ?	sink
26663	She sprays the sink with a cleaner .	what did she spray with a cleaner ?	sink
26664	She grabs a paper towel and wipes the sink .	she grabs what and wipes the sink ?	towel
26664	She grabs a paper towel and wipes the sink .	she grabs a paper towel and wipes what ?	sink
26665	She turns on the water and wets the sink .	she turns on the water and wets what ?	sink
26666	She grabs another paper towel and wipes the sink .	she grabs what and wipes the sink ?	towel
26666	She grabs another paper towel and wipes the sink .	she grabs another paper towel and wipes what ?	sink
26669	They chase the ball all over the court .	they chase what all over the court ?	ball
26671	Two men getting ready for a contest by doing paper scissors rocks to see who goes first .	how many men is getting ready for a contest by doing paper scissors rocks to see who goes first ?	two
26673	an oreo cheesecake is on top of a table .	what is on top of a table ?	cheesecake
26674	oreos are in a bowl and the cooker is crushing them and melted butter and mixing and put it in a pan .	what are in the bowl and the cooker is crushing them and melted butter and mixing and put it in a pan ?	oreos
26674	oreos are in a bowl and the cooker is crushing them and melted butter and mixing and put it in a pan .	what are oreos in a bowl and is crushing them and melted butter and mixing and put it in a pan ?	cooker
26674	oreos are in a bowl and the cooker is crushing them and melted butter and mixing and put it in a pan .	where are oreos and the cooker is crushing them and melted butter and mixing and put it in a pan . ?	bowl
26675	whipping cream is meled in a bowl and beat until double its volume .	where is whipping cream meled and beat until double its volume . ?	bowl
26680	He then chugs the drink very quickly and points to the one who threw the drink .	what does he then chug very quickly and points to the one who threw the drink ?	drink
26683	Once all the layers of the cake are cut out and iced together , the fondant is placed on the cake as well as the icing and the desert is complete .	what is , placed on the cake as well as the icing and the desert is complete ?	fondant
26686	They bake them in the oven .	where do they bake them . ?	oven
26692	The little girls continue rinsing the clothes in the bucket as the young boy turns his back to the camera .	where do the little girls continue rinsing the clothes as the young boy turns his back to the camera . ?	bucket
26705	After , the youth takes the glass , then holds a cup while the teen fold his right hand .	what does , then hold ?	cup
26712	A vacant beach is visible and people began to pull their cars up against the coast .	what is visible and people began to pull their cars up against the coast ?	beach
26713	The sidewalk then appears and a boy begins to skateboard down the road near the beach .	what then appears and the boy begins to skateboard down the road near the beach ?	sidewalk
26717	The man then begins to pull on the fishing wire , pulls his pole up and and down a few times , and then adjusts the camera .	the man then begins , and then adjusts what ?	camera
26721	The tile screen shows up with some names .	what shows up with some names ?	screen
26727	He applies soap liberally before swiping it off with the rake .	what does he apply before swiping it off with the rake ?	liberally
26732	A woman in a black leotard is talking on a stage .	what is the color of the leotard ?	black
26732	A woman in a black leotard is talking on a stage .	where is the woman talking on a stage . ?	leotard
26735	Two people are playing a lacrosse game .	how many people are playing the lacrosse game ?	two
26738	The man throws the ball down and hits several pins .	the man throws what down and hits several pins ?	ball
26738	The man throws the ball down and hits several pins .	the man throws the ball down and hits what ?	pins
26744	An ice rink then appears and a woman begins coaching a man about specific techniques for a game .	what then appears and the woman begins coaching a man about specific techniques for a game ?	rink
26746	More people are in the gym and they continue curling and more instructors begin having interviews .	where are more people and they continue curling and more instructors begin having interviews . ?	gym
26747	Clips are shown from a real curling game and the people begin to wait against the wall .	what are shown from the real curling game and the people begin to wait against the wall ?	clips
26750	The kite gets airborne and soars .	what gets airborne and soars ?	kite
26752	The man raise his t-shirt sleeve until the shoulder .	what do the man raise until the shoulder ?	sleeve
26761	The little girl get stuck with other children , then she gets free and then rides the bumper car .	what do the little girl get stuck with other children , then she gets free and then rides ?	car
26765	A person is then seen putting a sandwich of cheese and meat together on white bread rolls with lettuce on a counter top .	what is the color of the rolls ?	white
26768	We see the man on a blue track with ad signs .	what is the color of the track ?	blue
26771	The screen fades to black .	what fades to black ?	screen
26771	The screen fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26772	A woman mixes items together in a bowl .	where does the woman mix items . ?	bowl
26776	woman is doing somersaults on a large green grassy field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
26782	The child inserts her spoon into her ice cream container on the table .	what did the child insert into her ice cream container on the table ?	spoon
26784	The camera zooms in on the ice cream .	what zooms in on the ice cream ?	camera
26786	We see the bars moving and then see two men sitting at the table .	we see the bars moving and then see how many men sitting at the table ?	two
26789	Another person hands him a blender but the man continues using the drill in the bowl .	where does another person hand him a blender but the man continues using the drill . ?	bowl
26793	A man and woman are riding bikes quickly down a paved street .	what are the man and woman riding quickly down a paved street ?	bicycles
26795	they then replace the tubes and get back on their bikes .	they then replace what and get back on their bikes ?	tubes
26798	She kicks the clothes around and steps around and kind of dances on them .	she kicks what around and steps around and kind of dances on them ?	clothes
26799	Her boyfriend is recording her and himself in the mirror .	where is her boyfriend recording her and himself . ?	mirror
26800	He continues to watch her as she steps on the clothed , and then he turns the camera to his mother .	what does he continue , and then he turns to his mother ?	camera
26807	He recommend that all 4 tires should be replaced at the same time .	he recommend that how many tires should be replaced at the same time ?	four
26813	He then moves the piece around to show the scuffs and buffs them out with a brush .	what does he then move around ?	piece
26815	Two people are seen sitting at a table speaking with cups of coffees on the table in front of them .	how many people are seen sitting at the table speaking with cups of coffees on the table in front of them ?	two
26821	The girl spins her hula hoop around her head .	what does the girl spin around her head ?	hoop
26823	The stadium shows the two teams competing in the game hockey .	what shows the two teams competing in the game hockey ?	stadium
26823	The stadium shows the two teams competing in the game hockey .	how many teams does the stadium show competing in the game hockey ?	two
26824	The crowd is loudly cheering as one team becomes victorious .	the crowd is loudly cheering as how many team becomes victorious ?	one
26834	IT goes through a window on a house and a cat runs .	what does it go through a window on a house and runs ?	cat
26836	the lady uses a pole to pole vault into the second story window and jump on the man .	what does the lady use ?	pole
26838	A person holding a broom cleans the floor back and forth .	the person holding what cleans the floor back and forth ?	broom
26838	A person holding a broom cleans the floor back and forth .	what is the person holding a broom cleans back and forth ?	floor
26852	The man rubs the tools along his skin and points back and fourth to the vacuum while speaking .	the man rubs what along his skin and points back and fourth to the vacuum while speaking ?	tools
26853	A person walks into the view of the camera where there is an orange toy laying on the floor .	what is the color of the toy ?	orange
26862	A woman holding a pole runs on a track toward a goal line and performs a pole vault in front of event onlookers and supporters .	the woman holding what runs on a track toward a goal line and performs a pole vault in front of event onlookers and supporters ?	pole
26862	A woman holding a pole runs on a track toward a goal line and performs a pole vault in front of event onlookers and supporters .	what is the woman holding a pole runs on a track toward a goal line and performs in front of event onlookers and supporters ?	vault
26870	A person on skis is holding a line and falls then a person in white crashes into another and they both fall .	what is the color of the crashes ?	white
26872	A river surrounded by rocks apperas .	what surrounded by rocks apperas ?	river
26875	The lady helped the man and child to hang the decor in the Christmas tree , the man handed some decorations to the lady and she put it on the tree .	what did the lady help the man and child , the man handed to the lady and she put it on the tree ?	decorations
26877	A lady in black top put more decorations to the christmas tree .	what did the lady in black top put to the christmas tree ?	decorations
26877	A lady in black top put more decorations to the christmas tree .	what is the color of the top ?	black
26886	A woman wearing a black top and with curly brown hair and bronze highlights is demonstrating how to use a diffuser to dry hair .	what is the color of the top ?	black
26887	She is using the blow dryer on medium heat to dry her hair .	what is she using blow on medium heat ?	dryer
26888	She blow dries the curls till the moisture from the hair is gone .	what does she blow dry ?	curls
26889	After she 's done using the blow dryer , she uses a wide tooth comb to comb through her curls .	what does , she use ?	comb
26890	She then poofs up her hair and shows off her luscious curls .	she then poofs up her hair and shows off what ?	curls
26891	A helicopter flies in some people who then start playing paintball .	what flies in some people who then start playing paintball ?	helicopter
26897	A camera crew focuses on a sweaty seated athlete .	what focuses on the sweaty seated athlete ?	crew
26899	Three people sit talking in front of an audience .	how many people sit talking in front of an audience ?	three
26903	Two people speak to the camera and show more shots of them climbing a mountain and various shots of the mountain .	how many people speak to the camera and show more shots of them climbing a mountain and various shots of the mountain ?	two
26906	They throw a ball , and the girl kicks it before being led to a base .	what do they throw , and the girl kicks it before being led to a base ?	ball
26910	The woman eventually speaks the camera while performing several different dance moves for the camera to see .	what does the woman eventually speak while performing several different dance moves for the camera to see ?	camera
26911	Several canoes are shown in idle in murky water .	what are shown in idle in murky water ?	canoes
26913	A person is washing their hands in a sink .	where is the person washing their hands . ?	sink
26914	Two women are standing by the sink washing their hands .	how many women are standing by the sink washing their hands ?	two
26916	Two men on one knee demonstrate a hip flexxer stretch in a therapy gym .	how many men on one knee demonstrate a hip flexxer stretch in a therapy gym ?	two
26916	Two men on one knee demonstrate a hip flexxer stretch in a therapy gym .	where do two men on one knee demonstrate a hip flexxer stretch . ?	gym
26917	The man wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch .	the man wearing what uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch ?	t-shirt
26917	The man wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch .	the man wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing what as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch ?	t-shirt
26917	The man wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	black
26917	The man wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	green
26918	The man in the black t-shirt adjusts the man in the green - t shirt a into different positions by slight positioning of the foot , leg , hips and arms .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	black
26918	The man in the black t-shirt adjusts the man in the green - t shirt a into different positions by slight positioning of the foot , leg , hips and arms .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
26919	A man is sitting in a gym with friends who make stupid signs at the camera .	where is the man sitting . ?	gym
26922	Two boys are seen bumping in to one another with several other kids riding around and hitting each other .	how many boys are seen bumping in to one another with several other kids riding around and hitting each other ?	two
26924	He puts the pot on a stove and puts a lid on it .	he puts what on a stove and puts a lid on it ?	pot
26927	He stirs the pot and pours the pasta into a strainer .	he stirs what and pours the pasta into a strainer ?	pot
26927	He stirs the pot and pours the pasta into a strainer .	he stirs the pot and pours what into a strainer ?	pasta
26928	He pours the pasta back into the pan .	what does he pour back into the pan ?	pasta
26929	He adds sauce and stirs it together .	he adds what and stirs it together ?	sauce
26937	Two cartoon sumo wrestlers are engaged in a fight .	how many cartoon sumo wrestlers are engaged in the fight ?	two
26939	Sumos are standing in front of each other in a dust court and a referee dress in white suit is watching them .	what is the color of the suit ?	white
26948	A man is power washing a fence .	the man is power washing what ?	fence
26953	The ingredients made from oilsand powders are mixed together and shaken in a jar , and poured onto a salad .	what made from oilsand powders are mixed together and shaken in a jar , and poured onto a salad ?	ingredients
26955	A black screen appears and the yellow words appear on them read `` Extreme How-To presents '' .	what appears and the yellow words appear on them read `` extreme how-to presents '' ?	screen
26955	A black screen appears and the yellow words appear on them read `` Extreme How-To presents '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26955	A black screen appears and the yellow words appear on them read `` Extreme How-To presents '' .	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
26956	The second black screen has yellow words that read `` Installing Heated Floor Tile '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26956	The second black screen has yellow words that read `` Installing Heated Floor Tile '' .	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
26958	The man is now holding a tile with ridges on all four sides and he takes a mallet and a tool to gently pound the pieces together .	what is the man now holding with ridges on all four sides and he takes a mallet and a tool to gently pound the pieces together ?	tile
26959	When the man reaches the wall he uses a pencil to measure the tile , takes it to a wet tile cutter and cuts it .	he uses what , takes it to a wet tile cutter and cuts it ?	pencil
26960	The talking man from earlier appears back in the corner talking and yellow words appear on the screen that contain websites .	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
26961	A group of children of varying ages slide down a blue slide in a theme park .	what is the color of the slide ?	blue
26965	Several tables are set up in a large room .	where are several tables set up . ?	room
26966	Several groups are playing beer pong .	what are several groups playing ?	pong
26971	We see bright camera flashes .	what do we see ?	flashes
26973	The lady hands her pool stick to a man and shakes his hand .	the lady hands what to a man and shakes his hand ?	stick
26977	He cuts it and removes the clamp .	he cuts it and removes what ?	clamp
26978	The man puts an earring through the hole .	what does the man put through the hole ?	earring
26983	Two people are seen wearing funny hates and standing behind a table speaking to the camera .	how many people are seen wearing funny hates and standing behind a table speaking to the camera ?	two
26988	The car continues to follow and help the man as well as stopping to change a wheel and climbing back in the car .	what continues to follow and help the man as well as stopping to change a wheel and climbing back in the car ?	car
26988	The car continues to follow and help the man as well as stopping to change a wheel and climbing back in the car .	where does the car continue to follow and help the man as well as stopping to change a wheel and climbing . ?	car
26989	A man in a gorilla suit is playing a saxophone in the middle of a store .	what is the man in a gorilla suit playing in the middle of a store ?	saxophone
26990	The employees look on and laugh at the person playing and use their phones to take pictures .	the employees look on and laugh at the person playing and use what ?	phones
26991	The gorillas reaches out to grab one of the employees hands and the man is very embarrassed by it .	what reaches out to grab one of the employees hands and the man is very embarrassed by it ?	gorillas
26993	The Gorilla suit man plays the sax some more as everyone is still laughing .	what plays the sax some more as everyone is still laughing ?	man
26997	The dry brown and yellow leaves are on the ground , on top of green grass .	what is the color of the grass ?	green
26999	The man blew the leaves from the side of the road towards the tree , while another man with leaf blower walks on other side of the walkway .	what did the man blow from the side of the road towards the tree , ?	leaves
27001	The man wears a blue outfit as he paints the wooden fence a red color .	what is the color of the outfit ?	blue
27001	The man wears a blue outfit as he paints the wooden fence a red color .	what is the color of the color ?	red
27002	The man cleans the paint off of boards .	what does the man clean off of boards ?	paint
27004	He wraps the box in paper while using scissors to cut around the sides .	what does he wrap in paper ?	box
27005	The man tapes up the box and presents it to the camera .	the man tapes up what and presents it to the camera ?	box
27013	We see her final score on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
27016	A camera pans all around a forest and leads into a rope tied to a tree .	what pans all around a forest and leads into a rope tied to a tree ?	camera
27021	the girls spins repeatedly and catches her baton .	the girls spins repeatedly and catches what ?	baton
27022	The girl spins and two batons roll in and she grabs each .	how many batons roll in and she grabs each ?	two
27023	The girl spins , catches her baton and poses for her finish as the crowd claps .	the girl spins , catches what and poses for her finish as the crowd claps ?	baton
27024	A person is raking leaves into a pile .	what is the person raking into a pile ?	leaves
27025	A little boy is picking up the leaves and playing in the pile .	what is the little boy picking up and playing in the pile ?	leaves
27027	There 's a young girl wearing a brown sweater playing the violin .	there 's a young girl wearing what ?	sweater
27027	There 's a young girl wearing a brown sweater playing the violin .	what is the color of the sweater ?	brown
27028	She strings the violin with her left hand while she uses the bow stick with her right hand .	what did she string with her left hand ?	violin
27033	Each paw is grabbed and the nail is pushed out and trimmed .	what is grabbed and the nail is pushed out and trimmed ?	paw
27034	The cat is oddly calm the whole time .	what is oddly calm the whole time ?	cat
27042	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27045	The man plays a grand piano .	what does the man play ?	piano
27051	A group of young men are in a kitchen , playing a game of beer pong .	where are the group of young men , playing a game of beer pong . ?	kitchen
27055	The camera zooms in on plants in the yard and continues to follow the woman around as she cuts the grass .	what zooms in on plants in the yard and continues to follow the woman around as she cuts the grass ?	camera
27056	The camera wanders through a bunch of plants and trees in the end .	what wanders through the bunch of plants and trees in the end ?	camera
27057	A camera pans around a yard leading to a rake sitting up against a trash can .	what pans around the yard leading to a rake sitting up against a trash can ?	camera
27059	He picks the leaves up and throws them in the trash as well as onto a blanket and handing it to a girl .	he picks what up and throws them in the trash as well as onto a blanket and handing it to a girl ?	leaves
27061	A light colored sedan passes on the road .	what passes on the road ?	sedan
27063	woman is walking in a green grassy backyard .	what is the color of the backyard ?	green
27063	woman is walking in a green grassy backyard .	where is woman walking . ?	backyard
27065	woman is in the backyard and a man is behind her using a lawn mower to cut the grass .	where is woman and a man is behind her using a lawn mower to cut the grass . ?	backyard
27066	man is walking with some white plastic bags on the cloth .	what is the color of the bags ?	white
27068	Young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge .	young men unpack what and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge ?	car
27068	Young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge .	young men unpack a car and then carry what in the jungle and pass a rope bridge ?	boats
27068	Young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge .	young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass what ?	bridge
27072	The glasses are laid out on a table and several shots are shown of people playing beer pong .	what are laid out on the table and several shots are shown of people playing beer pong ?	glasses
27076	A silver truck is parked next to the hill .	what is parked next to the hill ?	truck
27082	We see gear in the grass and a man speaking to the camera .	what do we see in the grass and a man speaking to the camera ?	gear
27088	He climbs up the horse bar and does backhand springs .	he climbs up what and does backhand springs ?	bar
27091	After he 's done , he gets off the bar and walks towards the judges and other contestants .	, he gets off what and walks towards the judges and other contestants ?	bar
27095	Three kids swinging on the play set in the back yard .	how many kids is swinging on the play set in the back yard ?	three
27106	Then he jumps down , falling from a very high height , another man follows after him , and then the camera man himself takes the leap recording the entire fall .	what does then he jump down , , another man follows after him , and then himself takes the leap recording the entire fall ?	man
27108	A small boy wearing a black and red striped shirt is sitting with a drum set and playing drums .	the small boy wearing what is sitting with a drum set and playing drums ?	shirt
27108	A small boy wearing a black and red striped shirt is sitting with a drum set and playing drums .	what is the small boy wearing a black and red striped shirt is sitting with a drum set and playing ?	drums
27109	A man wearing a pink shirt and black trousers is standing next to him .	what is the color of the trousers ?	black
27110	Another person wearing a denim shirt walks past the boy .	another person wearing what walks past the boy ?	shirt
27118	They do a cart wheel off the platform .	what do they do off the platform ?	wheel
27120	A young teen age girl is sitting in a large chair talking on the phone and making faces .	where is the young teen age girl sitting talking on the phone and making faces . ?	chair
27121	Two other females then begin dancing out front in the yard on a sidewalk .	how many other females then begin dancing out front in the yard on a sidewalk ?	two
27122	The girl then grabs her sweat pants and begins teaching her counterpart different dance steps and the first female reappears on the phone .	the girl then grabs what and begins teaching her counterpart different dance steps and the first female reappears on the phone ?	pants
27132	One gets stuck and he licks the spatula .	what does one get stuck and he licks ?	spatula
27134	She scrubs the dog with shampoo and runs again runs the water over the dog .	she scrubs what with shampoo and runs again runs the water over the dog ?	dog
27136	The dog is shown again all dried off and shakes himself while looking at the camera and the girl speaks more .	what is shown again all dried off and shakes himself while looking at the camera and the girl speaks more ?	dog
27137	A man in a black shirt setting up a camera while sitting in front of a rub-ix cube and a electronic stop clock .	what is the man in a black shirt setting up while sitting in front of a rub-ix cube and a electronic stop clock ?	camera
27137	A man in a black shirt setting up a camera while sitting in front of a rub-ix cube and a electronic stop clock .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
27139	Once the clock reaches 43 seconds both the men finish the puzzle and congratulate each other on completing the puzzle .	once the clock reaches how many seconds both the men finish the puzzle and congratulate each other on completing the puzzle ?	43
27145	She then mixes various ingredients into the glass and mixes them up in a shaker .	she then mixes what into the glass and mixes them up in a shaker ?	ingredients
27147	A wooden outdoors stair case is shown outside of a white and brown horse .	what is shown outside of the white and brown horse ?	case
27148	All of a sudden , a black dog comes around the corner and trots up the stairs and multiple replays are shown .	all of a sudden , a black dog comes around the corner and trots up what and multiple replays are shown ?	stairs
27148	All of a sudden , a black dog comes around the corner and trots up the stairs and multiple replays are shown .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
27157	A woman lays out tissue paper and places a stuffed toy in the center .	the woman lays out tissue paper and places what in the center ?	toy
27159	The woman lays out cellophane and places the wrapped toy on it .	the woman lays out what and places the wrapped toy on it ?	cellophane
27159	The woman lays out cellophane and places the wrapped toy on it .	the woman lays out cellophane and places what on it ?	toy
27160	The woman cuts the cellophane and then proceeds to roll up the tissue paper covered toy .	the woman cuts what and then proceeds to roll up the tissue paper covered toy ?	cellophane
27165	He picks up a ball and throws it at the pins .	he picks up what and throws it at the pins ?	ball
27168	A woman slide down the slope and the little girl came up to her and give her a kiss , then the woman help the little girl slide down the slope .	what down the slope and the little girl came up to her and give her a kiss , then the woman help the little girl slide down the slope ?	slide
27168	A woman slide down the slope and the little girl came up to her and give her a kiss , then the woman help the little girl slide down the slope .	the woman slide down the slope and the little girl came up to her and give her a kiss , then the woman help what down the slope ?	slide
27169	A man is outside in the snow holding a rope that is attached to a snow mobile .	what is the man outside in the snow holding ?	rope
27170	The snow mobile starts to move and the person begins snowboarding throughout the field .	what starts to move and the person begins snowboarding throughout the field ?	mobile
27175	A man is rubbing sunscreen on his back .	what is the man rubbing on his back ?	sunscreen
27177	A person in an orange shirt walks behind him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
27182	The man then plays the instrument continuously and ends with him pausing and holding the instrument .	the man then plays what continuously and ends with him pausing and holding the instrument ?	instrument
27183	Two men start fighting standing outside .	how many men start fighting standing outside ?	two
27184	One man throws the other man onto a table .	how many man throws the other man onto a table ?	one
27185	A camera zooms in on a baby wearing a baseball hat riding back and fourth on a swing set .	what zooms in on the baby wearing a baseball hat riding back and fourth on a swing set ?	camera
27187	A group of girls are sitting in an old car while a large group of cars behind them move around .	where are the group of girls sitting while a large group of cars behind them move around . ?	car
27202	The girl flips into blue boxes .	what is the color of the boxes ?	blue
27204	We see a title screen and then see the girls bloopers .	we see what and then see the girls bloopers ?	screen
27205	We see the ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27214	The pictures transition into more ingredients with hands covering them up and squeezing them into a ball .	what transition into more ingredients with hands covering them up and squeezing them into a ball ?	pictures
27217	We see a opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27218	We see people rafting down a river in a yellow raft .	what is the color of the raft ?	yellow
27218	We see people rafting down a river in a yellow raft .	where do we see people rafting down a river . ?	raft
27219	The raft is overturned and the people fall into the river .	what is overturned and the people fall into the river ?	raft
27222	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27225	The guy from the yellow team has the ball on the stick , he 's running quickly with it and he scores .	what is the color of the team ?	yellow
27227	A man wearing a black coat is standing on the sidewalk .	the man wearing what is standing on the sidewalk ?	coat
27227	A man wearing a black coat is standing on the sidewalk .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
27231	A man in a suit plays the saxophone up front wearing sunglasses .	what does the man in a suit play up front wearing sunglasses ?	saxophone
27231	A man in a suit plays the saxophone up front wearing sunglasses .	the man in a suit plays the saxophone up front wearing what ?	sunglasses
27236	The man finishes one paw then wrestles with the cat .	the man finishes how many paw then wrestles with the cat ?	one
27238	The man examines the cats after the job is done .	what does the man examine ?	cats
27241	the girl walks to a trampoline and gets a different rake and rakes the leaves in a circle .	the girl walks to a trampoline and gets a different rake and rakes what in a circle ?	leaves
27243	the girl jumps in , rolls around and throws the leaves around before standing and talking to the camera .	the girl jumps in , rolls around and throws what around before standing and talking to the camera ?	leaves
27246	Then , a person adds sugar , and lemon to pot with water to warm .	then , the person adds what , and lemon to pot with water to warm ?	sugar
27247	Then , the person adds the lemonade to a jar and serves in a cup .	then , the person adds what to a jar and serves in a cup ?	lemonade
27254	A person opens a door and walks inside a kitchen .	the person opens what and walks inside a kitchen ?	door
27261	An eggs is boiled in a pan , and then the eggs are run under cold water .	what is boiled in the pan , and then the eggs are run under cold water ?	eggs
27261	An eggs is boiled in a pan , and then the eggs are run under cold water .	what is an eggs boiled in a pan , and then are run under cold water ?	eggs
27261	An eggs is boiled in a pan , and then the eggs are run under cold water .	where is an eggs boiled , and then the eggs are run under cold water . ?	pan
27268	A group of friends ride inter tubes through small rapids in a tropical jungle .	what do the group of friends ride through small rapids in a tropical jungle ?	tubes
27269	The group goes past large boulders popping up out of the water .	what does the group go popping up out of the water ?	boulders
27276	Three girls are talking to a camera .	how many girls are talking to the camera ?	three
27277	The horses are walking across a dirt road .	what are walking across the dirt road ?	horses
27279	Several clips are shown of the man in a plane with the dog as well as underwater .	what are shown of the man in a plane with the dog as well as underwater ?	clips
27281	A ball is shown swinging around followed by shots of scenery and people getting ready .	what is shown swinging around followed by shots of scenery and people getting ready ?	ball
27282	A man records an athlete holding the ball and sitting on a bench .	the man records an athlete holding what and sitting on a bench ?	ball
27288	An elderly woman is seated in a chair .	where is an elderly woman seated . ?	chair
27289	She is knitting with red yarn .	what is the color of the yarn ?	red
27293	A woman is hosting a news segment that leads into clips of people working on the streets and protesting .	what is the woman hosting ?	segment
27295	We see a man shooting pool on a blue table .	what is the color of the table ?	blue
27297	We see the closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
27298	A senior picture of a female is shown and then a screen flashes indicating that her highlights are about to be shown .	what is the senior picture of a female shown and then flashes indicating that her highlights are about to be shown ?	screen
27301	he took one of the dart from the board and keeps talking , approaches to the camera and shows the sharp dart .	he took one of the dart from the board and keeps , approaches to the camera and shows what ?	dart
27302	he throw the dart to the board and lean on the wall .	he throw what to the board and lean on the wall ?	dart
27314	Two men hit their knuckles together before the race begins .	what did two men hit together ?	knuckles
27314	Two men hit their knuckles together before the race begins .	how many men hit their knuckles together before the race begins ?	two
27319	The camera then zooms in on a photo on a poster .	what then zooms in on the photo on a poster ?	camera
27324	Then the ballet dancer brings one foot into a coupe .	how many foot does then the ballet dancer bring into a coupe ?	one
27325	Next she straightens both legs and puts one leg in the front and brings it back down .	next she straightens both legs and puts how many leg in the front and brings it back down ?	one
27326	She then repeats those 3 steps over again .	what does she then repeat over again ?	steps
27326	She then repeats those 3 steps over again .	how many steps does she then repeat over again ?	three
27327	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27328	We see 5 men walking down the street sides by side .	how many men do we see walking down the street sides by side ?	five
27331	Two men turn and look at each other .	how many men turn and look at each other ?	two
27332	One man buys drinks as everyone stares at them .	what does one man buy as everyone stares at them ?	drinks
27332	One man buys drinks as everyone stares at them .	how many man buys drinks as everyone stares at them ?	one
27333	The five men drink their beers in one gulp .	what do the five men drink in one gulp ?	beers
27333	The five men drink their beers in one gulp .	how many men drink their beers in one gulp ?	five
27334	The men leave the bar drunk .	what do the men leave drunk ?	bar
27335	We see a gray closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
27335	We see a gray closing screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	gray
27336	woman wearing black clothes is laying down in the floor doing abs .	woman wearing what is laying down in the floor doing abs ?	clothes
27336	woman wearing black clothes is laying down in the floor doing abs .	what is the color of the clothes ?	black
27336	woman wearing black clothes is laying down in the floor doing abs .	where is woman wearing black clothes is laying down doing abs . ?	floor
27338	woman is doing exercise in a roofed gym .	where is woman doing exercise . ?	gym
27350	The boy then dives into the water and the camera captures him moving from underwater .	what does the boy then dive into the water and captures him moving from underwater ?	camera
27351	A gymnast mounts a high beam in a gym .	where does the gymnast mount a high beam . ?	gym
27354	A large orange machine is shown moving down a road with a claw like arm and razor cutting down the grass .	what is shown moving down the road with a claw like arm and razor cutting down the grass ?	machine
27355	The cutting continues and the machine is being operated in different areas such as highways .	what does the cutting continue and is being operated in different areas such as highways ?	machine
27358	Various clip are shown of ingredients being laid out in bowls followed by a person mixing them all together .	what are shown of ingredients being laid out in bowls followed by a person mixing them all together ?	clip
27360	She then pulls out the made cookies and gives the camera a thumbs up .	she then pulls out what and gives the camera a thumbs up ?	cookies
27361	People are driving bumper cars and crashing into each other .	what are people driving and crashing into each other ?	cars
27362	A green car crashes into a gold car .	what crashes into the gold car ?	car
27362	A green car crashes into a gold car .	what is the color of the car ?	green
27363	A blue car crashes into a gold car .	what crashes into the gold car ?	car
27363	A blue car crashes into a gold car .	what is the color of the car ?	blue
27364	A camera pans around a large warehouse and shows clips of materials being made and men working .	what pans around the large warehouse and shows clips of materials being made and men working ?	camera
27366	More products for homes are being pushed out and a machinery is shown carrying them away .	what are more products for homes being pushed out and is shown carrying them away ?	machinery
27373	The man climbs a ladder and adds a piece of wallpaper to the wall .	the man climbs what and adds a piece of wallpaper to the wall ?	ladder
27376	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27377	A person walks up stairs into a room and sees beer poured from a keg and people talking .	the person walks up what into a room and sees beer poured from a keg and people talking ?	stairs
27377	A person walks up stairs into a room and sees beer poured from a keg and people talking .	the person walks up stairs into a room and sees what poured from a keg and people talking ?	beer
27378	People stand and play beer pong while others watch .	what do people stand and play ?	pong
27380	A man hits the ball away from the cup .	what does the man hit away from the cup ?	ball
27389	The boy holds open his eyelids and places in a contact lens .	where does the boy hold open his eyelids and places . ?	lens
27394	He uses a sprayer to apply the red paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	red
27398	The final man does a more traditional dive .	what does the final man do ?	dive
27400	The woman arrange a gift basket and shows a pile of nice gifts .	the woman arrange what and shows a pile of nice gifts ?	basket
27401	Then , the woman wraps gifts with different shapes and ornaments .	what does then , the woman wrap with different shapes and ornaments ?	gifts
27407	A young child wearing a helmet is climbing on monkey bars on a playground with a small boy underneath her .	the young child wearing what is climbing on monkey bars on a playground with a small boy underneath her ?	helmet
27408	A person riding a bike goes around the young girl and she climbs until the last bar .	the person riding what goes around the young girl and she climbs until the last bar ?	bicycle
27409	A man in red short is pouring a bottle onto some wood .	what is the man in red short pouring onto some wood ?	bottle
27413	A camera pans around a large indoor pool and shows a man jumping off a diving board into the water .	what pans around the large indoor pool and shows a man jumping off a diving board into the water ?	camera
27416	Two sumos prepares to wrestle in a ring while a judge stands in middle of them .	how many sumos prepares to wrestle in the ring while a judge stands in middle of them ?	two
27419	The crow applaud , then men broom the ring .	what applaud , then men broom the ring ?	crow
27423	A woman uses the mallet to hit the ball , then others join in .	what does the woman use , then others join in ?	mallet
27424	A man holding a mallet and ball talks about the process of how to play the game , playing and hitting the ball and he explains it .	the man holding a mallet and ball talks about the process of how to play the game , playing and hitting what and he explains it ?	ball
27430	Someone begins to cut various vegetable with a knife , this includes a green vegetable and onions .	what is the color of the vegetable ?	green
27431	Next an empty metallic pan is shown as someone pours oil and the vegetables into it .	what is next shown as someone pours oil and the vegetables into it ?	pan
27435	The pan is removed and the stirred ingredients are blended .	what is removed and the stirred ingredients are blended ?	pan
27435	The pan is removed and the stirred ingredients are blended .	what is the pan removed and are blended ?	ingredients
27436	The blended ingredients are put back onto the man and a red substance from a can is poured onto the pan and mixed in .	what are put back onto the man and a red substance from a can is poured onto the pan and mixed in ?	ingredients
27436	The blended ingredients are put back onto the man and a red substance from a can is poured onto the pan and mixed in .	what is the color of the substance ?	red
27437	The sauce is completed and poured onto the noodles .	what is completed and poured onto the noodles ?	sauce
27438	The video ends with with an orange background with information on where to watch more videos .	what is the color of the background ?	orange
27440	A boy hits the pinata until it falls while the boy cover his eyes with a blue cloth .	what does the boy hit ?	pinata
27440	A boy hits the pinata until it falls while the boy cover his eyes with a blue cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	blue
27442	Two people are outside in ball dancing in a plaza as a group of people surround them and watch .	how many people are outside in ball dancing in a plaza as a group of people surround them and watch ?	two
27442	Two people are outside in ball dancing in a plaza as a group of people surround them and watch .	where are two people outside dancing in a plaza as a group of people surround them and watch . ?	ball
27443	People come and go to watch the two people dance and then they finally stop dancing , bow and grabs a cloth to wash their face .	people come and go to watch how many people dance ?	two
27444	A woman places vegetable leaves in a bow .	where does the woman place vegetable leaves . ?	bow
27445	The camera pans right to show a man standing beside the woman .	what pans right to show the man standing beside the woman ?	camera
27447	Two men are seen leading over the hood of the car while grabbing onto each other 's hands .	how many men are seen leading over the hood of the car while grabbing onto each other 's hands ?	two
27457	The person then holds up the dogs face and begins trimming around it 's eyes .	the person then holds up what and begins trimming around it 's eyes ?	face
27460	A little kid in colorful shirt is crossing the monkey bar .	what is the little kid in colorful shirt crossing ?	bar
27463	Then , the toddler applies make up to her eyelids on front a blue mirror .	what is the color of the mirror ?	blue
27470	The player hits the ball into the goal .	what does the player hit into the goal ?	ball
27472	A guy removes his helmet .	what does the guy remove ?	helmet
27474	The woman rinses a toothbrush under water .	what does the woman rinse under water ?	toothbrush
27475	The woman applies toothpaste to the toothbrush .	what does the woman apply to the toothbrush ?	toothpaste
27482	A camera pans to a kite flying around in the sky as well as people in a field .	what pans to the kite flying around in the sky as well as people in a field ?	camera
27491	The rafters arrive to a cascade and the boats fold when descend the cascade , then they continue rafting in the river .	what arrive to the cascade and the boats fold when descend the cascade , then they continue rafting in the river ?	rafters
27491	The rafters arrive to a cascade and the boats fold when descend the cascade , then they continue rafting in the river .	what do the rafters arrive to a cascade and fold when descend the cascade , then they continue rafting in the river ?	boats
27493	He is hanging wall paper onto a wall in front of him .	what is he hanging onto a wall in front of him ?	paper
27494	He uses a tool to smooth out the wall paper once it 's on the wall .	what does he use ?	tool
27503	The vacuum cleaner collecting bucket is moved in order to reach a new area of carpet .	what is moved in order to reach a new area of carpet ?	bucket
27505	The person lifts up the head of the vacuum and examines the wheels underneath .	the person lifts up the head of the vacuum and examines what underneath ?	wheels
27506	Bowling pins are getting hit with bowling ball .	what are getting hit with bowling ball ?	pins
27510	A woman picks up a ball that falls onto the ground .	what does the woman pick up ?	ball
27512	A camp fire burns brightly in the night .	what burns brightly in the night ?	fire
27516	A man and woman are standing an a kitchen .	what are the man and woman standing ?	kitchen
27517	The woman is chopping up various vegetables on a white tray .	what is the color of the tray ?	white
27542	One person covers the floor with tiles .	how many person covers the floor with tiles ?	one
27543	Then , another man come and help cover the floor with tiles .	then , cover what with tiles ?	floor
27551	We see a green title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27551	We see a green title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	green
27553	A man in white shorts sits down in front of the camera .	what is the color of the shorts ?	white
27555	Two men almost crash into the camera .	how many men almost crash into the camera ?	two
27558	The screen fades to green .	what fades to green ?	screen
27560	A cow is released and the man chases after it .	what is released and the man chases after it ?	cow
27562	A man briefly enters the camera frame .	what does the man briefly enter ?	frame
27564	A cow is released and the second man chases after it .	what is released and the second man chases after it ?	cow
27566	Two riders and two assistants enter the frame .	what do two riders and two assistants enter ?	frame
27567	A man bungee jumps from an elevated capsule into a body of water beneath him in a forest like environment .	what jumps from an elevated capsule into a body of water beneath him in a forest like environment ?	bungee
27568	A man in a blue shirt is strapped into a bungee jumping harness .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
27569	The man is then lifted into the air in a yellow capsule with a guide , high above a body of water .	what is the color of the capsule ?	yellow
27571	A man in a blue shirt is standing in the woods explaining something .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
27573	The camera goes back to him standing .	what goes back to him standing ?	camera
27574	The camera goes to the fire being started .	what goes to the fire being started ?	camera
27575	the camera goes back to him standing .	what goes back to him standing ?	camera
27576	The camera goes back to him building a different kind of campfire .	what goes back to him building a different kind of campfire ?	camera
27579	man is putting white glue around the leak .	what is the color of the glue ?	white
27582	The light goes out and the room is dark .	what does the light go out and is dark ?	room
27583	The man in green walks to the middle of the court and hits the ball back and forth .	the man in green walks to the middle of the court and hits what back and forth ?	ball
27585	A sailboat with dark red plum colored sails is riding on the ocean .	what is the color of the sails ?	red
27586	The boat turns and we see it from behind as we move to the left side .	what turns and we see it from behind as we move to the left side ?	boat
27587	The camera zoom in and out then flashes to another angle .	what is zoom in and out then flashes to another angle ?	camera
27602	A man drives his car to the beach .	what does the man drive to the beach ?	car
27606	A person touches the skin with a green light while cleaning the area .	what is the color of the light ?	green
27608	The person continues applying the green light .	what is the color of the light ?	green
27609	There are 4 african american children skipping around on the concrete ground .	how many african american children are there skipping around on the concrete ground ?	four
27610	3 are wearing dresses and 1 of them is wearing a shirt and pants .	what are 3 wearing and 1 of them is wearing a shirt and pants ?	dresses
27611	After they 're done skipping , they go to pick vegetables on the side of a building and put them into a blue bowl .	what is the color of the bowl ?	blue
27612	A jet ski is parked and a man is riding one .	what is parked and the man is riding one ?	ski
27614	Two men on a jet ski shake their hair .	how many men on a jet ski shake their hair ?	two
27615	A person name is on the screen and we see a man jet ski .	what is the person name on the screen and we see ?	ski
27619	A group of men are outside standing in a circle hitting sticks as two males begin fighting .	the group of men are outside standing in a circle hitting sticks as how many males begin fighting ?	two
27620	Next , two more men begin dancing around the circle making fighting movements .	how many more men do next , begin dancing around the circle making fighting movements ?	two
27624	Two men are standing on a gym .	how many men are standing on the gym ?	two
27625	A man gets on his knees and lifts two weights .	the man gets on his knees and lifts how many weights ?	two
27631	We see a black intro screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27631	We see a black intro screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
27634	The princess and her people exit the room .	the princess and her people exit what ?	room
27635	We go back to the black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
27636	A woman is standing while wearing a pair of black boots .	what is the color of the boots ?	black
27637	Her boots begin to move and kick as she starts dancing .	what begin to move and kick as she starts dancing ?	boots
27640	A man is jumping rope in a room .	where is the man jumping rope . ?	room
27643	There is a man wearing a blue hazmat suit spray painting a tall fence .	there is a man wearing what a tall fence ?	spray
27643	There is a man wearing a blue hazmat suit spray painting a tall fence .	there is a man wearing a blue hazmat suit spray painting what ?	fence
27643	There is a man wearing a blue hazmat suit spray painting a tall fence .	what is the color of the painting ?	blue
27644	He is using a spray paint hose to paint the wooden fence .	what is he using ?	hose
27645	He moves the hose back and forth to ensure he covers the entire surface area of the fence .	what does he move back and forth ?	hose
27648	She touches a red plate and positions it and then runs again to the other side .	what is the color of the plate ?	red
27654	A woman wearing a head scarf is seated , talking to the camera .	the woman wearing what is seated , talking to the camera ?	scarf
27663	The camera pans in on a volleyball player while she plays a game with others .	what pans in on the volleyball player while she plays a game with others ?	camera
27664	The camera pauses every now and then to capture her movements and pans around the other people playing .	what pauses every now and then to capture her movements and pans around the other people playing ?	camera
27670	The horse began running in circles as the older woman is watching .	what began running in circles as the older woman is watching ?	horse
27676	2 The guy wraps up the cat .	what does 2 the guy wrap up ?	cat
27677	3 The Guy cut the cats nails and the cat tries to bite him a few times .	what did 3 the guy cut and tries to bite him a few times ?	cat
27680	A timer is on the desk in front of them .	what is on the desk in front of them ?	timer
27681	The person completes the rubiks cube and sets it down on the table .	the person completes what and sets it down on the table ?	cube
27682	A person gets off a plane .	what does the person get off ?	airplane
27685	A man is shown against a white background .	what is the color of the background ?	white
27686	He is playing a guitar with his hands .	what is he playing with his hands ?	guitar
27688	Two people are playing badminton as someone records them with a video camera .	how many people are playing badminton as someone records them with a video camera ?	two
27694	They take turns to throw the orange balls as instructed by their coach .	what is the color of the balls ?	orange
27695	Two cookies are shown on a plate .	what are shown on the plate ?	cookies
27695	Two cookies are shown on a plate .	how many cookies are shown on the plate ?	two
27696	The ingredients are mixed into a bowl one at a time , adding eggs , sugar , and butter .	what are mixed into the bowl one at a time , adding eggs , sugar , and butter ?	ingredients
27697	The cookies are cut out of the dough .	what are cut out of the dough ?	cookies
27700	The woman sweeps the floor to prep for a project .	what does the woman sweep ?	floor
27703	The woman shows the finished floor off .	what does the woman show off ?	floor
27706	A motorcycle drives by on the road .	what drives by on the road ?	motorcycle
27707	The man puts the shoe down and picks up another one to polish .	the man puts what down and picks up another one to polish ?	shoe
27708	He grabs the long pole and begins to walk with it to the other side of the field .	he grabs what and begins to walk with it to the other side of the field ?	pole
27715	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27720	We see two men high five each other .	how many men do we see high five each other ?	two
27721	We see the closing tile screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27724	People sit at a black jack table .	what is the color of the table ?	black
27730	The lady pulls her braid in front of her and adds a hair tie .	the lady pulls her braid in front of her and adds what ?	tie
27732	A row of teenaged boys are playing snare drums .	what are the row of teenaged boys playing ?	drums
27734	A girl playing a drum joins in .	the girl playing what joins in ?	drum
27745	Two men demonstrate jump rope stunts , tricks and techniques in an auditorium in front of a group of students .	how many men demonstrate jump rope stunts , tricks and techniques in an auditorium in front of a group of students ?	two
27746	A man in a grey track suit performs jump rope tricks in front of a group of students .	what does the man in a grey track suit perform in front of a group of students ?	tricks
27746	A man in a grey track suit performs jump rope tricks in front of a group of students .	what is the color of the suit ?	gray
27747	The man in the grey track suit finishes and the children clap .	what is the color of the finishes ?	gray
27748	A second man walks beside the man and the two men begin to perform more tricks and stunts including backflips and dance moves during the demonstration .	how many men begin to perform more tricks and stunts including backflips and dance moves during the demonstration ?	two
27749	Two people are seen hosting a news segment speaking to one another and showing several clips on the interior of a gym .	how many people are seen hosting the news segment speaking to one another and showing several clips on the interior of a gym ?	two
27755	A group of volunteers rake the leaves together in front of a house .	what did the group of volunteers rake together in front of a house ?	leaves
27756	Volunteers all eat together in a cafeteria .	where do volunteers all eat . ?	cafeteria
27759	She is putting sand into a cup and building a sand castle .	what is she putting sand into a cup and building ?	castle
27765	They open beers and bump the together , then they start throwing beers to the audience .	they open what and bump the together , then they start throwing beers to the audience ?	beers
27769	The group trows balls back and forth with an opposing team in a dodge ball game .	what does the group trows back and forth with an opposing team in a dodge ball game ?	balls
27772	A Brazilian player pass the ball to his playmate who scores and runs to celebrate , other Brazilian players scores many times .	what do the brazilian player pass to his playmate who scores and runs to celebrate , other brazilian players scores many times ?	ball
27777	A little girl follows a boy in a yellow bumper car .	what is the color of the car ?	yellow
27777	A little girl follows a boy in a yellow bumper car .	where does the little girl follow a boy . ?	car
27778	Then , the boy and the girl hit other bumper cars .	what did then , the boy and the girl hit ?	cars
27785	A man wearing a blue shirt is playing the piano in a yard .	the man wearing what is playing the piano in a yard ?	shirt
27785	A man wearing a blue shirt is playing the piano in a yard .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
27786	There are two elephants standing behind him .	what are there standing behind him ?	elephants
27786	There are two elephants standing behind him .	how many elephants are there standing behind him ?	two
27789	He gives a big finish with the tune and then pats the elephant 's trunk .	he gives a big finish with the tune and then pats what trunk ?	elephant
27789	He gives a big finish with the tune and then pats the elephant 's trunk .	he gives a big finish with the tune and then pats what ?	trunk
27791	A hockey stick and a white ball lay on fake grass outside .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
27792	A person moves a white ball with a hockey stick .	what does the person move with a hockey stick ?	ball
27792	A person moves a white ball with a hockey stick .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
27793	A person demonstrates ten field hockey techniques .	how many field hockey techniques does the person demonstrate ?	ten
27797	A boy swings and hits the ball out of the yard .	the boy swings and hits what out of the yard ?	ball
27800	The boy swings a stick at the balls to hit them through a goal .	what does the boy swing at the balls ?	stick
27801	People play shuffleboard in a gym .	where do people play shuffleboard . ?	gym
27802	A woman throws a black puck , then she talks and continue playing .	what is the color of the puck ?	black
27803	Old man wearing a cap talks in the gym .	what is old man wearing in the gym ?	talks
27803	Old man wearing a cap talks in the gym .	where is old man wearing a cap talks . ?	gym
27804	Two women talks side by side , one of the woman holds a pole .	how many women talks side by side ?	two
27809	cars covered by a thick snow is shown and a man is cleaning the snow with a shovel in the windshield and all the car .	what covered by a thick snow is shown and a man is cleaning the snow with a shovel in the windshield and all the car ?	cars
27810	car is going in street .	what is going in street ?	car
27810	car is going in street .	where is car going . ?	street
27815	We see two boys talking in the rink .	how many boys do we see talking in the rink ?	two
27819	A referee wearing a white shirt in a boxing match starts a boxing match .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
27820	Two girl boxers approach each other and start kick boxing .	what approach each other and start kick boxing ?	boxers
27820	Two girl boxers approach each other and start kick boxing .	how many girl boxers approach each other and start kick boxing ?	two
27822	Both boxers exchange punches and kicks in the center of the ring .	what punches and kicks in the center of the ring ?	exchange
27824	Two people are tubing in a stream with lush water and huge rocks through out it .	how many people are tubing in the stream with lush water and huge rocks through out it ?	two
27828	Two people have their legs tied together and then receive instructions .	how many people have their legs tied together and then receive instructions ?	two
27829	They walk out to a ledge and then go bungee jumping over the edge .	they walk out to a ledge and then go what jumping over the edge ?	bungee
27836	There 's a man in a pink shirt and a lady in a white tank top holding bagpipes in her hand .	what is the color of the bagpipes ?	white
27842	three kids are hitting a ball with a racket .	what are three kids hitting with a racket ?	ball
27842	three kids are hitting a ball with a racket .	how many kids are hitting the ball with a racket ?	three
27844	They are each taking turns hitting the ball .	what are they each taking ?	turns
27847	Then , the person sails in choppy waters , suddenly he pivote the boat away helping with the oar .	what do then , the person sails in choppy waters , suddenly he pivote away helping with the oar ?	boat
27855	People watch a parade where people walk on front a marching band holding a banner and waving the viewers .	people watch a parade a marching band holding what and waving the viewers ?	banner
27857	A group of soldiers holds rifles and flags on front a black car .	what is the color of the car ?	black
27860	He then wipes the knife with a rag and continues sharpening the knives .	he then wipes what with a rag and continues sharpening the knives ?	knife
27862	The men begin to hold hands and quickly move away while two women walk into scene .	the men begin to hold hands and quickly move away while how many women walk into scene ?	two
27865	The women then help the men arm wrestle and one punches the other to help one man win .	how many man does one punch the other to help win ?	one
27867	The women pull out duct tape and stuff one body into a bag .	the women pull out what and stuff one body into a bag ?	tape
27867	The women pull out duct tape and stuff one body into a bag .	the women pull out duct tape and stuff how many body into a bag ?	one
27872	The martial artists in red pants and black shirts do kicks and flips .	what is the color of the pants ?	red
27872	The martial artists in red pants and black shirts do kicks and flips .	what is the color of the shirts ?	black
27873	Drummers wearing all black and red hats play the drums .	what are drummers wearing all black and red hats play ?	drums
27875	A young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking .	what are the young boy and girl standing over with their mother talking ?	sink
27879	The boy and girl begin playing in the sink .	where do the boy and girl begin playing . ?	sink
27887	She throws the baton up and does a few cartwheels and lands in time to catch it .	she throws what up and does a few cartwheels and lands in time to catch it ?	baton
27888	She accidentally drops the baton and picks its up and continues on and on until the end of her dance .	she accidentally drops what and picks its up and continues on and on until the end of her dance ?	baton
27890	anoher man appears on the room and is practicing a head lock .	anoher man appears on the room and is practicing what ?	lock
27894	We see a ending screen with the man 's youtube channel address on it .	what do we see with the man 's youtube channel address on it ?	screen
27900	People are sitting in a car .	where are people sitting . ?	car
27903	Various pictures are shown of people huddled up together as well as people playing soccer on a beach .	what are shown of people huddled up together as well as people playing soccer on a beach ?	pictures
27904	More pictures are shown of people playing as well as one man receiving a trophy and celebrating with others .	what are shown of people playing as well as one man receiving a trophy and celebrating with others ?	pictures
27907	woman is ni seashore wearing a big hat and smiling .	what is woman wearing a big hat and smiling ?	seashore
27907	woman is ni seashore wearing a big hat and smiling .	woman is ni seashore wearing what and smiling ?	hat
27910	He picks up a beer and takes a drink quickly .	he picks up what and takes a drink quickly ?	beer
27913	The woman then puts ingredients onto sandwich bread and mixes the two together and takes multiple bites .	the woman then puts what onto sandwich bread and mixes the two together and takes multiple bites ?	ingredients
27916	She then washing clothes in the bucket using water continuously as well as a toothbrush .	where does she then wash clothes . ?	toothbrush
27918	three people is in studio talking about news .	how many people is in studio talking about news ?	three
27922	He is covering a couch with plastic , and tapes it in place .	what is he covering with plastic , and tapes it in place ?	couch
27924	We see blue letters on a black screen and see a roof .	we see blue letters on a black screen and see what ?	roof
27924	We see blue letters on a black screen and see a roof .	what is the color of the letters ?	blue
27924	We see blue letters on a black screen and see a roof .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
27930	The ball falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up .	what falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up ?	ball
27930	The ball falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up .	what is the color of the shorts ?	red
27931	A man in a black hat serves the ball .	what does the man in a black hat serve ?	ball
27931	A man in a black hat serves the ball .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
27933	However , in his hand he has a scythe and begins swinging it back and forth cutting the grass down further .	however , in his hand he has what and begins swinging it back and forth cutting the grass down further ?	scythe
27934	As he cuts , several texts appear across the screen with white words about what he is doing and explaining the activity .	what is the color of the words ?	white
27939	An elderly woman lays on down against a brown pillow .	what is the color of the pillow ?	brown
27940	She holds a harmonica to her mouth and plays it .	she holds what to her mouth and plays it ?	harmonica
27941	The light in the room brightens .	where does the light brighten . ?	room
27944	One of the players from the black team hits the puck away from his opponent .	what is the color of the team ?	black
27945	The players from the white team try to prevent him from hitting a goal .	what is the color of the team ?	white
27947	Then the focus is back on the real game where a black team player is highlighted as he takes a shot on the goal .	what is the color of the player ?	black
27949	The black team player hits the puck on the opposite corner of the ice .	what is the color of the player ?	black
27950	As the black moves fast and towards the goal , it cause the goalie to fall down .	what is the color of the moves ?	black
27951	The black team wins the goal and gets the victory in the game .	what is the color of the team ?	black
27952	A camera pans over a weight room and shows various people working on a machines .	what pans over the weight room and shows various people working on a machines ?	camera
27953	One man is seen running on an elliptical while another using a rowing machine in the back .	how many man is seen running on an elliptical while another using a rowing machine in the back ?	one
27956	A person throws a bowling ball down a lane .	what does the person throw down a lane ?	ball
27957	They knock the pins down .	they knock what down ?	pins
27958	They throw the ball at a spare and knock all the rest of the pins down .	they throw what at a spare and knock all the rest of the pins down ?	ball
27960	The woman wrings out a towel .	what does the woman wring out ?	towel
27962	A man in a baseball cap , shorts and a blue short sleeved shirt serves three tennis balls across a tennis net on a tennis court by himself .	what does the man in a baseball cap , shorts and a blue short sleeved shirt serve across a tennis net on a tennis court by himself ?	balls
27962	A man in a baseball cap , shorts and a blue short sleeved shirt serves three tennis balls across a tennis net on a tennis court by himself .	how many tennis balls does the man in a baseball cap , shorts and a blue short sleeved shirt serve across a tennis net on a tennis court by himself ?	three
27962	A man in a baseball cap , shorts and a blue short sleeved shirt serves three tennis balls across a tennis net on a tennis court by himself .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
27963	A man on a tennis court by himself serves a tennis ball with a tennis racket across a net .	what does the man on a tennis court by himself serve with a tennis racket across a net ?	ball
27964	The man then serves two more balls across the net , the ball just land on the other side .	how many more balls does the man then serve across the net , the ball just land on the other side ?	two
27973	A man plays bagpipes in a city square while nobody pays attention .	what does the man play in a city square ?	bagpipes
27983	One of the men checks his gun and readjust his it and then keeps moving forward .	one of the men checks what and readjust his it and then keeps moving forward ?	gun
27986	He opens the fridge and takes out sandwich ingredients .	he opens what and takes out sandwich ingredients ?	fridge
27989	Afterward , he puts the ingredients back into the fridge , zeroing in on the sandwich on the counter .	what does afterward , he put back into the fridge , ?	ingredients
27992	One man kneels down and the others shake hands with players .	how many man kneels down ?	one
27993	A lady chef wearing a stripe blouse talks in a kitchen .	where is the lady chef wearing a stripe blouse talks . ?	kitchen
27995	The lady chef shows a step by step process for preparing the creamy seafood pasta dish and shows the final product .	the lady chef shows a step by step process for preparing the creamy seafood pasta dish and shows what ?	product
27996	A man is talking in a stable as he feeds a horse beside him .	where is the man talking as he feeds a horse beside him . ?	stable
27998	He mounts a saddle onto the horse .	what does he mount onto the horse ?	saddle
28000	A woman wearing exercise equipment is shown talking to the camera and pointing to several areas on her body .	the woman wearing exercise what is shown talking to the camera and pointing to several areas on her body ?	equipment
28002	She then grabs a weight in both hands as well as a cat to use as a weight for the exercise .	what does she then grab a weight in both hands as well as ?	cat
28008	The lady puts a clip on the girls lip and sticks a large needle through her lip .	the lady puts what on the girls lip and sticks a large needle through her lip ?	clip
28008	The lady puts a clip on the girls lip and sticks a large needle through her lip .	the lady puts a clip on the girls lip and sticks what through her lip ?	needle
28009	The lady slides the earring through the girls lip and puts a disinfectant on it .	the lady slides what through the girls lip and puts a disinfectant on it ?	earring
28009	The lady slides the earring through the girls lip and puts a disinfectant on it .	the lady slides the earring through the girls lip and puts what on it ?	disinfectant
28015	After , the person puts stripes on the border of the shims , then put the carpet .	, then put what ?	carpet
28018	Two swimmers stand bow forward on a high dive platform .	how many swimmers stand bow forward on the high dive platform ?	two
28021	A white wave crashes down and the surfer below it disappears as the large white foam of the wave spreads to a very large area on the water .	what is the color of the wave ?	white
28021	A white wave crashes down and the surfer below it disappears as the large white foam of the wave spreads to a very large area on the water .	what is the color of the foam ?	white
28025	A class room is filled with students either sitting or standing .	what is filled with students either sitting or standing ?	room
28029	The camera pans to people pushing the puck along the ice followed by a person pushing the puck into the middle .	what pans to people pushing the puck along the ice followed by a person pushing the puck into the middle ?	camera
28030	A little boy in his pajamma 's standing in the mirror watching himself brush his teeth .	where does the little boy in his pajamma 's standing watching himself brush his teeth . ?	mirror
28031	He moves forward a little and spits out some toothpaste .	he moves forward a little and spits out what ?	toothpaste
28035	A man is SCUBA diving underwater while holding his air tank in his hands and the text continues to explain .	the man is scuba diving underwater while holding what in his hands and the text continues to explain ?	tank
28036	The air tank is seen floating on it 's own on the sea bed .	what is seen floating on it 's own on the sea bed ?	tank
28040	A man is holding a pocket knife while sitting on some rocks in the wilderness .	what is the man holding while sitting on some rocks in the wilderness ?	knife
28045	The stone particles stick to the wet piece of wood .	what stick to the wet piece of wood ?	particles
28047	He then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him .	what does he then notice sitting next to him ?	frog
28048	The frog then escapes and jumps away .	what then escapes and jumps away ?	frog
28050	We see a pink opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
28051	We see a lady brushing two miniature horses .	how many miniature horses do we see a lady brushing ?	two
28052	The lady cleans the brown horses hooves .	what does the lady clean ?	hooves
28052	The lady cleans the brown horses hooves .	what is the color of the hooves ?	brown
28056	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
28058	We see the lady brush the brown horse again .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
28063	The product 's varying sizes are displayed .	what varying sizes are displayed ?	product
28064	The guy pours product in a container and uses a brush to put the liquid on the surface of a metal object .	the guy pours what in a container and uses a brush to put the liquid on the surface of a metal object ?	product
28065	The guy puts a white cloth on the edge .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
28066	The guy runs the metal object repeatedly across the white cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
28068	A painting is shown followed by several pictures of painting tools and supplies .	what is shown followed by several pictures of painting tools and supplies ?	painting
28069	A person 's hand then begins putting marks on the painting and dipping her brush continuously in the paint .	where does the person 's hand then begin putting marks on the painting and dipping her brush . ?	paint
28070	The camera pans down the finished picture and a text is shown across the screen .	what pans down the finished picture and a text is shown across the screen ?	camera
28078	Two people are seen standing in a gymnasium wearing boxing gloves .	how many people are seen standing in the gymnasium wearing boxing gloves ?	two
28083	There are two people dressed in yellow shirts playing table tennis in a finished basement .	how many people are there dressed in yellow shirts playing table tennis in a finished basement ?	two
28083	There are two people dressed in yellow shirts playing table tennis in a finished basement .	what is the color of the shirts ?	yellow
28084	There are three people seated on sofas next to them watching soccer television .	how many people are there seated on sofas next to them watching soccer television ?	three
28086	The two players continue playing table tennis .	how many players continue playing table tennis ?	two
28087	The player on the right hits the ball which is opponent returns in a fast manner .	what does the player on the right hit ?	ball
28088	The ball falls off the table .	what falls off the table ?	ball
28091	A guy dressed in a black hoodie walks by .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	black
28094	Two young children are shown when one climbs across a set of monkey bars and the other steps out of frame .	how many young children are shown when one climbs across a set of monkey bars and the other steps out of frame ?	two
28103	He stacks tomatoes on top of the lettuce on the bread .	what does he stack on top of the lettuce on the bread ?	tomatoes
28104	He puts chicken on top of the tomato .	what does he put on top of the tomato ?	chicken
28105	He puts one piece of bread on top of the other .	how many piece does he put of bread on top of the other ?	one
28106	He puts mayonnaise on top of the top piece of bread .	what does he put on top of the top piece of bread ?	mayonnaise
28109	He cuts the sandwich into four slices on a board .	what does he cut into four slices on a board ?	sandwich
28112	He adds fries to the plate with the sandwich on it .	what does he add to the plate with the sandwich on it ?	fries
28119	A red mustang is being hosed down .	what is being hosed down ?	mustang
28119	A red mustang is being hosed down .	what is the color of the mustang ?	red
28120	Next , the workers rub soap over the car .	what do next , the workers rub soap ?	car
28124	One player moves all around the net holding the ball and demonstrates how to properly shoot a hoop .	how many player moves all around the net holding the ball and demonstrates how to properly shoot a hoop ?	one
28132	Two people are shown holding fencing sticks and pointing towards each other .	how many people are shown holding fencing sticks and pointing towards each other ?	two
28139	woman is showing salsa movements in a room .	what is woman showing in a room ?	movements
28139	woman is showing salsa movements in a room .	where is woman showing salsa movements . ?	room
28141	He throws a frisbee through the air , and a dog catches it .	what does he throw through the air , and a dog catches it ?	frisbee
28141	He throws a frisbee through the air , and a dog catches it .	what does he throw a frisbee through the air , and catches it ?	dog
28142	The dog chases and does tricks to get the frisbee .	what chases and does tricks to get the frisbee ?	dog
28144	The latch is let down and they all take off into the dirt and start to race in the dirt .	what is let down and they all take off into the dirt and start to race in the dirt ?	latch
28146	The video shows a canopy representing the Eastern Mountain Sports event .	what does the video show representing the eastern mountain sports event ?	canopy
28151	Two people are playing with a Frisbee as one person walks on the rope .	how many people are playing with the frisbee as one person walks on the rope ?	two
28152	A girl and boy try the tight rope together .	what do the girl and boy try together ?	rope
28156	The man pull out one tire of the roof and pointed on the sides of the tiles .	the man pull out how many tire of the roof and pointed on the sides of the tiles ?	one
28157	He put back the tile , move it to its original place .	what did he put back , ?	tile
28162	Another man is seen pouring water down on the ground and pasting white paper down .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
28169	After , the person runs behind a player with blue t-shirt to hit the ball and score .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	blue
28170	The camera pans around a pool and audience and leads into a group of swimmers standing ready on the side .	what pans around the pool and audience and leads into a group of swimmers standing ready on the side ?	camera
28173	Then , the man spins the loop and throw to catch a calf , then run and tie the calf .	then , , then run and tie what ?	calf
28174	A young man enters the arena and untie the calf .	the young man enters the arena and untie what ?	calf
28175	A bald man inside of a home is holding a camera and videotaping a woman on stilts .	what is the bald man inside of a home holding and videotaping a woman on stilts ?	camera
28176	The camera pans to the woman , who is walking around the living room in the stilts .	what pans to the woman , who is walking around the living room in the stilts ?	camera
28178	The woman then grabs the camera , and the view is obscured by her hand .	what does the woman then grab , and the view is obscured by her hand ?	camera
28181	At the end , a screen appears with contact information .	what does at the end , appear with contact information ?	screen
28194	The woman is running with a pole , then she jumped over the yellow rope .	what is the color of the rope ?	yellow
28201	He is using clippers on a young man .	what is he using on a young man ?	clippers
28203	A man is outside in a field of grass pushing a lawn mower back and forth .	what is the man outside in a field of grass pushing back and forth ?	mower
28207	The ball is deflected by the defenders in the graphic .	what is deflected by the defenders in the graphic ?	ball
28209	docto is talking in a consulting room and mixing liquids into a test tube preparing coffee and talking to the camera about benefis of the coffee .	where is docto talking and mixing liquids into a test tube preparing coffee and talking to the camera about benefis of the coffee . ?	room
28213	man is diving ni deep sea through the shoals and corals .	what is man through the shoals and corals ?	sea
28214	Four men are playing dodge ball in an indoor court .	what are four men playing in an indoor court ?	ball
28214	Four men are playing dodge ball in an indoor court .	how many men are playing dodge ball in an indoor court ?	four
28215	They start running towards the red balls after the coach blows the whistle .	what is the color of the balls ?	red
28218	Next , the player hits another ball directly at his opponent standing opposite him .	what does next , the player hit directly at his opponent standing opposite him ?	ball
28224	A young man plays the guitar in a boat , while a youth smoke a cigarette .	where does the young man play the guitar , while a youth smoke a cigarette . ?	boat
28225	Two young ladies sail a boat behind the men .	how many young ladies sail the boat behind the men ?	two
28229	A fox news icon appears on the screen .	what appears on the screen ?	icon
28230	A group of people are in a building , playing a game called beer pong .	where are the group of people , playing a game called beer pong . ?	building
28235	Two people are seen walking around on stilts in the middle of a street and sidewalk .	how many people are seen walking around on stilts in the middle of a street and sidewalk ?	two
28239	a blue house is behind the woman that is playing bagpipes .	what is behind the woman that is playing bagpipes ?	house
28239	a blue house is behind the woman that is playing bagpipes .	what is the color of the house ?	blue
28243	All of a sudden , the man walks through the subway and gets off his skateboard until he gets to his destination .	all of a sudden , the man walks through the subway and gets off what ?	skateboard
28245	We see a white opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
28245	We see a white opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
28249	man is standing in front of a kitchen cooking and showing the ingredients to a cook .	what is man standing in front of a kitchen cooking and showing to a cook ?	ingredients
28250	man put the ingredients in a pan and cook the chicken with the salad and serve it in a plate .	man put what in the pan and cook the chicken with the salad and serve it in a plate ?	ingredients
28250	man put the ingredients in a pan and cook the chicken with the salad and serve it in a plate .	man put the ingredients in a pan and cook what with the salad and serve it in a plate ?	chicken
28260	The fish rams into the man and swims away .	what rams into the man and swims away ?	fish
28261	A man holds two swords out and pretends to hit another people holding swords .	the man holds what out and pretends to hit another people holding swords ?	swords
28261	A man holds two swords out and pretends to hit another people holding swords .	the man holds how many swords out and pretends to hit another people holding swords ?	two
28262	He demonstrates again and hands the swords to another man .	he demonstrates again and hands what to another man ?	swords
28265	One man falls down and acts hurt to portray a role in the play Hamlet .	how many man falls down and acts hurt to portray the role in the play hamlet ?	one
28266	A camera pans around a woman standing in front of a dog balancing on a fence .	what pans around the woman standing in front of a dog balancing on a fence ?	camera
28267	The dog continues balancing on the fence while the camera pans around .	what continues balancing on the fence while the camera pans around ?	dog
28268	The dog then jumps off the fence in the end .	what then jumps off the fence in the end ?	dog
28269	A man is holding a white shoe and puts it on the ground .	the man is holding what and puts it on the ground ?	shoe
28269	A man is holding a white shoe and puts it on the ground .	what is the color of the shoe ?	white
28273	A girl is outside on a boat dock holding a three hula hoops in her hands .	how many hula hoops is the girl outside on a boat dock holding in her hands ?	three
28276	Two men are seen standing in an enclosed room holding tennis rackets and begin hitting the ball off the wall to one another .	how many men are seen standing in an enclosed room holding tennis rackets and begin hitting the ball off the wall to one another ?	two
28278	Two men are seen passing a ball to one another and leads into a group of people playing soccer .	how many men are seen passing the ball to one another and leads into a group of people playing soccer ?	two
28288	A person in dark winter gear is using a shovel to shovel the walkway of a parking garage .	what is the person in dark winter gear using ?	shovel
28293	A woman holds a box with UV light to light the handle of the refrigerator , her hand , the microwave oven and utensils .	what does the woman hold with uv light ?	box
28296	Various clips are shown of people playing on the beach as well putting sunscreen on and carrying objects .	what are shown of people playing on the beach as well putting sunscreen on and carrying objects ?	clips
28298	Three men walk into a building .	how many men walk into the building ?	three
28305	The athlete spins his body around and tosses a disc with maximum force .	the athlete spins his body around and tosses what with maximum force ?	disc
28309	man wearing a blue helmet is kayaking in river showing how to use a row .	man wearing what is kayaking in river showing how to use a row ?	helmet
28309	man wearing a blue helmet is kayaking in river showing how to use a row .	what is the color of the helmet ?	blue
28310	man in river is sitting in yellow kayak holding a row .	what is the color of the kayak ?	yellow
28310	man in river is sitting in yellow kayak holding a row .	where is man in river sitting holding a row . ?	kayak
28317	A woman in a blue shirt comes over and hugs her .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
28319	Once she leaves , a black cat is shown and it begins to crawl over everything and then the lady comes and pets it .	what is the color of the cat ?	black
28321	She forgets the scissors and walks out to grab them and comes back to apply more paper on the wall .	she forgets what and walks out to grab them and comes back to apply more paper on the wall ?	scissors
28322	A break is needed and the woman get a drink from the kitchen .	what is the break needed and the woman get from the kitchen ?	drink
28324	The wall still is n't finished and she goes back to the room to finish it rolling the outside of it to ensure its smoothness .	what still is n't finished and she goes back to the room to finish it rolling the outside of it to ensure its smoothness ?	wall
28325	As she finishes , the cat comes in the room and starts playing with a ball before returning back outside .	, what comes in the room and starts playing with a ball before returning back outside ?	cat
28325	As she finishes , the cat comes in the room and starts playing with a ball before returning back outside .	where does as she finish , the cat comes and starts playing with a ball before returning back outside . ?	room
28329	A man in a white hat walks behind him .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
28331	Ingredients are mixed and sauteed .	what are mixed and sauteed ?	ingredients
28334	The final product is taken from the fry pan and placed on a white plate .	what is taken from the fry pan and placed on a white plate ?	product
28334	The final product is taken from the fry pan and placed on a white plate .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
28340	A man in a white shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
28342	Two people choreograph a routine with nunchucks .	how many people choreograph the routine with nunchucks ?	two
28346	A ladder leans on it .	what leans on it ?	ladder
28347	The roof is old and dilapidated .	what is old and dilapidated ?	roof
28348	The camera then pans down .	what then pans down ?	camera
28350	He lifts a giant barbell with all his might .	what does he lift with all his might ?	barbell
28354	The camera moves in closer of the woman still pushing the mower and speaking to the camera .	what moves in closer of the woman still pushing the mower and speaking to the camera ?	camera
28356	man wearing a grey shirts approach to stage and keeps dancing .	man wearing what approach to stage and keeps dancing ?	shirts
28356	man wearing a grey shirts approach to stage and keeps dancing .	what is the color of the shirts ?	gray
28357	woman wearing a pink shirt is in the background holding a white cellphone and taking pictures .	woman wearing what is in the background holding a white cellphone and taking pictures ?	shirt
28357	woman wearing a pink shirt is in the background holding a white cellphone and taking pictures .	what is the color of the cellphone ?	white
28359	Sticks are collected then a ring of stones is construct with the sticks stacked together with twigs inside .	what are collected then the ring of stones is construct with the sticks stacked together with twigs inside ?	sticks
28360	The bundle of woods is lit on fire and more sticks are added to keep it going .	what is the bundle of woods lit on fire and are added to keep it going ?	sticks
28362	The man screws a nozzle onto a propane tank and fuels the fire with it .	what did the man screw onto a propane tank and fuels the fire with it ?	nozzle
28366	The two individuals walk up to the mat and the referee gives them the signal to begin .	how many individuals walk up to the mat ?	two
28372	Some players run past a yellow line .	what is the color of the line ?	yellow
28374	They continue riding down the river under trees and has more people holding the camera .	they continue and has more people holding what ?	camera
28375	Opening credits show the upcoming activities .	what show the upcoming activities ?	credits
28376	A man in plaid is standing at a microphone acknowledging the crowd .	where is the man standing at a microphone acknowledging the crowd . ?	plaid
28381	There 's a little boy dressed in a red shirt and blue jeans seated on a black leather recliner .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
28381	There 's a little boy dressed in a red shirt and blue jeans seated on a black leather recliner .	what is the color of the jeans ?	blue
28381	There 's a little boy dressed in a red shirt and blue jeans seated on a black leather recliner .	what is the color of the recliner ?	black
28387	A camera pans around grass and leads to a fence .	what pans around grass and leads to a fence ?	camera
28388	The camera pans all around the fence with flowers on the side .	what pans all around the fence with flowers on the side ?	camera
28389	The camera continues to pan around the fence and the different colors .	what continues to pan around the fence and the different colors ?	camera
28390	A gun is seen moving around several corners and hitting people in various places .	what is seen moving around several corners and hitting people in various places ?	gun
28393	A man takes a hookah and exhales smoke rings .	the man takes a hookah and exhales what ?	rings
28395	Eight middle aged white men are on one of a rope attempting to win a game of tug-of-war outside in a field at what looks to be a tournament .	how many middle aged white men are on one of a rope attempting to win a game of tug-of-war outside in a field at what looks to be a tournament ?	eight
28395	Eight middle aged white men are on one of a rope attempting to win a game of tug-of-war outside in a field at what looks to be a tournament .	what is the color of the men ?	white
28397	Two people get into an truck .	how many people get into an truck ?	two
28399	A man carrying a ladder sets it against a house .	the man carrying what sets it against a house ?	ladder
28404	A man climbs a ladder and looks at a roof .	the man climbs what and looks at a roof ?	ladder
28418	A group of women are gathered in a room , then go to the beach .	where are the group of women gathered , then go to the beach . ?	room
28422	The man plays the guitar .	what does the man play ?	guitar
28425	The girl then throws the ball up into the air and hits it off into the distance .	the girl then throws what up into the air and hits it off into the distance ?	ball
28427	An elderly lady in a neck brace yells at the camera in a grocery store .	where does an elderly lady yell at the camera in a grocery store . ?	brace
28428	The lady vacuums the floor in the store .	where does the lady vacuum the floor . ?	store
28431	We end seeing her standing in an aisle .	where do we end seeing her standing . ?	aisle
28433	One of the singers is playing the violin while the audience cheers and claps for him .	what is one of the singers playing while the audience cheers and claps for him ?	violin
28445	A man goes down a slide wearing a blue helmet .	what does the man go down wearing a blue helmet ?	slide
28445	A man goes down a slide wearing a blue helmet .	the man goes down a slide wearing what ?	helmet
28445	A man goes down a slide wearing a blue helmet .	what is the color of the helmet ?	blue
28450	A player on the orange team skates with the puck until he is tripped up and falls .	what is the color of the team ?	orange
28451	Player 18 on the grey team retrieves the puck and makes a break down the ice perused by defenders .	what is the color of the team ?	gray
28453	The goalie on the orange team blocks the shot and puts the puck back into play .	what is the color of the team ?	orange
28454	Player 4 on the orange team takes the puck down the ice passing once to himself passed defenders .	what is the color of the team ?	orange
28463	A person then pulls up a pinata and begins swinging at the object .	the person then pulls up what and begins swinging at the object ?	pinata
28466	Then , people rides camels pulled by men .	what did then , pull by men ?	camels
28468	A white car parks behind the camels .	what is the color of the parks ?	white
28477	People are riding bicycles on a track .	what are people riding on a track ?	bicycles
28484	Two men are seen swinging their arms and legs around one another while a group of people stand around and watch them .	how many men are seen swinging their arms and legs around one another while a group of people stand around and watch them ?	two
28487	They use a blue tool to take the chain apart .	what do they use ?	tool
28487	They use a blue tool to take the chain apart .	what is the color of the tool ?	blue
28497	They kick and hit the ball back and forth , celebrating when they win as the crowd claps and cheers .	what do they kick and hit back and forth , ?	ball
28505	The dog is very excited preparing for his next trick .	what is very excited preparing for his next trick ?	dog
28509	She grabs a pole and runs down the track jumping over a bar and onto a mat .	she grabs what and runs down the track jumping over a bar and onto a mat ?	pole
28509	She grabs a pole and runs down the track jumping over a bar and onto a mat .	she grabs a pole and runs down what jumping over a bar and onto a mat ?	track
28511	kids are driving bumper cars in an amusement park .	what are kids driving in an amusement park ?	cars
28513	man wearing a yellow vest is sitting on the background .	man wearing what is sitting on the background ?	vest
28513	man wearing a yellow vest is sitting on the background .	what is the color of the vest ?	yellow
28516	A woman grabs a toy giraffe while others react and others watch in the distance .	what does the woman grab and others watch in the distance ?	giraffe
28519	Then he gets soap and starts to wash his hands very throughly .	then he gets what and starts to wash his hands very throughly ?	soap
28520	He grabs a napkin and dries his hands off still continuing to speak .	he grabs what and dries his hands off still ?	napkin
28525	They pick a ball , then bowl it down the lane .	what do they pick , then bowl it down the lane ?	ball
28529	There are 4 people who are all playing badminton and the boy in the white shirt is the first one to serve to the man in the black shirt .	how many people are there who are all playing badminton and the boy in the white shirt is the first one to serve to the man in the black shirt ?	four
28529	There are 4 people who are all playing badminton and the boy in the white shirt is the first one to serve to the man in the black shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
28529	There are 4 people who are all playing badminton and the boy in the white shirt is the first one to serve to the man in the black shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
28530	Then the man wearing the black shirt serves to the boy whose wearing the gold shirt .	then the man wearing what serves to the boy whose wearing the gold shirt ?	shirt
28530	Then the man wearing the black shirt serves to the boy whose wearing the gold shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
28531	Two men enter the racquetball room .	what do two men enter ?	room
28531	Two men enter the racquetball room .	how many men enter the racquetball room ?	two
28532	The two men start playing racquetball , running around the room trying to hit the ball .	how many men start playing racquetball , running around the room trying to hit the ball ?	two
28533	A man leaved the room and looks into the camera .	the man leaved what and looks into the camera ?	room
28541	He mixes more ingredients in a blender and squishes them all into balls to put in the oven .	he mixes what in a blender and squishes them all into balls to put in the oven ?	ingredients
28544	The hand holding the brush begins painting grass into the painting slowly down the picture .	what is the hand holding the brush begins into the painting slowly down the picture ?	grass
28545	Two men are standing in a room playing a game of tennis .	how many men are standing in the room playing a game of tennis ?	two
28548	There are two news anchors , a lady and a gentleman both dressed in black presenting a news section .	what is the color of the gentleman ?	black
28549	The lady is holding two small cards in her hands as she talks about the product to the viewers .	how many small cards is the lady holding in her hands as she talks about the product to the viewers ?	two
28554	Another news anchor also talks about the same lenses and how it has become a dangerous trend among teenagers .	what also talks about the same lenses and how it has become a dangerous trend among teenagers ?	anchor
28555	The lady news anchor comes back with the male news anchor to continue the program .	what comes back with the male news anchor to continue the program ?	anchor
28560	A blue character chops a block but fails several times .	the blue character chops what but fails several times ?	block
28560	A blue character chops a block but fails several times .	what is the color of the character ?	blue
28569	The male stands up right and puts a blue plastic chair between his legs and starts spinning around his head .	what is the color of the chair ?	blue
28572	A electric machine is attached to the end of a ping pong table and is moving with the motion senses of a person 's hand .	what is moving with the motion senses of a person 's hand ?	machine
28573	After , several balls are then thrown towards the paddle and returned by the machine .	what are after , then thrown towards the paddle and returned by the machine ?	balls
28574	The person then walks across the table and begins hitting the balls faster and the machine speeds up to hit the ball .	the person then walks across the table and begins and what speeds up to hit the ball ?	machine
28578	He grabs a lemon and puts it in the glass to finish .	he grabs what and puts it in the glass to finish ?	lemon
28579	People are working out in a gym .	where are people working out . ?	gym
28581	A woman in a yellow tank top talks to the camera .	what is the color of the top ?	yellow
28582	A woman in a green tank top talks to the camera .	what is the color of the top ?	green
28583	Two girls are practicing dance moves in front of their television set in their living room .	how many girls are practicing dance moves in front of their television set in their living room ?	two
28584	One of the girls is wearing a red shirt and the other is wearing a dark blue shirt .	what is one of the girls wearing and the other is wearing a dark blue shirt ?	shirt
28584	One of the girls is wearing a red shirt and the other is wearing a dark blue shirt .	what is one of the girls wearing a red shirt and the other is wearing ?	shirt
28584	One of the girls is wearing a red shirt and the other is wearing a dark blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
28584	One of the girls is wearing a red shirt and the other is wearing a dark blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
28585	They are practicing ball room dancing .	what are they practicing ?	dancing
28589	Two boys walk down a sidewalk near a pool .	how many boys walk down the sidewalk near a pool ?	two
28598	A man is carving a pumpkin .	what is the man carving ?	pumpkin
28601	A dog is chewing on a blue ball .	what is chewing on the blue ball ?	dog
28601	A dog is chewing on a blue ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
28603	She uses a pole to vault over a bar .	what does she use ?	pole
28605	The woman in black uniform threw the javelin ball .	what did the woman in black uniform throw ?	ball
28605	The woman in black uniform threw the javelin ball .	what is the color of the uniform ?	black
28606	The small woman with yellow shirt and black sleeves threw the ball .	what did the small woman with yellow shirt and black sleeves throw ?	ball
28606	The small woman with yellow shirt and black sleeves threw the ball .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
28606	The small woman with yellow shirt and black sleeves threw the ball .	what is the color of the sleeves ?	black
28607	The woman in white shirt and black pants stretched for a bit then threw the ball .	the woman in white shirt and black pants stretched for a bit then threw what ?	ball
28609	We see two people under water in a pool .	how many people do we see under water in a pool ?	two
28610	The people exchange one flipper .	what do the people exchange ?	flipper
28610	The people exchange one flipper .	how many flipper do the people exchange ?	one
28613	The men change their air equipment .	what do the men change ?	equipment
28619	Some booth serve hot dogs to the people as they ice fish .	what serve hot dogs to the people as they ice fish ?	booth
28619	Some booth serve hot dogs to the people as they ice fish .	what do some booth serve to the people ?	dogs
28622	The fingers are pressing the black keys .	what are the fingers pressing ?	keys
28622	The fingers are pressing the black keys .	what is the color of the keys ?	black
28623	One finger is pressing one key .	what is one finger pressing ?	key
28623	One finger is pressing one key .	how many finger is pressing one key ?	one
28627	Two people are working out on exercise bikes .	how many people are working out on exercise bikes ?	two
28628	The one wearing a blue wig puts their hands in the air .	the one wearing what puts their hands in the air ?	wig
28628	The one wearing a blue wig puts their hands in the air .	what is the color of the wig ?	blue
28630	The exterior a store is seen from the parking lot .	what is the exterior seen from the parking lot ?	store
28636	men are on sides of a car polishing a blue car in a hand car wash .	what is the color of the car ?	blue
28636	men are on sides of a car polishing a blue car in a hand car wash .	where are men on sides of a car polishing a blue car . ?	wash
28637	blue car is inside a blue car wash and men are polishing it .	what is inside the blue car wash and men are polishing it ?	car
28637	blue car is inside a blue car wash and men are polishing it .	what is the color of the car ?	blue
28637	blue car is inside a blue car wash and men are polishing it .	what is the color of the wash ?	blue
28638	men are holding clothes on them hands cleaning the car .	what are men holding on them hands cleaning the car ?	clothes
28639	A person is vacuuming in a hallway .	where is the person vacuuming . ?	hallway
28642	The woman gives the boy the vacuum , and he vacuums the floors .	what does the woman give the boy the vacuum , and he vacuums ?	floors
28653	They race their horses , trying to get the ball .	what did they race , ?	horses
28656	One of them only has one arm and she surfs so well , its amazing .	how many arm does one of them only have ?	one
28657	They carry her over and then 4 girls stand while they get gifts for their performance and the one handed girl gets to talk about it .	they carry her over and then how many girls stand while they get gifts for their performance ?	four
28658	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
28659	A woman in a dark room plays the drums with his hand .	what does the woman in a dark room play with his hand ?	drums
28659	A woman in a dark room plays the drums with his hand .	where does the woman play the drums with his hand . ?	room
28662	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
28669	The boy stands at the bottom of a small staircase and then he walks up to slide down the blue slide .	what is the color of the slide ?	blue
28672	the man mix the paint and with a brush varnish all the shed .	what the paint and with a brush varnish all the shed ?	mix
28672	the man mix the paint and with a brush varnish all the shed .	what do the man mix and with a brush varnish all the shed ?	paint
28674	A treadmill is shown , then a woman , using the treadmill in the living room is shown , she is wearing blue top and black shorts .	what is shown , then the woman , using the treadmill in the living room is shown , she is wearing blue top and black shorts ?	treadmill
28677	A man and a dog walk in a training room .	where do the man and a dog walk . ?	room
28679	The dog stands to catch the Frisbee the leans on the man .	what stands to catch the frisbee the leans on the man ?	dog
28680	The dog jumps into the man 's arms .	what jumps into the man 's arms ?	dog
28681	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
28682	Two girls are outside in a yard .	how many girls are outside in the yard ?	two
28686	We see a Gelato store outside .	what do we see outside ?	store
28689	The lady puts gelato in a bowl .	where does the lady put gelato . ?	bowl
28690	The lady puts rice crispies on it .	what does the lady put on it ?	rice
28691	The lady puts a dome in a chocolate dome and puts a crispies circle on it .	the lady puts a dome in a chocolate dome and puts what on it ?	circle
28693	The lady sprays the domes .	what does the lady spray ?	domes
28694	The lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it .	the lady puts what on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it ?	dome
28694	The lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it .	the lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put what with holes on top of it ?	dome
28694	The lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it .	what is the color of the dome ?	red
28694	The lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it .	what is the color of the one ?	black
28696	We see the closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
28698	The person uses a fishing pole on the hole and attempts to pull out a fish .	the person uses fishing what on the hole and attempts to pull out a fish ?	pole
28706	The boy change clothes and continues playing the piano .	the boy change what and continues playing the piano ?	clothes
28707	A shaggy dog is getting a bath from a veterinarian .	what is getting the bath from a veterinarian ?	dog
28707	A shaggy dog is getting a bath from a veterinarian .	what is the shaggy dog getting from a veterinarian ?	bath
28708	The veterinarian is blow drying the dog after washing it .	the veterinarian is blow drying what after washing it ?	dog
28709	A different vet is petting and brushing the dog .	what is the different vet petting and brushing ?	dog
28713	She is peeling potatoes with the knife .	what is she peeling with the knife ?	potatoes
28714	The two boys mock fight with the toy candy , which is shaped like a hand with retractable fingers , and the camera speeds up when they do this .	the two boys mock fight with the toy candy , which is shaped like a hand with retractable fingers , and what speeds up when they do this ?	camera
28714	The two boys mock fight with the toy candy , which is shaped like a hand with retractable fingers , and the camera speeds up when they do this .	how many boys mock fight with the toy candy , which is shaped like a hand with retractable fingers ?	two
28715	The boys then switch toys and open the toy candy at which point they begin to eat the candy and talk while chewing .	the boys then switch what and open the toy candy at which point they begin to eat the candy and talk while chewing ?	toys
28715	The boys then switch toys and open the toy candy at which point they begin to eat the candy and talk while chewing .	the boys then switch toys and open what ?	candy
28718	The camera moves over to a little boy as he is talking to the camera person .	what moves over to the little boy as he is talking to the camera person ?	camera
28719	The camera person continues to narrate the situation as he records the fire .	what continues to narrate the situation as he records the fire ?	person
28721	They are scrubbing clothes and hanging them up while the camera pans around and watches .	what are they scrubbing and hanging them up while the camera pans around and watches ?	clothes
28724	There is another bull and they start fighting .	what is there and they start fighting ?	bull
28726	A man in a red shirt is talking into a microphone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
28727	A man is putting a black shirt on .	what is the man putting on ?	shirt
28727	A man is putting a black shirt on .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
28733	The person continues braiding the hair and the camera pans away from her face .	what does the person continue and pans away from her face ?	camera
28737	Another bull comes along , runs over a person and the person remains on the ground and a crowd of people come running over to him laying a blanket across his body .	what comes along , runs over a person and the person remains on the ground and a crowd of people come running over to him laying a blanket across his body ?	bull
28744	A man in a suit is playing a piano .	what is the man in a suit playing ?	piano
28747	A man in a black tank top describes cardio workout on a spin bike .	what is the color of the top ?	black
28748	The man in the black tank top mounts the spinning bike in intervals of 45 second cruise speed tension , the 15 seconds hard with tension up .	what does the man in the black tank top mount in intervals of 45 second cruise speed tension , the 15 seconds hard with tension up ?	bicycle
28748	The man in the black tank top mounts the spinning bike in intervals of 45 second cruise speed tension , the 15 seconds hard with tension up .	what is the color of the top ?	black
28750	An outdoor garden is seen and a man in tshirt stands in it holding a pair of sheers .	what is seen and the man in tshirt stands in it holding a pair of sheers ?	garden
28756	A painted construction paper piece sits on a table along with a suitcase of supplies .	what does construction sit on a table along with a suitcase of supplies ?	piece
28761	A ribbon is slid under the package and tied in a bow .	what is slid under the package and tied in a bow ?	ribbon
28761	A ribbon is slid under the package and tied in a bow .	where is the ribbon slid under the package and tied . ?	bow
28767	many guys in all black stands on a grassy area with music instruments and does a sync performance in front of other people sitting on the grass watching .	what is the color of the guys ?	black
28768	the guys play the drums and do movements back and forth as they play the drums that is connected to there body .	the guys play what and do movements back and forth as they play the drums that is connected to there body ?	drums
28770	Two people are seen standing next to one another speaking to the camera and leads into the two performing a dance routine with one another .	how many people are seen standing next to one another speaking to the camera and leads into the two performing a dance routine with one another ?	two
28772	A man in a white shirt is talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
28778	The middle section is done and the horse stands still while being cut down .	what is the middle section done and stands still while being cut down ?	horse
28780	A person plays an acoustic guitar while sitting on a beige sofa in jeans and a t-shirt .	what does the person play while sitting on a beige sofa in jeans and a t-shirt ?	guitar
28781	A room is shown with an acoustic guitar lying across a beige sofa and a stone art piece in front of the sofa with rocks in it .	what is shown with an acoustic guitar lying across a beige sofa and a stone art piece in front of the sofa with rocks in it ?	room
28788	A web address is displayed on the slide .	what is displayed on the slide ?	address
28794	two women are standing on a gym arm wrestling .	how many women are standing on the gym arm wrestling ?	two
28795	in te background people are standingin the gym doing exercise .	what are in te background people standingin ?	gym
28798	The screen switches to the man explaining his art .	what switches to the man explaining his art ?	screen
28802	He discusses his painting technique .	what does he discuss ?	technique
28805	He adds more paint to the brush .	what does he add to the brush ?	paint
28808	He adds white paint to the brush .	what does he add to the brush ?	paint
28808	He adds white paint to the brush .	what is the color of the paint ?	white
28811	We see the title card .	what do we see ?	card
28813	The man then begins to play the one guitar that is on his lap with his fingers and finishes the song .	the man then begins to play how many guitar that is on his lap with his fingers and finishes the song ?	one
28815	Then , the woman paints flowers on the headboard of a bed .	what did then , the woman paint on the headboard of a bed ?	flowers
28822	The person takes a black part and adds it .	what is the color of the part ?	black
28823	The person adds a smaller black part and fastens it .	what is the color of the part ?	black
28825	Two kids are outside playing together at a playground .	how many kids are outside playing together at the playground ?	two
28826	One boy jumps off and walks to the other side as the other one begins to do the monkey bars .	how many boy jumps off and walks to the other side as the other one begins to do the monkey bars ?	one
28828	People are driving in a car down the street .	where are people driving . ?	car
28833	He ties up the calf while others ride in on horses to help .	what does he tie up ?	calf
28841	A man holds a white fag up while the athlete celebrates and his jump and people 's reactions in the audience are shown again .	what is the color of the fag ?	white
28842	A man in a little kayak type of of boat is paddling the boat .	what is the man in a little kayak type of of boat paddling ?	boat
28843	He is sitting by himself in it because it 's so small it only fits one person really .	he is sitting by himself in it because it 's so small it only fits how many person really ?	one
28853	He sticks one leg up to the side .	how many leg does he stick up to the side ?	one
28871	A bike is seen upside down in a shop .	what is seen upside down in the shop ?	bicycle
28871	A bike is seen upside down in a shop .	where is the bike seen . ?	shop
28877	A group of girls on a rope jumping team do a routine in a large music hall .	where is the group of girls on a rope jumping team do a routine . ?	hall
28878	A group of girls jump rope individually .	what do the group of girls jump individually ?	rope
28879	Three girls jump rope with two holding a single rope on each end .	what do three girls jump with two ?	rope
28879	Three girls jump rope with two holding a single rope on each end .	how many girls jump rope with two holding a single rope on each end ?	three
28880	Three girls jump together inside of a single rope .	how many girls jump together inside of the single rope ?	three
28881	A group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope .	the group of girls hold what and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope ?	ropes
28881	A group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope .	the group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump what ?	rope
28881	A group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope .	the group of girls hold how many ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope ?	two
28884	A bicycle elliptical machine is sitting in living room by a couch .	what is sitting in living room by a couch ?	machine
28885	A dog appears on the couch and suddenly a person sits on the machine and turns it on .	what appears on the couch and suddenly a person sits on the machine and turns it on ?	dog
28887	The man in black shirt added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side , then continue weight lifting .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
28887	The man in black shirt added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side , then continue weight lifting .	what is the color of the plates ?	yellow
28892	Business details are written in white text on a black background .	what is the color of the text ?	white
28892	Business details are written in white text on a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
28893	Men wearing jackets pressure wash a white car in a parking lot .	what is the color of the car ?	white
28894	Two men wash a black SUV with a pressure washing hose .	what do two men wash with a pressure washing hose ?	suv
28894	Two men wash a black SUV with a pressure washing hose .	how many men wash the black suv with a pressure washing hose ?	two
28894	Two men wash a black SUV with a pressure washing hose .	what is the color of the suv ?	black
28895	Men wash a white car using hand towels .	what do men wash using hand towels ?	car
28895	Men wash a white car using hand towels .	men wash a white car using what ?	towels
28895	Men wash a white car using hand towels .	what is the color of the car ?	white
28900	The boat tips over at one point when another boat comes by and falls over as well .	what over at one point when another boat comes by and falls over as well ?	tips
28902	she looks his back paws and gave her cat some cat food .	she looks what and gave her cat some cat food ?	paws
28902	she looks his back paws and gave her cat some cat food .	she looks his back paws and gave her cat what ?	food
28903	the girl congratlate the cat and put him on the floor .	the girl congratlate what and put him on the floor ?	cat
28906	man is welding a metal machine in a room .	where is man welding a metal machine . ?	room
28909	People are playing rock paper scissors on the beach .	what are people playing on the beach ?	scissors
28910	A man in a black shirt is standing on the beach .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
28918	A woman is in a kitchen , stirring food in a pot .	where is the woman , stirring food in a pot . ?	kitchen
28925	He said he paid his dog 10 dollars to cut the grass and now he 's gone .	he said he paid his dog how many dollars to cut the grass ?	ten
28926	He finally finds the dog who is driving the riding lawn mower .	what does he finally find ?	dog
28927	According to the owner , the dog is asking for a raise .	what is according to the owner , asking for a raise ?	dog
28929	Two kids are seen holding poles with another man and playing a game of shuffle board on a mat .	how many kids are seen holding poles with another man and playing a game of shuffle board on a mat ?	two
28931	A camera pans around a building as well as people inside posing for pictures and putting fencing gear on .	what pans around the building as well as people inside posing for pictures and putting fencing gear on ?	camera
28932	More clips are shown of fencing objects , people watching on the sides , and others getting ready to fence .	what are shown of fencing objects , people watching on the sides , and others getting ready to fence ?	clips
28933	Several clips are then shown of two people fencing each other with a woman reffing on the sides and people watching on the sides .	what are then shown of two people fencing each other with a woman reffing on the sides and people watching on the sides ?	clips
28945	An older woman throws a white ball towards a green cup .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
28945	An older woman throws a white ball towards a green cup .	what is the color of the cup ?	green
28946	A young boy gives her back the ball .	what does the young boy give her back ?	ball
28947	The woman throws the ball again .	what does the woman throw again ?	ball
28949	She again throws the white ball .	what does she again throw ?	ball
28949	She again throws the white ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
28954	The rafters maneuver through a concrete structure .	what maneuver through the concrete structure ?	rafters
28957	A light blue screen appears and it has multiple blue words that are not in English and they 're scrolling from bottom to top .	what appears and it has multiple blue words that are not in english and they 're scrolling from bottom to top ?	screen
28957	A light blue screen appears and it has multiple blue words that are not in English and they 're scrolling from bottom to top .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
28957	A light blue screen appears and it has multiple blue words that are not in English and they 're scrolling from bottom to top .	what is the color of the words ?	blue
28960	There is a woman standing in a purple shirt , filming the coach teach the kids .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
28961	Both the girl and the boy are taking turns in returning the punches and kicks to the coach .	both the girl and the boy are taking what in returning the punches and kicks to the coach ?	turns
28964	The kids kick their feet around and show one instructor helping a child .	the kids kick their feet around and show how many instructor helping a child ?	one
28966	A little boy is pushing a mop .	what is the little boy pushing ?	mop
28967	He closes an oven door that is open .	what does he close ?	door
28969	He picks the mop up and puts it in the air .	he picks what up and puts it in the air ?	mop
28975	He shows off his bike as well as camera and leads into several clips of him riding around .	he shows off what as well as camera and leads into several clips of him riding around ?	bicycle
28975	He shows off his bike as well as camera and leads into several clips of him riding around .	he shows off his bike as well as what and leads into several clips of him riding around ?	camera
28978	The boy continues drumming with the group and the camera pans around to people watching on the sides .	what does the boy continue and pans around to people watching on the sides ?	camera
28984	He jumps off his horse and ties the calf .	he jumps off what and ties the calf ?	horse
28984	He jumps off his horse and ties the calf .	he jumps off his horse and ties what ?	calf
28988	Three kids are seen standing out in front of a house when one plays hop scotch to a person coming in frame .	how many kids are seen standing out in front of a house when one plays hop scotch to a person coming in frame ?	three
28989	The camera follows the same girl hopping down a long path and continuing her way back to where she started .	what follows the same girl hopping down a long path and continuing her way back to where she started ?	camera
28990	A young man is sitting in his room .	where is the young man sitting . ?	room
28993	The man quickly only hits the small bongos and then moves onto the big bongos going from his right to his left .	the man quickly only hits what and then moves onto the big bongos going from his right to his left ?	bongos
28994	On the return back going from his left to his right , he hits only the large bongos first , then hits the smaller bongos .	what is on the return back going from his left to his right , he hits first , then hits the smaller bongos ?	bongos
28994	On the return back going from his left to his right , he hits only the large bongos first , then hits the smaller bongos .	what is on the return back going from his left to his right , he hits only the large bongos first , then hits ?	bongos
28997	A woman in bed is laughing as she falls onto her own bed , still smoking .	where is the woman laughing as she falls onto her own bed , still smoking . ?	bed
28999	A man in a blue coat is talking outside by a rock .	what is the color of the coat ?	blue
29000	He is wearing a rock climbing harness .	what is he wearing climbing harness ?	rock
29004	Two people are seen riding down a hill with one on skis and the other on a sled .	how many people are seen riding down the hill with one on skis and the other on a sled ?	two
29011	The man playing accordion breaks his instrument in half .	what breaks his instrument in half ?	accordion
29011	The man playing accordion breaks his instrument in half .	what does the man playing accordion break in half ?	instrument
29013	A little boy is standing at the parking lot , he is not wearing a shirt , he talked to the camera .	what is the little boy standing at the parking lot , he is not wearing , he talked to the camera ?	shirt
29025	The man 's razor is covered with shaving cream so he rinses the razor with water .	what is covered with shaving cream so he rinses the razor with water ?	razor
29037	Four aces are shown face up on the table .	how many aces are shown face up on the table ?	four
29038	A man sits at a table and plays blackjack .	the man sits at a table and plays what ?	blackjack
29044	Two army men in the their uniforms are tied together and pulling each other in opposite direction as part of their training .	how many army men in the their uniforms are tied together and pulling each other in opposite direction as part of their training ?	two
29047	The man in blue shirt is strumming the drum in front of him .	what is the man in blue shirt strumming in front of him ?	drum
29047	The man in blue shirt is strumming the drum in front of him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
29048	The young man strum the drum in front of him then the next drum .	what do the young man strum the drum in front of him then ?	drum
29049	The young man strum the drums in front of him .	what do the young man strum in front of him ?	drums
29054	A man in a red shirt holds onto a disc and skates down the ice .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
29062	Three girls exercise inside a house .	how many girls exercise inside the house ?	three
29066	Two dogs are walking on the sidewalk attached by a rope .	what are walking on the sidewalk attached by a rope ?	dogs
29066	Two dogs are walking on the sidewalk attached by a rope .	how many dogs are walking on the sidewalk attached by a rope ?	two
29067	Two people are walking on the sidewalk next to them .	how many people are walking on the sidewalk next to them ?	two
29068	One of the people is carrying a water bottle .	what is one of the people carrying ?	bottle
29070	A car is shown going through a commercial wash .	what is shown going through the commercial wash ?	car
29080	We see the ending screen with Ellen on it .	what do we see with ellen on it ?	screen
29085	A person is blowing leaves with a leaf blower .	what is the person blowing with a leaf blower ?	leaves
29090	Two young girls are seen kneeling before a tub while speaking to the camera .	how many young girls are seen kneeling before the tub while speaking to the camera ?	two
29091	The girls hold up a product and measure it out followed by putting it into their mouths and swishing it around .	the girls hold up what and measure it out followed by putting it into their mouths and swishing it around ?	product
29093	A young man solves a cube puzzle while a man stand on front him .	what does the young man solve ?	puzzle
29096	After the young man solves again two times the puzzle in less time .	how many times does after the young man solve the puzzle in less time ?	two
29098	A young girl is sitting in a chair , awaiting nervously .	where is the young girl sitting , awaiting nervously . ?	chair
29104	A child is seen turning on a faucet and begins washes dishes in a sink .	the child is seen and begins what in a sink ?	dishes
29106	cherleader team wearing purple uniforms are doing a choreography on the middle of a wooden court .	cherleader team wearing what are doing a choreography on the middle of a wooden court ?	uniforms
29106	cherleader team wearing purple uniforms are doing a choreography on the middle of a wooden court .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	purple
29118	Two men are next to the table wearing blue shirts and welding helmets .	how many men are next to the table wearing blue shirts and welding helmets ?	two
29119	The man is holding a welding machine and working on a metal that causes sparks , next to him is another man watching closely on the metal .	what is the man holding welding and working on a metal that causes sparks , next to him is another man watching closely on the metal ?	machine
29124	She jumps off the bar and lands on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
29125	A person 's car is shown from several angles with a person inside and leads into the car driving with people inside .	what is shown from several angles with a person inside and leads into the car driving with people inside ?	car
29133	Various clips are shown of people playing lacrosse followed by a man holding the stick and speaking to the camera .	what are shown of people playing lacrosse followed by a man holding the stick and speaking to the camera ?	clips
29134	He moves the stick all around demonstrating how to properly play .	what does he move all around demonstrating how to properly play ?	stick
29135	A little girl kicks a big pink ball to her mother , who catches it and kicks it back .	what does the little girl kick to her mother , who catches it and kicks it back ?	ball
29138	A female gymnast jumps onto a balance beam and do many tricks and flips and lands back on her feet .	the female gymnast jumps onto a balance beam and do many tricks and flips and what back on her feet ?	lands
29139	the gymnast does two nice back flips back to back while keeping her balance and landing prefect on her feet .	the gymnast does how many nice back flips back to back while keeping her balance and landing prefect on her feet ?	two
29142	Women are holding a ball and spinning around before throwing it onto the field .	what are women holding and spinning around before throwing it onto the field ?	ball
29143	A man in a red shirt is holding a broom .	what is the man in a red shirt holding ?	broom
29143	A man in a red shirt is holding a broom .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
29145	Several images of a bald man bowling are shown and then he appears and throws a curve ball .	what are several images of a bald man bowling shown and then he appears and throws ?	ball
29150	The big dog then leads the little dog around on a leash .	what then leads the little dog around on a leash ?	dog
29150	The big dog then leads the little dog around on a leash .	what does the big dog then lead around on a leash ?	dog
29152	A screen pops up with several websites and social media addresses .	what pops up with several websites and social media addresses ?	screen
29156	There are screen text that mentions how the hair looks six hours later .	there are screen text that mentions how the hair looks how many hours later ?	six
29158	A waterfall appears on screen next to a river with the title `` H20 Adventures Savegre River '' overlaid .	what appears on screen next to a river with the title `` h20 adventures savegre river '' overlaid ?	waterfall
29159	A group of people walk across a red suspension walking bridge above the river .	what is the color of the suspension ?	red
29164	The screen goes completely black after the credits end .	what goes completely black after the credits end ?	screen
29166	They lob the ball back and forth over the net .	what do they lob back and forth over the net ?	ball
29167	They hit the ball back to each other .	what did they hit back to each other ?	ball
29168	Two men alternatively dance on the street while pedestrian and road traffic pass by .	how many men alternatively dance on the street while pedestrian and road traffic pass by ?	two
29169	Two women stop to watch the dancers .	how many women stop to watch the dancers ?	two
29179	The trees are shown above the water .	what are shown above the water ?	trees
29183	A woman push a stroller in the street .	where do the woman push a stroller . ?	street
29185	The children gets off the bumper cars and walk to the exit .	the children gets off what and walk to the exit ?	cars
29187	Then , two men brush the floor on front the heavy ball without touching it .	what does then , two men brush the floor on front without touching it ?	ball
29187	Then , two men brush the floor on front the heavy ball without touching it .	how many men does then , brush the floor on front the heavy ball without touching it ?	two
29189	The yellow ball reaches the center of the red circle .	what reaches the center of the red circle ?	ball
29189	The yellow ball reaches the center of the red circle .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
29189	The yellow ball reaches the center of the red circle .	what is the color of the circle ?	red
29190	A man is wearing a red hat and sunglasses .	what is the color of the hat ?	red
29192	He makes a bulls eye on the dart board .	what does he make on the dart board ?	eye
29197	The timer continues as he solves the cube .	what continues as he solves the cube ?	timer
29198	two men are standing in a sailing boat in sea .	how many men are standing in the sailing boat in sea ?	two
29199	man is standing in a dock wearing a red bull shirt and then is in the saillboat .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
29200	dolphins are swimming next to the boat .	what are swimming next to the boat ?	dolphins
29205	The fish flops around and the man grabs the fish and holds him up .	what flops around and the man grabs the fish and holds him up ?	fish
29205	The fish flops around and the man grabs the fish and holds him up .	what does the fish flop around and the man grabs and holds him up ?	fish
29209	The man hits the doll and bounces a ball around the room knocking all the food off the table and making a mess .	the man hits the doll and bounces what around the room knocking all the food off the table and making a mess ?	ball
29210	The people laugh and the man cleans up and creates a whirlpool in the well which breaks and he ball smashes walls .	the people laugh and the man cleans up and creates a whirlpool in the well which breaks and he what ?	walls
29213	A group of people are on rafts , white water rafting through rocky waters .	what is the color of the water ?	white
29223	As he continues , he grabs a beanie and puts it on his hand to make him turn easier .	, he grabs what and puts it on his hand to make him turn easier ?	beanie
29226	We see a dog , and a man with a selfie stick carrying a snowboard .	what do we see , and a man with a selfie stick carrying a snowboard ?	dog
29227	The man is snowboarding and holding the selfie stick .	what is the man snowboarding and holding ?	stick
29228	The man is playing with the dog , and we see the dog close up .	what is the man playing with the dog , and we see close up ?	dog
29233	We see the Gopro screen .	what do we see ?	screen
29235	Eventually two men chug a beer followed down a line of more men drinking their beer .	how many men do eventually chug the beer followed down a line of more men drinking their beer ?	two
29236	The men finish their beers and laugh and applaud one another while many watch on the sides .	the men finish what and laugh and applaud one another while many watch on the sides ?	beers
29237	Several individuals are in the water playing a game and the man throws an orange ball to a person .	what are several individuals in the water playing a game and the man throws to a person ?	ball
29237	Several individuals are in the water playing a game and the man throws an orange ball to a person .	what is the color of the ball ?	orange
29243	A man pulls the fitness equipment from under a desk .	what does the man pull from under a desk ?	equipment
29245	A screenshot of a woman wearing a blue jumpsuit is standing in a pose holding two batons and white words on the middle of the screen say `` 2 Baton Nicole '' .	what is the color of the jumpsuit ?	blue
29245	A screenshot of a woman wearing a blue jumpsuit is standing in a pose holding two batons and white words on the middle of the screen say `` 2 Baton Nicole '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
29246	Almost to the end of her routine the woman drops the baton twice , picks them up and continues to do her routine until the end .	almost to the end of her routine the woman drops what twice , picks them up and continues to do her routine until the end ?	baton
29249	A person carves a pumpkin .	what does the person carve ?	pumpkin
29251	Children hold pumpkins with smiles on their faces .	what do children hold with smiles on their faces ?	pumpkins
29254	Two people sit with papers in front of them .	how many people sit with papers in front of them ?	two
29256	The man picks up silverware soaking in sink and washes them off .	the man picks up what soaking in sink and washes them off ?	silverware
29258	The man washes a coffee press gadget .	what does the man wash ?	gadget
29259	The man turns off the water and drains the sink .	the man turns off the water and drains what ?	sink
29263	A grooming room is shown and three people are washing different dogs .	what is shown and three people are washing different dogs ?	room
29263	A grooming room is shown and three people are washing different dogs .	what is the grooming room shown and three people are washing ?	dogs
29263	A grooming room is shown and three people are washing different dogs .	how many people are washing different dogs ?	three
29264	Other rooms are shown and the dogs continue being groomed and laying down on the ground waiting for their turn .	what are shown and the dogs continue being groomed and laying down on the ground waiting for their turn ?	rooms
29264	Other rooms are shown and the dogs continue being groomed and laying down on the ground waiting for their turn .	what are other rooms shown and continue being groomed and laying down on the ground waiting for their turn ?	dogs
29266	People are paddling oars in a blue raft .	what is the color of the raft ?	blue
29266	People are paddling oars in a blue raft .	where are people paddling oars . ?	raft
29270	He is getting a haircut from a hairdresser who is wearing a blue dress .	what is the color of the dress ?	blue
29281	He holds up the shoes as well as cleaning products and begins using them on the shoes .	he holds up the shoes as well as cleaning what and begins using them on the shoes ?	products
29283	man is sitting in font of a table talking about how to clean a white sneaker .	what is the color of the sneaker ?	white
29284	man pour a liquid on water and cleans the shoe with a brush and with a wipe polish it .	man pour a liquid on water and cleans what with a brush and with a wipe polish it ?	shoe
29285	Girls are shown one at a time , using pvc pipes to vault in an indoor gym onto a mat .	where are girls shown one at a time , using pvc pipes to vault . ?	gym
29288	The man is then shown throwing three different javelins in competition , interspersed with words on the screen .	how many different javelins is the man then shown throwing in competition , interspersed with words on the screen ?	three
29290	Before he plays , he begins to talk and make movements across three black keys with his right hand as he continues to talk .	what is the color of the keys ?	black
29294	Athletes are boarding white buses .	what are athletes boarding ?	buses
29294	Athletes are boarding white buses .	what is the color of the buses ?	white
29295	The buses move down the road .	what move down the road ?	buses
29296	A person stacks tee shirts .	what does the person stack ?	shirts
29303	The man kicks a ball around while the camera follows him from behind .	what does the man kick around ?	ball
29306	An Asian man wearing glasses , a green shirt with yellow stripes is sitting down talking in a room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
29306	An Asian man wearing glasses , a green shirt with yellow stripes is sitting down talking in a room .	what is the color of the stripes ?	yellow
29306	An Asian man wearing glasses , a green shirt with yellow stripes is sitting down talking in a room .	where is an asian man wearing glasses , a green shirt with yellow stripes is sitting down talking . ?	room
29307	Still shot pictures of a book appear , and the man appears talking again , and then more black text on a white screen shows up .	what is the color of the text ?	black
29307	Still shot pictures of a book appear , and the man appears talking again , and then more black text on a white screen shows up .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
29319	The camera shows various angles of the boat moving along the water as well as close ups on the people on board .	what shows various angles of the boat moving along the water as well as close ups on the people on board ?	camera
29322	We see a happy young man fanning his shirt .	we see a happy young man fanning what ?	shirt
29323	Apply the tiles in the same exact direction .	apply what in the same exact direction ?	tiles
29324	The tile must be installed over the adhesive .	what must be installed over the adhesive ?	tile
29327	A person shows bacon on a dish , then puts mayonnaise on two pieces of bread .	the person shows what on a dish , then puts mayonnaise on two pieces of bread ?	bacon
29327	A person shows bacon on a dish , then puts mayonnaise on two pieces of bread .	the person shows bacon on a dish , then puts what on two pieces of bread ?	mayonnaise
29328	Then , the person puts bacon on a bread and lettuce and tomato on the other bread , then spread peeper and form the sandwich .	then , , then spread peeper and form what ?	sandwich
29330	A man uses a tool to even plaster on a wall .	what does the man use to even plaster on a wall ?	tool
29334	The boat is pulling a tube with a man behind it .	what is pulling the tube with a man behind it ?	boat
29334	The boat is pulling a tube with a man behind it .	what is the boat pulling with a man behind it ?	tube
29336	The boat is pulling the same tube with several young people on it .	what is pulling the same tube with several young people on it ?	boat
29336	The boat is pulling the same tube with several young people on it .	what is the boat pulling with several young people on it ?	tube
29338	A jet ski passes by the boat then we see the passengers .	what passes by the boat then we see the passengers ?	ski
29339	A man holding a red cape is standing in front of a bull .	the man holding what is standing in front of a bull ?	cape
29339	A man holding a red cape is standing in front of a bull .	what is the color of the cape ?	red
29340	The bull hits him and knocks him to the ground .	what hits him and knocks him to the ground ?	bull
29344	The barber grabs a razor and slowly shaves the head of the man .	the barber grabs what and slowly shaves the head of the man ?	razor
29350	The camera shows his foot using a pedal to play the drums .	what shows his foot using a pedal to play the drums ?	camera
29355	Three athletes perform hammer throws at a professional sports event in front of an audience in bleachers and score keepers .	how many athletes perform hammer throws at a professional sports event in front of an audience in bleachers and score keepers ?	three
29357	Two more athletes perform the same sport in the same way both letting the hammer fly in the air .	how many more athletes perform the same sport in the same way both letting the hammer fly in the air ?	two
29365	She adds three different liquids from three bottles to the glass .	how many different liquids does she add from three bottles to the glass ?	three
29369	A man holds a white thing and touches it over and over .	what is the color of the thing ?	white
29374	The man then puts a helmet on and attached the stick to a holder , leading into the man creating a spark and cutting an object .	the man then puts what on and attached the stick to a holder , ?	helmet
29376	A man is mowing his lawn , he has chickens in his coop .	where is the man mowing his lawn , he has chickens . ?	coop
29381	The cowboy jumps off the horse and runs after the cow .	the cowboy jumps off what and runs after the cow ?	horse
29382	The cowboy ties the cow up .	what does the cowboy tie up ?	cow
29386	People are working out in a room .	where are people working out . ?	room
29396	A man in a white shirt is standing next to a swimming pool .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
29397	A man is holding a camera filming him go up the stairs .	what is the man holding ?	camera
29402	Two men are sitting at a picnic table getting ready to arm wrestle .	how many men are sitting at the picnic table getting ready to arm wrestle ?	two
29405	Two men continue talking to the camera and eventually begin arm wrestling again .	how many men continue talking to the camera and eventually begin arm wrestling again ?	two
29410	The guy whips with a white paper towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
29414	The faucet showing is then a hand attached the hose and tighten the hose .	what is then the hand attached the hose and tighten the hose ?	showing
29414	The faucet showing is then a hand attached the hose and tighten the hose .	the faucet showing is then a hand attached the hose and tighten what ?	hose
29416	The woman is washing the dog with the hose in the bathtub .	what is the woman washing with the hose in the bathtub ?	dog
29417	A camera pans all around a fence while text is being shown across .	what pans all around a fence while text is being shown across ?	camera
29419	In the end more clips are shown of the fence .	what are in the end shown of the fence ?	clips
29430	A teen boy is standing in a kitchen , holding a pitcher and talking .	where is the teen boy standing , holding a pitcher and talking . ?	kitchen
29442	The man presents each separate ingredient and holds them up showing each one .	the man presents what and holds them up showing each one ?	ingredient
29445	Ingredients sit next to the stove top and are being used to prepare the food .	what sit next to the stove top and are being used to prepare the food ?	ingredients
29450	A woman talks in an office .	where does the woman talk . ?	office
29459	A lady in a suit talks in a white room .	what is the color of the room ?	white
29459	A lady in a suit talks in a white room .	where does the lady in a suit talk . ?	room
29461	We see the car being rinsed with a pressure washer and the wheel is wiped .	what do we see being rinsed with a pressure washer and the wheel is wiped ?	car
29461	We see the car being rinsed with a pressure washer and the wheel is wiped .	what do we see the car being rinsed with a pressure washer and is wiped ?	wheel
29462	the emblem appears on the screen as suds slip down a car .	what appears on the screen as suds slip down a car ?	emblem
29465	The next screen comes around with a large hot air balloon and animated cars .	what comes around with the large hot air balloon and animated cars ?	screen
29466	A blurry object is shown and white text shows up that reads `` Fun Shoe Shine '' .	what is the color of the text ?	white
29468	A pair of shiny black boots are standing and their black shoelaces are tied and the text `` After '' appears on the front left area of the boot .	what is the color of the boots ?	black
29468	A pair of shiny black boots are standing and their black shoelaces are tied and the text `` After '' appears on the front left area of the boot .	what is the color of the shoelaces ?	black
29474	A person is riding a bike down a dirt track .	what is the person riding down a dirt track ?	bicycle
29475	A little boy wearing red is riding a small bike down the track .	what is the little boy wearing red is riding down the track ?	bicycle
29477	Food sizzling in hot oil in a black skillet on the stove , a long stemmed spoon sits in the skillet .	what is the color of the skillet ?	black
29477	Food sizzling in hot oil in a black skillet on the stove , a long stemmed spoon sits in the skillet .	where does food sizzling in hot oil in a black skillet on the stove , a long stemmed spoon sit . ?	skillet
29478	Onions are added to the skillet .	what are added to the skillet ?	onions
29479	the skillet is stirred and the spoon removed .	what is stirred and the spoon removed ?	skillet
29479	the skillet is stirred and the spoon removed .	what is the skillet stirred and removed ?	spoon
29481	The skillet gently sizzles as the mix cooks .	what gently sizzles as the mix cooks ?	skillet
29483	The flame is visible as the skillet sizzles more vigorously , the skillet is stirred and the food is browning .	what is the flame visible , is stirred and the food is browning ?	skillet
29484	4 eggs are broken into the skillet .	what are broken into the skillet ?	eggs
29484	4 eggs are broken into the skillet .	how many eggs are broken into the skillet ?	four
29488	It is now plated and fresh herbs are sprinkled on top .	what is it now plated and are sprinkled on top ?	herbs
29496	A baby is sitting in a high chair .	where is the baby sitting . ?	chair
29503	A little girl wearing a brown bow is standing in front of the sink brushing her teeth .	the little girl wearing what is standing in front of the sink brushing her teeth ?	bow
29503	A little girl wearing a brown bow is standing in front of the sink brushing her teeth .	what is the color of the bow ?	brown
29505	Finally , she puts the brush down , rinses her mouth and dries it with a brown towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	brown
29509	She pins up her and puts put a headband in her hair .	she pins up her and puts put what in her hair ?	headband
29510	She then puts in more fake hair as well as doing her makeup .	she then puts in more fake hair as well as doing what ?	makeup
29513	The camera pans around to the various people sitting in the tubes .	what pans around to the various people sitting in the tubes ?	camera
29515	A woman in a red workout shirt is talking about the benefits of an elliptical cross trainer .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
29524	She stands up and grabs her purse , continuing to talk and laugh as she leaves .	she stands up and grabs what , ?	purse
29528	Woman throws a throwing knife at board .	what does woman throw at board ?	knife
29529	Three men throw knives .	what do three men throw ?	knives
29529	Three men throw knives .	how many men throw knives ?	three
29530	Knives hit a board .	what hit the board ?	knives
29531	Two men throw throwing knives backwards .	how many men throw throwing knives backwards ?	two
29535	Man throws knife while laying down .	what does man throw while laying down ?	knife
29542	A young woman is standing behind a counter with a black skillet on it .	what is the color of the skillet ?	black
29543	In her hands , she is holding two onions then the video rapidly shows her with a tomato , rutabaga and a bag of Cathedral City mature cheddar .	what is in her hands , she holding then the video rapidly shows her with a tomato , rutabaga and a bag of cathedral city mature cheddar ?	onions
29543	In her hands , she is holding two onions then the video rapidly shows her with a tomato , rutabaga and a bag of Cathedral City mature cheddar .	how many onions is she holding ?	two
29544	Next , she begins cutting each of the ingredients and adds butter to a skillet .	next , she begins and adds what to a skillet ?	butter
29545	After it is fried for five minutes , the mushrooms go in the pot and three eggs are cracked .	what do , go in the pot and three eggs are cracked ?	mushrooms
29547	After sometime , an omelette is created and put on a plate along with two slices of toast .	what is after sometime , created and put on a plate along with two slices of toast ?	omelette
29550	The two boys stare at the pile while it burns .	how many boys stare at the pile while it burns ?	two
29558	Two women are seen on stage dancing .	how many women are seen on stage dancing ?	two
29559	One of the women shows her talent balancing swords on her different parts of her body .	what does one of the women show balancing on her different parts of her body ?	swords
29562	They then put lotion all over their legs and begins shaving their legs and holding the ball laughing in the end .	they then put what all over their legs and begins shaving their legs and holding the ball laughing in the end ?	lotion
29568	The man is sitting on the ground and he is using a brown towel to polish the man 's shoes .	what is the man sitting on the ground and he is using ?	towel
29568	The man is sitting on the ground and he is using a brown towel to polish the man 's shoes .	what is the color of the towel ?	brown
29570	Two very tall men in tuxedos are dancing outside of a store .	how many very tall men in tuxedos are dancing outside of a store ?	two
29575	He is covering his face in a white liquid substance .	what is the color of the substance ?	white
29577	A woman is kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
29578	She grabs a while bar and holds it next to her .	she grabs what and holds it next to her ?	bar
29579	She puts the bar down and picks up a kettle bell .	she puts what down and picks up a kettle bell ?	bar
29579	She puts the bar down and picks up a kettle bell .	she puts the bar down and picks up what ?	bell
29580	She lifts the kettle bell and puts it back down .	she lifts what and puts it back down ?	bell
29583	The camera shows the ingredients that go into cooking pasta .	what shows the ingredients that go into cooking pasta ?	camera
29583	The camera shows the ingredients that go into cooking pasta .	what does the camera show ?	ingredients
29584	The woman drops salt in a pot of water and turns the burners on .	the woman drops salt in a pot of water and turns what on ?	burners
29585	Once , boiling , she adds the pasta in the pot .	where is once , boiling , she adds the pasta . ?	pot
29586	She stirs the pasta , and then empties the pot in a colander once the pasta is al dente .	she stirs what , and then empties the pot in a colander once the pasta is al dente ?	pasta
29586	She stirs the pasta , and then empties the pot in a colander once the pasta is al dente .	she stirs the pasta , and then empties what in a colander once the pasta is al dente ?	pot
29587	She returns the pasta to the pot and adds olive oil .	she returns what to the pot and adds olive oil ?	pasta
29588	Two newscasters talk to each other from behind a newscast table .	how many newscasters talk to each other from behind a newscast table ?	two
29589	The clip switches to display a series of video clips of different children playing dodgeball in gymnasiums and being hit by the dodgeball .	what switches to display the series of video clips of different children playing dodgeball in gymnasiums and being hit by the dodgeball ?	clip
29592	A young woman is shown exercising on a black elliptical .	what is the color of the elliptical ?	black
29596	He then holds up a razor and begins shaving his face while old shots of movies are shown .	he then holds up what and begins shaving his face while old shots of movies are shown ?	razor
29598	A patient sitting in a hospital chair in a hospital room gets her nails done by a manicurist who is wearing a green blouse .	what is the color of the blouse ?	green
29606	A middle aged man is shoveling snow on a sidewalk while a medium sized brown dog chases the shovel .	what is the color of the dog ?	brown
29608	At the end of the sidewalk near a driveway a young woman in a black snowsuit lying on her stomach sees the dog chasing the shovel and laughs .	what is at the end of the sidewalk near a driveway a young woman in a black snowsuit lying on her stomach sees chasing the shovel and laughs ?	dog
29608	At the end of the sidewalk near a driveway a young woman in a black snowsuit lying on her stomach sees the dog chasing the shovel and laughs .	at the end of the sidewalk near a driveway a young woman in a black snowsuit lying on her stomach sees the dog chasing what and laughs ?	shovel
29608	At the end of the sidewalk near a driveway a young woman in a black snowsuit lying on her stomach sees the dog chasing the shovel and laughs .	what is the color of the snowsuit ?	black
29609	The man now turns and runs down the sidewalk shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him .	the man now turns and runs down what shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him ?	sidewalk
29609	The man now turns and runs down the sidewalk shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him .	the man now turns and runs down the sidewalk shoveling the snow again and what runs along with him ?	dog
29610	The man does not turn around and shovel the sidewalk again , but carries the snow in the shovel and walks away from the dog .	the man does not turn around and shovel what again , but carries the snow in the shovel and walks away from the dog ?	sidewalk
29611	The dog trails behind as if tired .	what trails behind as if tired ?	dog
29616	little kid is talking to the camera and is in a table wearnig a red uniform putting contact lenses on her eyes .	little kid is talking to the camera and is in a table wearnig what ?	uniform
29616	little kid is talking to the camera and is in a table wearnig a red uniform putting contact lenses on her eyes .	what is the color of the uniform ?	red
29617	man is holding a red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball .	man is holding what and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball ?	ball
29617	man is holding a red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball .	man is holding a red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw what ?	ball
29617	man is holding a red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
29618	people are playing dodgeball in a roofedwooden gym .	where are people playing dodgeball . ?	gym
29621	When the girl is finished performing , she grabs a beanie , holds it up and then starts to ask for money from the crowd of people who was watching her .	, she grabs what , holds it up and then starts to ask for money from the crowd of people who was watching her ?	beanie
29622	A woman in an orange shirt is drinking a glass of beer .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
29623	The beer is pouring down the front of her shirt .	what is pouring down the front of her shirt ?	beer
29625	She finishes the drink and sets it down .	she finishes what and sets it down ?	drink
29627	A woman exhibit granola bars and explains to people around the table .	what bars and explains to people around the table ?	granola
29630	The boy bends down , picks up a spray bottle and squirts it on the floor .	the boy bends down , picks up what and squirts it on the floor ?	bottle
29631	He then moves the broom back and forth and cleans the floor .	he then moves what back and forth and cleans the floor ?	broom
29631	He then moves the broom back and forth and cleans the floor .	he then moves the broom back and forth and cleans what ?	floor
29638	He sticks the cone into the fire and the end of the stick begins to catch fire .	what does he stick into the fire and the end of the stick begins to catch fire ?	cone
29649	The camera shows her playing the piano from overhead .	what shows her playing the piano from overhead ?	camera
29655	The group are shown in their raft as they sail along the river .	where are the group shown as they sail along the river . ?	raft
29661	The woman walk one way taking a few steps then back the other way during the routine .	how many way do the woman walk taking a few steps then back the other way during the routine ?	one
29663	He is pushing and pulling a large vacuum cleaner .	what is he pushing and pulling ?	cleaner
29664	He is vacuuming the large living room rug .	what is he vacuuming ?	rug
29665	People are jumping off diving boards into the pool below them .	what are people jumping off into the pool below them ?	boards
29668	The little girl slide down the yellow slide and fell on the pool of balls .	what is the color of the slide ?	yellow
29671	Girls are going down a small red slide .	what is the color of the slide ?	red
29672	A man in a red shirt is standing behind them .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
29677	As she is skating , she changes her skis and the screen is covered with a grey static like film and the person continues with her snow activities .	what is the color of the film ?	gray
29687	The camera zooms in on the man as he shakes another mans hand .	what zooms in on the man as he shakes another mans hand ?	camera
29688	We then see 8 men standing on platforms holding plaques .	how many men do we then see standing on platforms holding plaques ?	eight
29689	A young girl plays the clarinet .	what does the young girl play ?	clarinet
29696	A young girl is cleaning the sink .	what is the young girl cleaning ?	sink
29702	The camera pans left and right to show the crowd standing around .	what pans left and right to show the crowd standing around ?	camera
29703	A man and a woman works out the a cardio machine .	what does the man and a woman work out ?	machine
29711	The young girl in gray shirt is brushing the thong , while the female in blue t-shirt is washing the pans , and the other girl is holding a sponge .	what is the young girl in gray shirt brushing , , and the other girl is holding a sponge ?	thong
29711	The young girl in gray shirt is brushing the thong , while the female in blue t-shirt is washing the pans , and the other girl is holding a sponge .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
29711	The young girl in gray shirt is brushing the thong , while the female in blue t-shirt is washing the pans , and the other girl is holding a sponge .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	blue
29712	The older girl in blue is washing the knife , while the other one is wiping the bowl .	what is the older girl in blue washing , ?	knife
29713	The girls put the clean dishes on the rack to dry it .	what did the girls put on the rack ?	dishes
29715	woman is cutting oranges and showing it to kids and squeezing it in a glass in the table .	what is woman cutting and showing it to kids and squeezing it in a glass in the table ?	oranges
29717	The batter hits the ball into the stands and the moment is recaptured in 3-d .	what does the batter hit into the stands and the moment is recaptured in 3-d ?	ball
29726	The camera pans to the score board showing the long jumpers results .	what pans to the score board showing the long jumpers results ?	camera
29731	The little girls hold the sticks up and jump turning around .	the little girls hold what up and jump turning around ?	sticks
29732	Two women walk toward the door .	how many women walk toward the door ?	two
29735	A man plays tam-tam , and then he talks with crossed hands on a tan-tam .	what does the man play , and then he talks with crossed hands on a tan-tam ?	tam-tam
29736	Then , the man plays tam-tam with his right hand and plays with sticks with the left hand .	then , the man plays what with his right hand and plays with sticks with the left hand ?	tam-tam
29738	The man stops and throws the frisbee and returns it to the man .	the man stops and throws what and returns it to the man ?	frisbee
29739	The dog runs around in circles on the field with the frisbee .	what runs around in circles on the field with the frisbee ?	dog
29741	The wood remaining is shown and stumps are cut up .	what is the wood remaining is shown and are cut up ?	stumps
29742	A camera pans all around a lake and shows a person riding around on a canoe .	what pans all around a lake and shows a person riding around on a canoe ?	camera
29749	The camera pans around a large group of women sitting in chair knitting and speaking to one another .	what pans around the large group of women sitting in chair knitting and speaking to one another ?	camera
29751	A bunch of teammates are riding horses on the field .	what are the bunch of teammates riding on the field ?	horses
29756	A man in a yellow hat is talking .	what is the color of the hat ?	yellow
29757	He climbs up the wall .	what does he climb up ?	wall
29758	Several people are climbing up the rock climbing wall .	what are several people climbing up climbing wall ?	rock
29758	Several people are climbing up the rock climbing wall .	several people are climbing up the rock climbing what ?	wall
29759	A man wearing black bathing trunks sitting on an inner tube as it slides down a tubing slide .	what is the man wearing bathing sitting on an inner tube as it slides down a tubing slide ?	trunks
29759	A man wearing black bathing trunks sitting on an inner tube as it slides down a tubing slide .	what is the color of the trunks ?	black
29760	A man wearing dark trunks stands on an enclosed water slide ride at a water park .	the man wearing what stands on an enclosed water slide ride at a water park ?	trunks
29761	Two men slide down a blue water slide at a water park and end up in a huge swimming pool .	how many men slide down the blue water slide at a water park and end up in a huge swimming pool ?	two
29761	Two men slide down a blue water slide at a water park and end up in a huge swimming pool .	what is the color of the slide ?	blue
29763	A man dressed in white curling gear is participating in the sport .	what is the color of the gear ?	white
29765	He is playing the sport while in another location there are two musicians performing .	he is playing the sport while in another location there are how many musicians performing ?	two
29766	They are both singing as one musician is playing a guitar and the other is drumming a tambourine .	what are they both singing and the other is drumming ?	tambourine
29766	They are both singing as one musician is playing a guitar and the other is drumming a tambourine .	they are both singing as how many musician is playing a guitar ?	one
29770	He is back in the curling rink , singing and twirling the curling stick in his hands .	where is he , singing and twirling the curling stick in his hands . ?	rink
29774	We see a blue opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
29774	We see a blue opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
29781	A man in a blue coat is standing in the snow talking .	what is the color of the coat ?	blue
29787	The man in blue shirt is holding a white spray bottle with green and black lid on it .	what is the man in blue shirt holding with green and black lid on it ?	bottle
29787	The man in blue shirt is holding a white spray bottle with green and black lid on it .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
29787	The man in blue shirt is holding a white spray bottle with green and black lid on it .	what is the color of the bottle ?	white
29788	He started spraying the contents of the bottle on the white car 's hood .	what is the color of the car ?	white
29789	He wiped the hood and the back of the white car with a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the car ?	white
29789	He wiped the hood and the back of the white car with a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	yellow
29790	He vacuum the floor of the car on the driver 's side , wipe the dirt off the steering wheel using the yellow cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	yellow
29792	He is showing a white spray bottle with black lid , while he is holding a yellow cloth .	what is he showing with black lid , ?	bottle
29792	He is showing a white spray bottle with black lid , while he is holding a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the bottle ?	white
29792	He is showing a white spray bottle with black lid , while he is holding a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the lid ?	black
29792	He is showing a white spray bottle with black lid , while he is holding a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	yellow
29793	He is wiping the edge of the car then showed the white spray bottle .	what is the color of the bottle ?	white
29794	A white car is shown being dirty and then the after where it is clean and shiny .	what is shown being dirty and then the after where it is clean and shiny ?	car
29794	A white car is shown being dirty and then the after where it is clean and shiny .	what is the color of the car ?	white
29797	He stops welding , lifts his face mask and adjusts things in the table .	he stops welding , lifts what and adjusts things in the table ?	mask
29798	He then lowers his face mask and starts welding again .	he then lowers what and starts welding again ?	mask
29799	He stops and lifts his mask again .	he stops and lifts what again ?	mask
29800	He uses a tool to hit something on the table before sanding it .	what does he use ?	tool
29801	The man pulls off his gloves while walking to the camera .	what does the man pull off while walking to the camera ?	gloves
29802	He brings the camera to the table to show the work he has done .	what does he bring to the table to show the work he has done ?	camera
29804	a house is shown with a sentence of how to wash the rooftop .	what is shown with the sentence of how to wash the rooftop ?	house
29808	More clips are shown of people diving and waving to the camera as well as speaking to one another and holding up a score .	what are shown of people diving and waving to the camera as well as speaking to one another and holding up a score ?	clips
29811	Others are using recumbent bikes and pedaling quickly .	what are others using and pedaling quickly ?	bicycles
29812	A man kicks a soccer ball , then he plays with other young men in the street , the man scores .	what does the man kick , then he plays with other young men in the street , the man scores ?	ball
29814	Teams are playing indoor soccer and the man wearing a yellow t-shirt scores playing with several teams .	what is the color of the scores ?	yellow
29815	The man dispute the ball with other player and kick it to a playmate , the man continues playing an scoring for his team .	the man dispute what with other player and kick it to a playmate , the man continues playing an scoring for his team ?	ball
29816	There 's a man in a black shirt representing Pev 's Paintball talking about the recreational game .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
29823	A guy in yellow shorts throws and we see it again .	what is the color of the shorts ?	yellow
29825	The person turns the cube all over it 's sides while attempting to solve the puzzle .	what does the person turn all over it 's sides while attempting to solve the puzzle ?	cube
29827	A man stands up in a raft .	where does the man stand up . ?	raft
29833	The man bare foot skis on a rope off the side of a boat attempting to stand up .	what did the man bare on a rope off the side of a boat attempting to stand up ?	skis
29835	people are playing futsal in a roofed gym .	where are people playing futsal . ?	gym
29837	Two men are decorating a Christmas tree .	what are two men decorating ?	tree
29837	Two men are decorating a Christmas tree .	how many men are decorating the christmas tree ?	two
29838	They are putting red ribbon around the tree .	what are they putting around the tree ?	ribbon
29838	They are putting red ribbon around the tree .	what is the color of the ribbon ?	red
29839	A dresser is shown at the end .	what is shown at the end ?	dresser
29840	Two people are seen sitting on swings outside .	how many people are seen sitting on swings outside ?	two
29843	There 's a man in a blue shirt using the lat pull machine in a gym .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
29850	There are two people standing on one side and a single player on the other side .	how many people are there standing on one side and a single player on the other side ?	two
29861	A rock band is playing a rock song in a black an white environment .	what is playing the rock song in a black an white environment ?	band
29861	A rock band is playing a rock song in a black an white environment .	what is the rock band playing in a black an white environment ?	song
29861	A rock band is playing a rock song in a black an white environment .	what is the color of the song ?	black
29861	A rock band is playing a rock song in a black an white environment .	what is the color of the environment ?	white
29862	Several curlers are preparing for a curling match while the band plays .	what are preparing for the curling match while the band plays ?	curlers
29871	Someone wears the device as he uses a mower to mow his lawn .	what does someone wear ?	device
29873	Several clips are shown of people performing flips and tricks in the middle of a floor while a light shines down in the middle .	what are shown of people performing flips and tricks in the middle of a floor while a light shines down in the middle ?	clips
29875	Two women are in a room talking .	how many women are in the room talking ?	two
29883	man holding bagpipes is walking in street between cars .	what is holding walking in street between cars ?	bagpipes
29890	A person kicks a ball into the goal .	what does the person kick into the goal ?	ball
29895	man is in a skate park in white skates .	what is the color of the skates ?	white
29899	She shoots the ball and walks away .	she shoots what and walks away ?	ball
29901	a man is wearing a safety vest .	what is the man wearing ?	vest
29904	man is smoking a cigarrette in a dark street .	where is man smoking a cigarrette . ?	street
29905	man is wearing a white t shirt smoking a cigarrette and watching to the camera .	what is man wearing smoking a cigarrette and watching to the camera ?	shirt
29905	man is wearing a white t shirt smoking a cigarrette and watching to the camera .	what is the color of the smoking ?	white
29923	The camera zooms in on the people for a closer look .	what zooms in on the people for a closer look ?	camera
29925	Two boys play ping pong across a large ping pong table outdoors while a third boy watches from the sidelines .	how many boys play ping pong across a large ping pong table outdoors while a third boy watches from the sidelines ?	two
29929	He moves the sheets , then muds the floors before laying them down .	what does he move , then muds the floors before laying them down ?	sheets
29930	The man presses the large sheets onto the ground .	what did the man press onto the ground ?	sheets
29931	A man holds a frisbee next to a dog , then the dog jumps above the back of the man and grabs a frisbee .	what does the man hold a frisbee next to a dog , then jumps above the back of the man and grabs a frisbee ?	dog
29931	A man holds a frisbee next to a dog , then the dog jumps above the back of the man and grabs a frisbee .	what does the man hold a frisbee next to a dog , then the dog jumps above the back of the man and grabs ?	frisbee
29933	A person lie down with his feet up , then the dog stand on his feet and plays with the frisbee .	what do the person lie down with his feet up , then stand on his feet and plays with the frisbee ?	dog
29938	The lady slide the kid up back to the top .	what the kid up back to the top ?	slide
29941	Two people are jump roping outside on a patio .	how many people are jump roping outside on a patio ?	two
29951	She sets the drink down and starts talking .	she sets what down and starts talking ?	drink
29953	The camera cuts to scenes of the man on a small boat paddling .	what cuts to scenes of the man on a small boat paddling ?	camera
29954	The camera cuts to scenes of various men paddling boats from various angles , with different backgrounds .	what cuts to scenes of various men paddling boats from various angles , with different backgrounds ?	camera
29955	The camera shows men putting boats away .	what shows men putting boats away ?	camera
29955	The camera shows men putting boats away .	the camera shows men putting what away ?	boats
29956	The camera shows several men in a car .	what shows several men in a car ?	camera
29956	The camera shows several men in a car .	where does the camera show several men . ?	car
29957	The camera shows quick clips of men exercising in a gym .	what shows quick clips of men exercising in a gym ?	camera
29958	The camera returns to scenes of men paddling boats .	what returns to scenes of men paddling boats ?	camera
29959	The camera cuts to accelerated footage of a car driving .	what cuts to accelerated footage of a car driving ?	camera
29960	The camera cuts to scenes of men relaxing and tossing a ball around .	what cuts to scenes of men relaxing and tossing a ball around ?	camera
29961	The camera cuts to a scene of a man sitting relaxing .	what cuts to the scene of a man sitting relaxing ?	camera
29962	Two wildebeests lock horns in a fight for dominance .	what lock horns in a fight for dominance ?	wildebeests
29962	Two wildebeests lock horns in a fight for dominance .	how many wildebeests lock horns in a fight for dominance ?	two
29964	The fight continues on as one wildabeast pushes the other away from the herd near a river .	the fight continues on as how many wildabeast pushes the other away from the herd near a river ?	one
29965	One wildebeest gives up and runs off as the other wildebeest chases .	what gives up and runs off as the other wildebeest chases ?	wildebeest
29965	One wildebeest gives up and runs off as the other wildebeest chases .	how many wildebeest gives up and runs off as the other wildebeest chases ?	one
29971	The gymnast gathers his focus , and mounts the pommel horse to begin his event .	the gymnast gathers his focus , and mounts what ?	horse
29980	The girl is in a piercing shop , then a man rubs her nose with a tissue and put a mark .	where is the girl , then a man rubs her nose with a tissue and put a mark . ?	shop
29987	boy is putting a helmet and is fixing his skateboard .	boy is putting what and is fixing his skateboard ?	helmet
29987	boy is putting a helmet and is fixing his skateboard .	boy is putting a helmet and is fixing what ?	skateboard
29990	The ax gets stuck on the wood on his first try .	what gets stuck on the wood on his first try ?	ax
29991	The guy pulls the ax out .	what does the guy pull out ?	ax
29993	A man and woman are talking in a stable .	where are the man and woman talking . ?	stable
29996	Two men are seen sitting on a couch watching tv and speaking back and fourth to one another .	how many men are seen sitting on the couch watching tv and speaking back and fourth to one another ?	two
29997	Another walks into frame speaking and holding a drink and the two men continue speaking to one another .	how many men continue speaking to one another ?	two
29999	A person mops a floor , with the camera only picking up part of the person and the mop .	what does the person mop , with the camera only picking up part of the person and the mop ?	floor
30000	The camera shows a close up of the mop head .	what shows the close up of the mop head ?	camera
30003	A group of people riding bumper cars .	what is the group of people riding ?	cars
30004	The attendant crosses the course dodging the bumper cars .	the attendant crosses the course dodging what ?	cars
30005	The attendant hops onto a girls car and helps her maneuver the car .	the attendant hops onto a girls car and helps her maneuver what ?	car
30008	A group of teens meet on the road and watch a teen skateboard .	the group of teens meet on the road and watch what ?	skateboard
30009	A teen enters a skateboard ramp and skateboard around .	the teen enters what and skateboard around ?	ramp
30011	Two teens skateboard on a road .	how many teens skateboard on the road ?	two
30013	The woman puts one shoe on .	what does the woman put on ?	shoe
30013	The woman puts one shoe on .	how many shoe does the woman put on ?	one
30015	The camera briefly shifts right to show another individual .	what briefly shifts right to show another individual ?	camera
30016	The camera returns to the woman still putting the shoe on .	what returns to the woman still putting the shoe on ?	camera
30017	The camera shifts right to several individuals in the room , waiting for the woman to put her shoes on .	what shifts right to several individuals in the room , waiting for the woman to put her shoes on ?	camera
30017	The camera shifts right to several individuals in the room , waiting for the woman to put her shoes on .	where does the camera shift , waiting for the woman to put her shoes on . ?	room
30018	The camera shifts back to the woman , still putting her shoe on .	what shifts back to the woman , still putting her shoe on ?	camera
30021	She continues brushing her hair and looking at herself in the mirror .	where does she continue brushing her hair and looking . ?	mirror
30031	The big waves moves the boat up and down .	what does the big waves move up and down ?	boat
30033	A man drives a car , the car stops with a flat tire .	what does the man drive , the car stops with a flat tire ?	car
30036	After , the man drives his car .	what does after , the man drive ?	car
30048	The chef then chops romaine and places them in a silver bin and mixes endive with the romaine .	the chef then chops what and places them in a silver bin and mixes endive with the romaine ?	romaine
30048	The chef then chops romaine and places them in a silver bin and mixes endive with the romaine .	the chef then chops romaine and places them in a silver bin and mixes what with the romaine ?	endive
30049	Finally he removes the salad mixture with a dressing on it from a round silver bowl and places the salad on a white plate .	finally he removes the salad mixture with a dressing on it from a round silver bowl and places what on a white plate ?	salad
30049	Finally he removes the salad mixture with a dressing on it from a round silver bowl and places the salad on a white plate .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
30053	A small child wearing a wig is seen holding a violin and speaking to the camera .	the small child wearing what is seen holding a violin and speaking to the camera ?	wig
30056	He then glides the knife down the sharpener and shows how other knives work with different sharpeners .	he then glides what down the sharpener and shows how other knives work with different sharpeners ?	knife
30057	He presents the knife one last time while still speaking to the camera .	what does he present last time ?	knife
30058	A man is mopping a floor .	what is the man mopping ?	floor
30064	The contact lens is removed from the eye .	what is contact removed from the eye ?	lens
30070	A yorkie dog is shown from several angles .	what is shown from several angles ?	dog
30072	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
30074	The man unwraps the product and takes it out of the bag .	the man unwraps what and takes it out of the bag ?	product
30075	The product is being taken out of it 's packaging .	what is being taken out of it 's packaging ?	product
30078	We then see the ending screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
30079	A man and a woman dressed in snow clothing are walking in the snow and they begin to drill into the ice ground with hand held red crank long drills .	what is the color of the drills ?	red
30081	After they 're done fishing , they are now at a wood fire and the fish is cooking on the wood .	what are , they now at a wood fire and is cooking on the wood ?	fish
30083	Another man holding a baby holds up the kite 's spool .	what is another man holding a baby holds up spool ?	kite
30083	Another man holding a baby holds up the kite 's spool .	what is another man holding a baby holds up ?	spool
30085	The men fly the kites from a rooftop .	what do the men fly from a rooftop ?	kites
30088	The man grabs his fishing pole and starts fishing in the hole in the ice .	the man grabs fishing what and starts fishing in the hole in the ice ?	pole
30090	The man pulls a fish out of the water and poses with it .	the man pulls what out of the water and poses with it ?	fish
30091	The man unhooks the hook from the fish 's mouth .	what does the man unhook from the fish 's mouth ?	hook
30092	The man kisses the fish and releases it back into the hole .	the man kisses what and releases it back into the hole ?	fish
30098	The floor is being cleaned at walking speed .	what is being cleaned at walking speed ?	floor
30106	The man then pretends , then actually vacuums the linoleum floor with the vacuum .	the man then pretends , then actually vacuums what with the vacuum ?	floor
30108	A man towels off in a room .	where does the man towel off . ?	room
30110	Between dives , the scoreboard is shown again .	what is between dives , shown again ?	scoreboard
30115	A young man wearing a white shirt and helmet and black pants is holding a skateboard in his hands as he walks .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
30116	He puts the skateboard down and begins skating on an asphalt road .	he puts what down and begins skating on an asphalt road ?	skateboard
30118	Two people walk past him as he continues to skateboard .	how many people walk past him as he continues to skateboard ?	two
30126	A woman pushes a lawn mower through the grass .	what does the woman push through the grass ?	mower
30127	The lady lifts the mower and backs up .	the lady lifts what and backs up ?	mower
30128	The lady turns the mower .	what does the lady turn ?	mower
30130	a clean sink is shown and a woman claing the surface of water and wine with a cloth and then with an sponge .	what is shown and the woman claing the surface of water and wine with a cloth and then with an sponge ?	sink
30131	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink .	the woman put what on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink ?	cleaner
30131	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink .	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans what , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink ?	sink
30131	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink .	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers what ?	sink
30131	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink .	what is the color of the table ?	white
30136	We see people playing paintball in the woods .	what do we see in the woods ?	paintball
30139	We see an empty metal tank .	what do we see ?	tank
30144	We see a ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
30149	People wearing bouncing shoes bounce and jumps in a gym , a presenter talks and also tries the bouncing shoes .	where are people wearing bouncing shoes bounce and jumps , a presenter talks and also tries the bouncing shoes . ?	gym
30152	A person rides a bike in the gym .	where does the person rid a bike . ?	gym
30153	Two men wearing bouncing shoes stand front to front in a TV set .	how many men is wearing bouncing shoes stand front to front in a tv set ?	two
30157	Two small dogs follow her on leashes .	what follow her on leashes ?	dogs
30157	Two small dogs follow her on leashes .	how many small dogs follow her on leashes ?	two
30158	She bends down and the dogs come up to her .	what does she bend down and come up to her ?	dogs
30162	A man is washing his hands in the sink .	where is the man washing his hands . ?	sink
30163	He takes a yellow rag and cleans the sink and faucet .	what is the color of the rag ?	yellow
30164	A white bottle of cleaner is shown .	what is the color of the bottle ?	white
30166	People are jumping off a rock into the water .	what are people jumping off into the water ?	rock
30171	A unicorn pinata sways in the wind from a line .	what sways in the wind from a line ?	pinata
30180	We see the title screen on white A lady sits in a chair talking .	what is the color of the lady ?	white
30182	We see the closing credits on a white screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
30185	The camera zooms in on the men in the end as well as other people standing around the room .	what zooms in on the men in the end as well as other people standing around the room ?	camera
30186	A man sitting in a leaf blower starts the machine and blows a large pile of leafs into the brush nearby .	what is the man sitting in a leaf blower starts and blows a large pile of leafs into the brush nearby ?	machine
30188	The cameraman stops the vehicle and gets out .	the cameraman stops what and gets out ?	vehicle
30189	We see the full vehicle from the front and see the field .	we see what from the front and see the field ?	vehicle
30191	The marching band pass on front a carnival and a green field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
30205	Two men with a referee in the middle appear on a stage and they are in an intense arm wrestling match .	how many men with a referee in the middle appear on a stage ?	two
30208	men are standing in a large green field playing lacrosse .	what is the color of the lacrosse ?	green
30213	A camera pans around a set of stairs and leads into people working out in a class .	what pans around the set of stairs and leads into people working out in a class ?	camera
30217	She applies the tool smoothly , making sure to repeel and correct any mistakes as she goes along .	what does she apply smoothly , ?	tool
30223	The man drops the necklace from his mouth and immediately begins to run and does his hop , skip and jump .	the man drops what from his mouth and immediately begins to run and does his hop , ?	necklace
30230	A man is riding a rowing machine in a gym .	where is the man riding a rowing machine . ?	gym
30247	Coffee beans are shown in a cup .	what are shown in the cup ?	beans
30247	Coffee beans are shown in a cup .	where are coffee beans shown . ?	cup
30249	A cup mug is being filled with coffee .	what is being filled with coffee ?	mug
30250	People are riding bikes down the street .	what are people riding down the street ?	bicycles
30252	One rider crashes over a jump and falls off his bike .	one rider crashes over a jump and falls off what ?	bicycle
30252	One rider crashes over a jump and falls off his bike .	how many rider crashes over the jump and falls off his bike ?	one
30253	The other rider slows down and pulls off the track .	the other rider slows down and pulls off what ?	track
30262	The man stops and cleans out the razor .	the man stops and cleans out what ?	razor
30263	The man shakes the razor when it stops working until it starts again and continues to shave his leg .	what does the man shake ?	razor
30264	A dog is outside in a large field and runs towards a man holding a yellow Frisbee .	what is outside in the large field and runs towards a man holding a yellow frisbee ?	dog
30264	A dog is outside in a large field and runs towards a man holding a yellow Frisbee .	what is the dog outside in a large field and runs towards a man holding ?	frisbee
30264	A dog is outside in a large field and runs towards a man holding a yellow Frisbee .	what is the color of the frisbee ?	yellow
30266	He throws it several time and the dog catches each and every one .	what does he throw it several time and catches each and every one ?	dog
30272	An Asian woman wearing a blue shirt and begins talking and throwing her hands up at the camera .	an asian woman wearing what and begins talking and throwing her hands up at the camera ?	shirt
30272	An Asian woman wearing a blue shirt and begins talking and throwing her hands up at the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
30273	She then grabs an iron and continues to iron a yellow piece of cloth on the ironing board .	what is the color of the piece ?	yellow
30278	The man assembles the sandwich .	what does the man assemble ?	sandwich
30280	The man cuts the sandwich .	what does the man cut ?	sandwich
30286	A person throws a ball to a teen who runs and kick the ball .	what does the person throw to a teen who runs and kick the ball ?	ball
30292	A young lady wearing a colorful swimsuit is underwater swimming in a pool .	the young lady wearing what is underwater swimming in a pool ?	swimsuit
30292	A young lady wearing a colorful swimsuit is underwater swimming in a pool .	where is the young lady wearing a colorful swimsuit is underwater swimming . ?	pool
30293	A screen flashes and shows step two as the girl demonstrates swimming with your feet close together .	what flashes and shows step two as the girl demonstrates swimming with your feet close together ?	screen
30294	Next , a warning screen appears saying not to swim without goggles as the girl does the exact opposite .	what does next , appear saying not to swim without goggles as the girl does the exact opposite ?	screen
30295	After , the girl is shown with an orange mermaid tail on swimming under water as she joins another `` mermaid '' .	what is the color of the tail ?	orange
30304	They play rock paper scissors , and the loser becomes enraged .	what do they play , and the loser becomes enraged ?	scissors
30307	He shakes up a bottle and takes a drink before choking .	he shakes up what and takes a drink before choking ?	bottle
30310	He stands up and pulls a fish out of the hole .	he stands up and pulls what out of the hole ?	fish
30311	He cuts the hook out of the fish and throws the fish on the ice .	he cuts what out of the fish and throws the fish on the ice ?	hook
30311	He cuts the hook out of the fish and throws the fish on the ice .	he cuts the hook out of the fish and throws what on the ice ?	fish
30313	A large mat is seen with a bar on top and two people watching on the sides .	what is seen with the bar on top and two people watching on the sides ?	mat
30316	A man is playing the bagpipes .	what is the man playing ?	bagpipes
30318	A man in a blue shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
30319	A man serves a ball to play squash with a partner .	what does the man serve ?	ball
30320	The men hit the ball to the wall .	what did the men hit to the wall ?	ball
30322	Four people play Foosball at a Foosball table .	how many people play foosball at a foosball table ?	four
30327	The words `` How to Fly a Kite With No Wind '' appear on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
30328	Man wearing a yellow t-shirt appears in a large suburban field .	man wearing what appears in a large suburban field ?	t-shirt
30328	Man wearing a yellow t-shirt appears in a large suburban field .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	yellow
30329	The man puts together a rainbow colored kite with long yellow tails .	what is the color of the tails ?	yellow
30330	The man drives a small green mowing tractor while holding the kite 's string as it flies above .	what does the man drive while holding the kite 's string as it flies above ?	tractor
30330	The man drives a small green mowing tractor while holding the kite 's string as it flies above .	what is the color of the tractor ?	green
30331	A young lady speaks on screen and then drives the tractor while holding the flying kite .	the young lady speaks on screen and then drives what while holding the flying kite ?	tractor
30332	A person in a black coat is scraping ice off of a window .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
30333	A kid in a yellow coat is smiling at the camera .	what is the color of the coat ?	yellow
30334	A boy in a green jacket is scraping the ice off of another car .	what is the color of the jacket ?	green
30336	His hands are extremely red from the snow but his wife is wearing gloves so she 's unaffected .	what are his hands extremely red from the snow but his wife is wearing ?	gloves
30346	A person plays bagpipes on the streets as people pass by .	what does the person play on the streets ?	bagpipes
30348	There 's a gymnast wearing red leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in a large stadium with spectators and a panel of judges .	there 's a gymnast wearing what ?	leotards
30348	There 's a gymnast wearing red leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in a large stadium with spectators and a panel of judges .	what is the color of the leotards ?	red
30352	Two sumos stand face to face on front a woman .	how many sumos stand face to face on front a woman ?	two
30355	A man wearing yellow clothes approach the ring .	the man wearing what approach the ring ?	clothes
30355	A man wearing yellow clothes approach the ring .	what is the color of the clothes ?	yellow
30357	The man pulls out the harmonica and continues to show it off to the camera .	the man pulls out what and continues to show it off to the camera ?	harmonica
30358	The man plays the harmonica and pauses to hold it up to the screen as well as a picture .	the man plays what and pauses to hold it up to the screen as well as a picture ?	harmonica
30359	A man wearing a hat is seen speaking to the camera and holding up various cleaning products .	the man wearing what is seen speaking to the camera and holding up various cleaning products ?	hat
30363	The man is showing various hair care products .	what is the man showing care ?	products
30375	Then she uses scotch tape to seal the ends securely .	what does then she use ?	tape
30378	A boy paddles a boat .	what does the boy paddle ?	boat
30380	We see a track with people standing around .	what do we see with people standing around ?	track
30384	The camera is lowered and covered by a hand .	what is lowered and covered by the hand ?	camera
30386	The camera shows several different angles of the athlete jumping in a line as well as into the pit on sand .	what shows several different angles of the athlete jumping in a line as well as into the pit on sand ?	camera
30388	A girl is lighting a cigarette and blowing smoke .	what is the girl lighting and blowing smoke ?	cigarette
30409	A man peels a potato while blindfolded and two little girls watch .	what does the man peel ?	potato
30412	the man removes his blindfold .	what does the man remove ?	blindfold
30414	One person makes a shot with a black puck .	how many person makes the shot with a black puck ?	one
30414	One person makes a shot with a black puck .	what is the color of the puck ?	black
30415	The next person makes a shot with a yellow puck .	what is the color of the puck ?	yellow
30416	The people continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck .	what is the color of the puck ?	black
30417	An elderly man is seated in the living room .	where is an elderly man seated . ?	room
30420	A woman is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the woman playing ?	guitar
30421	A woman standing next to her is dancing and twirling a baton .	what is the woman standing next to her dancing and twirling ?	baton
30425	He finishes the glass in record time and turns off the camera .	he finishes the glass in record time and turns off what ?	camera
30426	Some people are floating on the ocean on a yellow raft .	what is the color of the raft ?	yellow
30434	woman holds the pinata while kids keep pulling from the pinata .	what does woman hold ?	pinata
30435	kid pulls the thread and opn the pinata and kneel in the floor picking up candies .	kid pulls what and opn the pinata and kneel in the floor picking up candies ?	thread
30442	Three people are seen kneeling on a small raft and flip themselves into the water .	how many people are seen kneeling on the small raft and flip themselves into the water ?	three
30443	More people are seen padding along and move over to the people in the water .	more people are seen what along and move over to the people in the water ?	padding
30444	The people in the water climb back in and finally put themselves in a canoe .	where did the people in the water climb back in and finally put themselves . ?	canoe
30452	They hit the ball back and forth against the wall .	what did they hit back and forth against the wall ?	ball
30454	A cricket player hits a ball that is pitched .	what does the cricket player hit ?	ball
30455	A player makes a diving catch in the outfield .	where does the player make a diving catch . ?	outfield
30459	Two people arm wrestle in a competition .	how many people arm wrestle in the competition ?	two
30464	The camera pans all around the car as well as the tire while the man continues to speak to the camera .	what pans all around the car as well as the tire while the man continues to speak to the camera ?	camera
30466	A serves a ball and plays while people watch the game in a beach .	a serves what and plays while people watch the game in a beach ?	ball
30470	He continues going down one door , cleaning each individual window .	how many door does he continue going down , cleaning each individual window ?	one
30475	A goalie tries to block a ball and does the splits but misses the ball .	the goalie tries and does the splits but misses what ?	ball
30477	a cake is in a pot on the counter , woman is speaking to the camera in the kitchen .	what is in the pot on the counter , woman is speaking to the camera in the kitchen ?	cake
30478	cake mix is beat with a mixer , the woman keeps talking and mixing the cake .	what is beat with the mixer , the woman keeps talking and mixing the cake ?	mix
30479	oil is in a pot .	where is oil . ?	pot
30480	woman holds a green pot full of sand and its putted on the pressure cooker .	what is the color of the pot ?	green
30482	the pression mix is open and then closed while the woman keeps talking in the kitchen , after a ime she open the pot and the cake is ready .	what is open and then closed while the woman keeps talking in the kitchen , after a ime she open the pot and the cake is ready ?	mix
30482	the pression mix is open and then closed while the woman keeps talking in the kitchen , after a ime she open the pot and the cake is ready .	the pression mix is open and then closed , after a ime she open what and the cake is ready ?	pot
30482	the pression mix is open and then closed while the woman keeps talking in the kitchen , after a ime she open the pot and the cake is ready .	the pression mix is open and then closed , after a ime she open the pot and what is ready ?	cake
30483	a decorated cake is shown and the cakes along the pression pot .	what is shown and the cakes along the pression pot ?	cake
30484	A black and white video shows two people in a bedroom , playing guitars .	how many people does the black and white video show in a bedroom , playing guitars ?	two
30484	A black and white video shows two people in a bedroom , playing guitars .	where does the black and white video show two people , playing guitars . ?	bedroom
30491	There 's a girl with long brown hair playing the harmonica in a hospital elevator .	what is the color of the hair ?	brown
30492	The elevator door opens and several people enter the elevator .	what opens and several people enter the elevator ?	door
30492	The elevator door opens and several people enter the elevator .	what does the elevator door open and several people enter ?	elevator
30495	Then they get off the elevator when they reach their level .	what do then they get off ?	elevator
30498	A person enters the elevator with a man on a stretcher along with some other people .	what does the person enter with a man on a stretcher along with some other people ?	elevator
30500	They get off the elevator when they reach their desired level in the hospital .	what do they get off ?	elevator
30501	A toddler wash his hands in the sink .	where do the toddler wash his hands . ?	sink
30504	Two people are seen arm wrestling with one another while one man holds their hands .	how many people are seen arm wrestling with one another while one man holds their hands ?	two
30510	The woman continues speaking while holding the knitting tools and ends by fading to black .	what is the color of the tools ?	black
30517	A woman in a blue coat is talking .	what is the color of the coat ?	blue
30521	The man finishes the weld and the seam is seen glowing red hot .	what is the color of the hot ?	red
30523	The video shows a person 's hand holding up an acoustic guitar .	the video shows a person 's hand holding up what ?	guitar
30526	He is strumming his guitar to a tune .	what is he strumming to a tune ?	guitar
30529	Several cats are shown sitting around followed by a man speaking to the camera .	what are shown sitting around followed by the man speaking to the camera ?	cats
30531	Several products are shown laid out as well as several people holding cats and cutting their nails .	what are shown laid out as well as several people holding cats and cutting their nails ?	products
30532	men is holding a bucket and is standing in the oof of a house and its working on it .	men is holding what and is standing in the oof of a house and its working on it ?	bucket
30533	man is doing the mix in a bucket in a floor and in the roof again .	what is man doing in a bucket in a floor and in the roof again ?	mix
30537	A man is wearing a yellow vest .	what is the man wearing ?	vest
30537	A man is wearing a yellow vest .	what is the color of the vest ?	yellow
30550	A camera shows a person 's feet riding down a snow mountain while spinning around in circles .	what shows the person 's feet riding down a snow mountain while spinning around in circles ?	camera
30562	These two men are shown spraying the exterior of the black car with soap .	how many men are shown spraying the exterior of the black car with soap ?	two
30562	These two men are shown spraying the exterior of the black car with soap .	what is the color of the car ?	black
30564	They scrubbed almost everywhere to make the black turn into shine .	what is the color of the turn ?	black
30565	Two men are seen standing around a large room and hitting a tennis ball around with tennis rackets .	how many men are seen standing around the large room and hitting a tennis ball around with tennis rackets ?	two
30566	The men hit the ball back and fourth to one another and run around the room at the same time .	the men hit what back and fourth to one another and run around the room at the same time ?	ball
30567	Holiday gift wrapping made easy , this glass store give a tutorial on how to wrap awkward shaped gifts .	what made easy , this glass store give a tutorial on how to wrap awkward shaped gifts ?	wrapping
30570	Then you use tape to hold it down and top it off with a bow .	what do then you use ?	tape
30574	A group of people are riding horses and playing polo .	what are the group of people riding and playing polo ?	horses
30578	The camera zooms out to show us the whole room .	what zooms out to show us the whole room ?	camera
30584	A man is cleaning leaves off a sidewalk with a broom and a shovel .	what is the man cleaning off a sidewalk with a broom and a shovel ?	leaves
30585	The man sweeps the leaves in a circle and puts them in the bin .	the man sweeps what in a circle and puts them in the bin ?	leaves
30586	A yellow bus rides past the man .	what rides past the man ?	bus
30586	A yellow bus rides past the man .	what is the color of the bus ?	yellow
30587	The man sweeps again and puts the leaves in the bin .	the man sweeps again and puts what in the bin ?	leaves
30591	She 's in the middle of the street wearing a red tanktop , shorts , and flip flops .	what is the color of the tanktop ?	red
30594	A man in a yellow life vest is sitting in a canoe .	what is the color of the vest ?	yellow
30594	A man in a yellow life vest is sitting in a canoe .	where is the man sitting in a canoe . ?	vest
30596	The camera goes underwater next to the canoe .	what goes underwater next to the canoe ?	camera
30603	A person cuts a pepper and put in a bowl .	the person cuts what and put in a bowl ?	pepper
30604	Also , the person cook noodles in a pot .	also , the person cook what in a pot ?	noodles
30605	Then , the person fry mushrooms in a pan , add salt , garlic , tomatoes and roots .	where does then , the person fry mushrooms , add salt , garlic , tomatoes and roots . ?	pan
30611	The leaf blower blows brown dried up leaves using the leaf blower .	what brown dried up leaves using the leaf blower ?	blows
30611	The leaf blower blows brown dried up leaves using the leaf blower .	what is the color of the dried ?	brown
30612	The leaves are blown away from some lawn furniture and blown towards the middle of the yard .	what are blown away from some lawn furniture and blown towards the middle of the yard ?	leaves
30613	A large black item is drawn on a long sheet of white paper .	what is the color of the item ?	black
30613	A large black item is drawn on a long sheet of white paper .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
30615	They add leaves , creating a black plant .	what do they add , ?	leaves
30615	They add leaves , creating a black plant .	what is the color of the plant ?	black
30619	He drops the lens on the sink and again tries to put the contact into his eye .	he drops what on the sink and again tries to put the contact into his eye ?	lens
30620	He drops the lens again and continues trying to put it into his eye and the camera moves around in the end .	he drops what again and continues trying to put it into his eye and the camera moves around in the end ?	lens
30620	He drops the lens again and continues trying to put it into his eye and the camera moves around in the end .	he drops the lens again and continues and what moves around in the end ?	camera
30621	The video is a tutorial on how to make Alfredo sauce pasta .	what is the video ?	pasta
30623	She then strains the pasta out in a bowl by throwing out the excess water .	what did she then strain out in a bowl by throwing out the excess water ?	pasta
30623	She then strains the pasta out in a bowl by throwing out the excess water .	where did she then strain the pasta out . ?	bowl
30627	She continues stirring the pasta in the saucepan .	where does she continue stirring the pasta . ?	saucepan
30628	She serves the pasta in a square brown plate and takes a spoonful of the pasta to taste it .	what is the color of the plate ?	brown
30630	A woman wearing a dress is dancing on a stage .	the woman wearing what is dancing on a stage ?	dress
30633	A man wearing a black coat is chopping a piece of wood with an ax .	the man wearing what is chopping a piece of wood with an ax ?	coat
30633	A man wearing a black coat is chopping a piece of wood with an ax .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
30635	He moves the stump and tries to chop it again .	he moves what and tries to chop it again ?	stump
30638	The kite falls as the wind lessens .	what falls as the wind lessens ?	kite
30639	The kite blows hard in the air as the wind picks up again .	what hard in the air as the wind picks up again ?	blows
30641	Then , the athlete throws the ball to the field .	what does then , the athlete throw to the field ?	ball
30642	A woman talks , facing the camera while holding two dumbbells and then demonstrates a spin cycle exercise in front of a class in a gym .	the woman talks , facing the camera while holding how many dumbbells and then demonstrates a spin cycle exercise in front of a class in a gym ?	two
30643	Four men are outside in a field throwing a baseball to each other .	how many men are outside in the field throwing a baseball to each other ?	four
30644	A ball then rolls into a pond and a little boy grabs it and throws it .	what then rolls into the pond and a little boy grabs it and throws it ?	ball
30647	On the side , a boy begins pumping his tire and a small baby is shown bathing in a basin .	where does on the side , a boy begin pumping his tire and a small baby is shown bathing . ?	basin
30654	Two team are in each other end of the rope while people are watching and two persons are taking pictures .	what are two team in each other end of the rope and two persons are taking ?	pictures
30654	Two team are in each other end of the rope while people are watching and two persons are taking pictures .	how many team are in each other end of the rope while people are watching ?	two
30654	Two team are in each other end of the rope while people are watching and two persons are taking pictures .	how many persons are taking pictures ?	two
30655	The two teams began pulling the rope .	how many teams began pulling the rope ?	two
30656	The team in yellow shirt won and then two team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave a bow .	the team in yellow shirt won and then two team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave what ?	bow
30656	The team in yellow shirt won and then two team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave a bow .	the team in yellow shirt won and then how many team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave a bow ?	two
30656	The team in yellow shirt won and then two team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave a bow .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
30658	A lady sits back , talks , and drinks coffee .	the lady sits back , talks , and drinks what ?	coffee
30660	A old man puts salt to bowling water in a pot , then he adds pasta and let cook for one minute .	what does the old man put salt to bowling water in a pot , then he adds and let cook for one minute ?	pasta
30661	Then , the man turns off the stove and puts on the pot a cloth and a lid and let it for 10 min .	then , the man turns off what and puts on the pot a cloth and a lid and let it for 10 min ?	stove
30662	After , the man drains the pasta in the sink .	where does after , the man drain the pasta . ?	sink
30663	A woman comes and taste the cooked pasta and gives a thump up .	the woman comes and taste what and gives a thump up ?	pasta
30667	A girl hits a pinata with an orange , toy bat .	what does the girl hit with an orange , toy bat ?	pinata
30668	The bat falls and the girl picks it up .	what falls and the girl picks it up ?	bat
30671	The team in black is trying to prevent the other team in red from scoring , the goalie blocks the score .	what is the color of the team ?	black
30673	The red team scores and it 's 1-1 , they continue back on the court til the game is over .	what is the color of the scores ?	red
30680	An emblem appears on the screen .	what appears on the screen ?	emblem
30684	They are shown getting haircuts in a barbershop and commentating about the haircut .	where are they shown getting haircuts and commentating about the haircut . ?	barbershop
30688	A man rakes brown leaves in a lawn .	what is the color of the leaves ?	brown
30691	The man pulls out a black object from his pocket and presents it .	what is the color of the object ?	black
30692	The man screws the black object at the end of the rake handle .	what is the color of the object ?	black
30700	A woman in a white apron is slicing lettuce on a board .	what is the woman in a white apron slicing on a board ?	lettuce
30700	A woman in a white apron is slicing lettuce on a board .	what is the color of the apron ?	white
30700	A woman in a white apron is slicing lettuce on a board .	where is the woman slicing lettuce on a board . ?	apron
30701	She dries and cuts some cucumbers to put in a bowl of salad .	what does she dry and cuts ?	cucumbers
30704	She opens a bottle with her teeth and pours that onto the salad too .	she opens what with her teeth and pours that onto the salad too ?	bottle
30705	She puts more dressing on the salad .	what does she put on the salad ?	dressing
30706	A lady in the background is pulling saran wrap out .	what is the lady in the background pulling out ?	wrap
30709	A woman holds the bowl up and shows the salad while smiling .	the woman holds what up and shows the salad while smiling ?	bowl
30709	A woman holds the bowl up and shows the salad while smiling .	the woman holds the bowl up and shows what while smiling ?	salad
30711	A graphic plays that says `` StuntsAmazing '' with a link to their facebook page .	what plays that says `` stuntsamazing '' with a link to their facebook page ?	graphic
30713	A graphic plays that says `` Subscribe '' and the video ends .	what plays that says `` subscribe '' and the video ends ?	graphic
30721	Her hand then covers the camera .	what does her hand then cover ?	camera
30730	The person pours toothpaste out onto a brush and continuously brushes his teeth .	the person pours what out onto a brush and continuously brushes his teeth ?	toothpaste
30736	Two girls are shown raking up leaves in a yard while continuously talking to the camera .	how many girls are shown raking up leaves in a yard while continuously talking to the camera ?	two
30738	The camera zooms in on the younger girl and watches her rake up the leaves .	what zooms in on the younger girl and watches her rake up the leaves ?	camera
30739	Two boys are kneeling in the grass cutting the grass with a pair of scissors .	how many boys are kneeling in the grass cutting the grass with a pair of scissors ?	two
30740	They grab some pieces and use the scissors to cut it up .	they grab what and use the scissors to cut it up ?	pieces
30740	They grab some pieces and use the scissors to cut it up .	they grab some pieces and use what ?	scissors
30744	A woman with blonde hair , and dressed in all black , stands in front of a dance studio advertisement and talks while facing the camera .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
30745	The camera cuts away to four girls in ballet outfits and ballet shoes facing a ballet bar with their backs to the camera and demonstrating ballet knee bends .	what cuts away to four girls in ballet outfits and ballet shoes facing a ballet bar with their backs to the camera and demonstrating ballet knee bends ?	camera
30746	A little girl jumps hopscotch in the street .	where does the little girl jump hopscotch . ?	street
30749	The camera pans left to show the team on the left side of the net .	what left to show the team on the left side of the net ?	pans
30750	The camera returns to the team on the right side .	what returns to the team on the right side ?	camera
30759	men is cleaning the window on the outside hanging on the Scaffolding .	what is men cleaning on the outside hanging on the scaffolding ?	window
30769	There 's a welder in a blue shirt wearing a yellow protective helmet , welding a large metal pipe in a workshop .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
30769	There 's a welder in a blue shirt wearing a yellow protective helmet , welding a large metal pipe in a workshop .	what is the color of the helmet ?	yellow
30771	He is welding the metal piece with precision in a horizontal manner .	what is he welding with precision in a horizontal manner ?	piece
30772	There 's a welding machine showing how it works on melting metal at high temperature .	what does there 's welding showing how it works on melting metal at high temperature ?	machine
30778	A person on the screen is showing a box containing sumo wrestling toys .	what is the person on the screen showing ?	box
30787	The gymnast dismounts and lands on the blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
30790	The doctor demonstrates the steps to washing hands like doctors do .	what does the doctor demonstrate to washing hands like doctors do ?	steps
30793	He continues moving the objects on the wall and then nails them down with a nail gun and presents the shelves he 's made .	he continues and then nails them down with a nail gun and presents what ?	shelves
30801	A woman talks in a gym .	where does the woman talk . ?	gym
30804	Several people are seen kite surfing along the water and one performing tricks .	what are several people seen along the water and one performing tricks ?	surfing
30806	A child paints her toenails with white nail polish on front a little child .	what is the color of the polish ?	white
30807	A person enters the room and walk on front the children .	the person enters what and walk on front the children ?	room
30812	The camera pans around the other people as they laugh .	what pans around the other people as they laugh ?	camera
30815	She grabs a shovel and walks away .	she grabs what and walks away ?	shovel
30821	A man plays alone pool hitting balls with a pole while going around the pool table .	what does the man play while going around the pool table ?	pool
30822	Then , the man hit a ball that enters the basket .	what did then , the man hit ?	ball
30827	A trainer wearing a wet suit gives a walrus treats and the walrus nods his head up in town in excitement at the beginning of a show .	the trainer wearing what gives a walrus treats and the walrus nods his head up in town in excitement at the beginning of a show ?	suit
30829	The walrus is handed the saxophone and it plays it while the dancing with the trainer .	what is handed the saxophone and it plays it while the dancing with the trainer ?	walrus
30829	The walrus is handed the saxophone and it plays it while the dancing with the trainer .	what is the walrus handed and it plays it while the dancing with the trainer ?	saxophone
30830	A woman and one other person paddle in an orange canoe in a calm body of water surrounded by mountains , trees , and bushes .	what is the color of the canoe ?	orange
30832	The two people paddle from the left and pass a line of bushes in front of a mountain .	how many people paddle from the left and pass a line of bushes in front of a mountain ?	two
30833	The two people then paddle further away from the mountain and closer to the middle of the body of water .	how many people then paddle further away from the mountain and closer to the middle of the body of water ?	two
30836	The man releases the hammer and lowers his arms .	the man releases what and lowers his arms ?	hammer
30837	Two men are seen standing before a game of darts and begin throwing darts onto the board .	how many men are seen standing before the game of darts and begin throwing darts onto the board ?	two
30840	Two people are standing by the water one of the grabs some board .	how many people are standing by the water one of the grabs some board ?	two
30844	A man wearing gloves is inside a building .	the man wearing what is inside a building ?	gloves
30845	He rolls up a carpet and sets it aside .	he rolls up what and sets it aside ?	carpet
30846	He then sweeps and mops the floors until they are clean .	what does he then sweep and mops ?	floors
30851	Two women are seen standing before a christmas tree with young children present as well .	how many women are seen standing before the christmas tree with young children present as well ?	two
30855	A woman is hosting a beer pong tournament , and the two men go over to the table .	what is the woman hosting , and the two men go over to the table ?	tournament
30855	A woman is hosting a beer pong tournament , and the two men go over to the table .	how many men go over to the table ?	two
30860	A woman is sitting in a chair while a woman behind her is holding a hair dryer .	where is the woman sitting while a woman behind her is holding a hair dryer . ?	chair
30864	He is cutting lemons up .	what is he cutting up ?	lemons
30868	He takes a red garland and demonstrates how to wrap it around the tree .	what is the color of the garland ?	red
30870	He also takes a red ribbon and red berries to add to the tree .	what is the color of the ribbon ?	red
30870	He also takes a red ribbon and red berries to add to the tree .	what is the color of the berries ?	red
30878	A man fills a hookah with water and sets it on a table .	the man fills what with water and sets it on a table ?	hookah
30879	He puts tobacco in a device and covers it with tin foil .	he puts what in a device and covers it with tin foil ?	tobacco
30883	woman is standing in a kitchen in front of a camera and showing ingredients on top of table .	what is woman standing in a kitchen in front of a camera and showing on top of table ?	ingredients
30885	A toddler iron a garment on a toy board .	the toddler iron what on a toy board ?	garment
30886	The toddler sprays the garment and folds , then she continues ironing it .	the toddler sprays what and folds , then she continues ironing it ?	garment
30888	A Caucasian male is outside holding up a skateboard .	what is the caucasian male outside holding up ?	skateboard
30892	After , the man turns around and shows how his brown cargo shorts are patched up with duct tape .	what is the color of the shorts ?	brown
30905	They then show clips from an outdoor volleyball game .	what do they then show from an outdoor volleyball game ?	clips
30906	The team mates hit the ball back and forth over the net .	what did the team mates hit back and forth over the net ?	ball
30912	Then two men are shown shoveling snow outside off of statues and the ground and when they 're done , someone falls to the ground .	how many men are shown shoveling snow outside off of statues and the ground ?	two
30920	She mixes the alcohols into a glass , then shakes them up before decorating and displaying the drink .	what does she mix into a glass , then shakes them up before decorating and displaying the drink ?	alcohols
30921	A large snowy mountain is shown as well as people driving and people standing along a mountain .	what is shown as well as people driving and people standing along a mountain ?	mountain
30924	A woman puts a harness on .	what does the woman put on ?	harness
30925	A man clips a rope to the front of the woman 's harness .	what did the man clip to the front of the woman 's harness ?	rope
30926	He ties the rope into a knot .	what does he tie into a knot ?	rope
30929	A person holds their paddle over their head .	what does the person hold over their head ?	paddle
30931	The people kayaking approach a bridge .	what do the people kayaking approach ?	bridge
30934	The camera follows him moving through the water and eventually works his way towards a bridge .	what follows him moving through the water and eventually works his way towards a bridge ?	camera
30937	The hand picks up a white rug .	what does the hand pick up ?	rug
30937	The hand picks up a white rug .	what is the color of the rug ?	white
30938	The hand places two fingers inside the rug and proceeds to whip the painted wardrobe .	the hand places how many fingers inside the rug and proceeds to whip the painted wardrobe ?	two
30951	Then he uses a stethoscope to listen to the mower while he puts oil in it .	what does then he use ?	stethoscope
30956	She rolls the dough in plastic wrap before spreading it back out and cutting into shapes with cookie cutters .	where does she roll the dough before spreading it back out and cutting into shapes with cookie cutters . ?	wrap
30957	The cookies are baked and ready to frost with sprinkles and frosting .	what are baked and ready to frost with sprinkles and frosting ?	cookies
30960	The polished hands puts a piece of tape at the edge of a brown object .	what is the color of the object ?	brown
30962	The hand cuts the the polished tape in strips .	what does the hand cut in strips ?	tape
30968	The man removes the ironed shirt and places it on a hanger .	the man removes what and places it on a hanger ?	shirt
30969	The man gives the shirt one more quick ironing on a single spot then hangs the shirt on a rack .	what does the man give the shirt on a single spot then hangs the shirt on a rack ?	ironing
30969	The man gives the shirt one more quick ironing on a single spot then hangs the shirt on a rack .	how many more quick ironing does the man give the shirt on a single spot then hangs the shirt on a rack ?	one
30971	Another person is swimming in the pool .	where is another person swimming . ?	pool
30973	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
30975	We see screens with shoes on them .	what do we see with shoes on them ?	screens
30978	The lady adds a product to the shoes .	what does the lady add to the shoes ?	product
30979	The lady then wipes the product off with a towel .	what does the lady then wipe off with a towel ?	product
30981	We see the closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
30984	A man holding a long snow removing brush approaches a car and begins wiping snow off of the car at times gesturing wildly with his arms .	what is the man holding a long snow approaches and begins wiping snow off of the car at times gesturing wildly with his arms ?	car
30985	The man clears the entire car with snow , with the brush and a shovel before the scene cuts to a vehicle driving down the street in the snow .	what does the man clear with snow , with the brush and a shovel ?	car
30988	The dealer counts the money and gives the man chips .	the dealer counts what and gives the man chips ?	money
30988	The dealer counts the money and gives the man chips .	the dealer counts the money and gives the man what ?	chips
30991	Two men cheer and throw their fists in the air and the me laugh and cheer and walk .	how many men cheer and throw their fists in the air and the me laugh and cheer and walk ?	two
31005	The camera is then seen moving around a room , walking down stairs and following the young girl .	what is then seen moving around the room , walking down stairs and following the young girl ?	camera
31007	Two men play games of rock paper scissors in front of a referee .	how many men play games of rock paper scissors in front of a referee ?	two
31011	He picks up a rubiks cube and completes it .	he picks up what and completes it ?	cube
31013	A boat is seen riding along the water with a person riding on skis behind .	what is seen riding along the water with a person riding on skis behind ?	boat
31016	More pictures are shown on the screen of people and lotions as well as steps on how to use it properly .	what are shown on the screen of people and lotions as well as steps on how to use it properly ?	pictures
31017	We see a young man speaking in a news studio .	where do we see a young man speaking . ?	studio
31022	We see three newscasters in the studio .	how many newscasters do we see in the studio ?	three
31022	We see three newscasters in the studio .	where do we see three newscasters . ?	studio
31025	The groomer sprays the brown dog .	what does the groomer spray ?	dog
31025	The groomer sprays the brown dog .	what is the color of the dog ?	brown
31026	The dog runs around the shop .	what runs around the shop ?	dog
31027	The groomer bushes the brown dog .	what does the groomer bush ?	dog
31027	The groomer bushes the brown dog .	what is the color of the dog ?	brown
31028	We see three men in a field cutting tall grass with a scythe .	how many men do we see in a field cutting tall grass with a scythe ?	three
31036	The man stops the camel and gets the other person off while climbing back on .	the man stops what and gets the other person off while climbing back on ?	camel
31037	A camera zooms in on a large truck that shows a person walking around from behind as well as another .	what zooms in on the large truck that shows a person walking around from behind as well as another ?	camera
31040	A logo fro a company pops up on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
31041	A man in a yellow jacket and orange helmet is shown ocean kayaking .	what is the man in a yellow jacket and orange helmet shown ?	kayaking
31052	A young boy is at a party holding a stick and hitting a pinata .	what is the young boy at a party holding and hitting a pinata ?	stick
31052	A young boy is at a party holding a stick and hitting a pinata .	what is the young boy at a party holding a stick and hitting ?	pinata
31055	A rough ocean has large white capped waves and a sailboat traversing through it .	what is the color of the waves ?	white
31056	The sailboat goes over the top of large waves and lands with a splash .	what goes over the top of large waves and lands with a splash ?	sailboat
31057	The boat maneuvers and is tilted sideways as it goes over waves .	what maneuvers and is tilted sideways as it goes over waves ?	boat
31059	The camera focuses on several men watching her .	what focuses on several men watching her ?	camera
31061	The camera captures the reaction of the members of the audience .	what captures the reaction of the members of the audience ?	camera
31062	The camera captures more reaction shots from the audience .	what captures more reaction shots from the audience ?	camera
31066	Two boys play ping pong in a gym and one of the boys use a Nunchaku as a racket t o play and make tricks .	how many boys play ping pong in a gym ?	two
31066	Two boys play ping pong in a gym and one of the boys use a Nunchaku as a racket t o play and make tricks .	where do two boys play ping pong and one of the boys use a nunchaku as a racket t o play and make tricks . ?	gym
31070	A woman is holding a bottle of purple nail polish up to the camera .	what is the color of the nail ?	purple
31075	The bull rolls a barrel while the clown is behind it .	what rolls the barrel while the clown is behind it ?	bull
31079	The woman sprays the vehicle 's window with the bottle .	what did the woman spray window with the bottle ?	vehicle
31079	The woman sprays the vehicle 's window with the bottle .	what did the woman spray with the bottle ?	window
31080	The woman uses a towel to clean the window .	what does the woman use ?	towel
31084	A shuffleboard is shown in a room .	where is the shuffleboard shown . ?	room
31085	A man in a blue sweater throws a ball down the shuffleboard .	what does the man in a blue sweater throw down the shuffleboard ?	ball
31085	A man in a blue sweater throws a ball down the shuffleboard .	what is the color of the sweater ?	blue
31089	The lady paints the dresser while talking about it .	what does the lady paint while talking about it ?	dresser
31090	We see the painted end product .	what do we see ?	product
31092	An older video of bad quality begins to play and there are white words on red blocks that read `` Leichtathletik leicht gemacht Diskus '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
31092	An older video of bad quality begins to play and there are white words on red blocks that read `` Leichtathletik leicht gemacht Diskus '' .	what is the color of the blocks ?	red
31093	A group of people begin to walk in a room and they begin to play a game of Foosball .	where do the group of people begin to walk and they begin to play a game of foosball . ?	room
31103	A player holding a basketball dribbles the ball , run and jump to throw the ball in the basket several times .	where is the player holding a basketball dribbles the ball , run and jump to throw the ball several times . ?	basket
31116	A black screen appears and white words on the screen say `` The Black Widow Jeanette Lee Worlds Best Female Pool Player A Ron Hawks Video '' .	what appears and white words on the screen say `` the black widow jeanette lee worlds best female pool player a ron hawks video '' ?	screen
31116	A black screen appears and white words on the screen say `` The Black Widow Jeanette Lee Worlds Best Female Pool Player A Ron Hawks Video '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
31116	A black screen appears and white words on the screen say `` The Black Widow Jeanette Lee Worlds Best Female Pool Player A Ron Hawks Video '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
31117	An introduction graphic is seen with title .	what is introduction seen with title ?	graphic
31118	A large empty beach is seen seen from the shore .	what is seen seen from the shore ?	beach
31119	A bird is seen walking along the shoreline .	what is seen walking along the shoreline ?	bird
31128	The beach is seen from a distance as the sun has set .	what is seen from the distance as the sun has set ?	beach
31129	A man in a neon coat is driving a car with the camera on a stick outside the window .	what is the man in a neon coat driving with the camera on a stick outside the window ?	car
31133	They water ski on the frozen water path .	they water what on the frozen water path ?	ski
31136	A young man in white runs on the stage dancing .	what is the color of the man ?	white
31144	A yellow cloth , yellow and green sponge , and a cif creme cleaner is placed on the counter next to a shallow sink with silver drainer .	what is the color of the cloth ?	yellow
31145	A hand pour a drop of Cif creme , wiped it with the green side of the sponge , wiped it in circular motion , then wipe the counter with yellow cloth .	the hand pour a drop of cif creme , wiped it with the green side of the sponge , wiped it in circular motion , then wipe what with yellow cloth ?	counter
31145	A hand pour a drop of Cif creme , wiped it with the green side of the sponge , wiped it in circular motion , then wipe the counter with yellow cloth .	what is the color of the side ?	green
31145	A hand pour a drop of Cif creme , wiped it with the green side of the sponge , wiped it in circular motion , then wipe the counter with yellow cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	yellow
31149	A group of people in snow gear are shown snow boarding on snow covered snow slopes with visual emphasis shown to a particular snow boarder in a green coat .	what is the color of the coat ?	green
31151	A young boy stands outside , without a shirt , barefoot and jeans and mops a wooden ramp with a yellow mini mop .	the young boy stands outside , without a shirt , barefoot and jeans and mops what with a yellow mini mop ?	ramp
31151	A young boy stands outside , without a shirt , barefoot and jeans and mops a wooden ramp with a yellow mini mop .	what is the color of the mop ?	yellow
31157	A man paddles a surfboard with a baby on the board in front of him .	what does the man paddle with a baby on the board in front of him ?	surfboard
31162	The man in brown shirt is standing next to a pile of tennis ball while he is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	brown
31163	He played tennis ball with another person .	what did he play with another person ?	ball
31164	The man in purple shirt serve the ball while the black man hit the ball back .	what do the man in purple shirt serve ?	ball
31164	The man in purple shirt serve the ball while the black man hit the ball back .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
31164	The man in purple shirt serve the ball while the black man hit the ball back .	what is the color of the man ?	black
31165	A camera pans around an athletic field with various people warming up and holding sticks .	what pans around an athletic field with various people warming up and holding sticks ?	camera
31166	A girl holding a stick is spoken to by an instructor and she runs through and throws the pole .	the girl holding what is spoken to by an instructor and she runs through and throws the pole ?	stick
31166	A girl holding a stick is spoken to by an instructor and she runs through and throws the pole .	what is the girl holding a stick is spoken by an instructor and she runs through and throws ?	pole
31170	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31174	We see an ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31175	A dog is getting a bath outside .	what is getting the bath outside ?	dog
31192	Next he measures and levels the wall .	what does next he measure and levels ?	wall
31195	Next he hangs and apply s a white sheet to the wall .	what is the color of the sheet ?	white
31198	Next a dog jumps in front of a wall .	what does next jump in front of a wall ?	dog
31205	Individuals stand behind black platforms awaiting instructions .	what is the color of the platforms ?	black
31210	A girl holds up a white piece of paper and it has a drawing on it that is done in black ink .	what is the color of the piece ?	white
31210	A girl holds up a white piece of paper and it has a drawing on it that is done in black ink .	what is the color of the ink ?	black
31213	The pumpkin is now done being carved and it appears on a black screen with just the carved out area illuminating in an orange color .	what is now done being carved and it appears on a black screen with just the carved out area illuminating in an orange color ?	pumpkin
31213	The pumpkin is now done being carved and it appears on a black screen with just the carved out area illuminating in an orange color .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
31213	The pumpkin is now done being carved and it appears on a black screen with just the carved out area illuminating in an orange color .	what is the color of the color ?	orange
31214	The girl appears again holding up the white paper , runs out of the room and the screen goes back to black with just the pumpkin illuminating .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
31216	The man then lifts the bar up then back down and screams out loud .	the man then lifts what up then back down and screams out loud ?	bar
31217	The same clips is shown again immediately afterwards .	what is shown again immediately afterwards ?	clips
31220	man is sitting in a white room playing congas a bongos .	what is the color of the room ?	white
31220	man is sitting in a white room playing congas a bongos .	where is man sitting playing congas a bongos . ?	room
31221	fat man wearing glasses is sitting on a chair in a white room .	fat man wearing what is sitting on a chair in a white room ?	glasses
31221	fat man wearing glasses is sitting on a chair in a white room .	what is the color of the room ?	white
31223	woman is climbing a rock wall in a gym and a man is pulling the ropes .	what is woman climbing a rock wall in a gym and a man is pulling ?	ropes
31223	woman is climbing a rock wall in a gym and a man is pulling the ropes .	where is woman climbing a rock wall and a man is pulling the ropes . ?	gym
31225	A clip is shown of a person on a wake board riding on some waves and crashing into the water .	what is shown of the person on a wake board riding on some waves and crashing into the water ?	clip
31226	Several more clips are shown of people riding on the wake boards on the ocean waves gliding along .	what are shown of people riding on the wake boards on the ocean waves gliding along ?	clips
31227	A girl wearing a scarf is seen talking to the camera and begins mixing various ingredients into a bowl .	the girl wearing what is seen talking to the camera and begins mixing various ingredients into a bowl ?	scarf
31228	She places the batter into circles on separate pans and shows the cookies she made after they are done .	she places the batter into circles on separate pans and shows what ?	cookies
31232	There two men dressed Scottish kilts and attire standing in the courtyard .	how many men did there dress scottish kilts and attire standing in the courtyard ?	two
31232	There two men dressed Scottish kilts and attire standing in the courtyard .	where did two men dress scottish kilts and attire standing . ?	courtyard
31233	One of the men is playing the bagpipes and the other is playing the drums .	what is one of the men playing and the other is playing the drums ?	bagpipes
31233	One of the men is playing the bagpipes and the other is playing the drums .	what is one of the men playing the bagpipes and the other is playing ?	drums
31235	An empty poker table is shown followed by a woman dealing cards and speaking to the camera .	what is shown followed by the woman dealing cards and speaking to the camera ?	table
31237	A man is standing in a room .	where is the man standing . ?	room
31242	A woman and a man stands next a helicopter , then the helicopter fly .	what does the woman and a man stand , then the helicopter fly ?	helicopter
31242	A woman and a man stands next a helicopter , then the helicopter fly .	what does the woman and a man stand next a helicopter , then fly ?	helicopter
31243	People run dragging a large red kite through a field .	what is the color of the kite ?	red
31244	The kite is in the air and the kids are standing under it watching it .	what is in the air and the kids are standing under it watching it ?	kite
31245	The kite is in the air flying .	what is in the air flying ?	kite
31246	A man and a little girl and a boy are flying the kite and holding the base of it .	what are the man and a little girl and a boy flying and holding the base of it ?	kite
31249	A man is shown scrubbing up his hands in a sink while demonstrating the proper way to wash hands and dip them under the water .	where is the man shown scrubbing up his hands while demonstrating the proper way to wash hands and dip them under the water . ?	sink
31251	A car drives into a car wash bay .	what drives into the car wash bay ?	car
31252	The driver gets out and inserts money into a machine .	the driver gets out and inserts what into a machine ?	money
31253	The person then washes their car with a pressure washer .	what does the person then wash with a pressure washer ?	car
31258	A car is traveling through snow covered roads and trees before arriving at a cabin .	what is traveling through snow covered roads and trees before arriving at a cabin ?	car
31261	A diver is swimming under the blue water .	what is the color of the water ?	blue
31262	Two divers wearing their oxygen are under the water , they are holding onto the strong rope .	how many divers is wearing their oxygen are under the water ?	two
31264	The people are riding the white boat towards the ocean .	what is the color of the boat ?	white
31270	A man in a white shirt is holding a tool in his hand .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
31276	A person is clearing snow with a red snow plow .	what is the color of the plow ?	red
31281	she accidentally lets go , and the disc flies out behind her .	what does she accidentally let go , and flies out behind her ?	disc
31286	The man in front grabs the microphone .	what does the man in front grab ?	microphone
31289	They throw the ball trying to make the goal while the other team tries to block them .	what do they throw trying to make the goal while the other team tries to block them ?	ball
31298	Two people enter with a chair and bucket .	how many people enter with the chair and bucket ?	two
31299	A man in a white hat is holding a black ball and talking .	what is the man in a white hat holding and talking ?	ball
31299	A man in a white hat is holding a black ball and talking .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
31299	A man in a white hat is holding a black ball and talking .	what is the color of the ball ?	black
31301	A man in a white jacket is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
31305	Three teenage boys carry their skateboards up a paved park trail .	what do three teenage boys carry up a paved park trail ?	skateboards
31305	Three teenage boys carry their skateboards up a paved park trail .	how many teenage boys carry their skateboards up a paved park trail ?	three
31306	A camera mounted on the skateboard captures scenes of the young skaters cruising in different directions and performing different tricks .	what mounted on the skateboard captures scenes of the young skaters cruising in different directions and performing different tricks ?	camera
31307	A skateboarder in a green hoodie skates on a narrow dirt trail lined with trees .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	green
31308	Three people are seen standing on a sandy field and lead into one scoring a goal .	how many people are seen standing on the sandy field and lead into one scoring a goal ?	three
31311	A lady wipes lipstick off her face .	what does the lady wipe off her face ?	lipstick
31313	The lady stops and adjusts the camera .	what does the lady stop and adjusts ?	camera
31314	the camera move and we see a man next to the lady .	what move and we see a man next to the lady ?	camera
31315	the lady fixes her hair in the camera .	where did the lady fix her hair . ?	camera
31317	The camera pans around the man continuously as he continues to peel the potatoes and speak .	what pans around the man continuously as he continues to peel the potatoes and speak ?	camera
31319	She takes two puffs , exhales the smoke and a spark flies from the end of the tube .	how many puffs does she take ?	two
31321	Once he is finished , the hookah is given back to the girl and she starts to smoke .	what is , given back to the girl and she starts to smoke ?	hookah
31324	A young man is talking the the camera .	what is the young man talking ?	camera
31332	We see a black hair drying spinning on the screen .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
31342	As she continues , the dog comes and she shows the hair on the razor to the camera .	what does , come and she shows the hair on the razor to the camera ?	dog
31343	There are two students , a boy and a girl in a pole vault runway .	where are two students , a boy and a girl . ?	runway
31344	One of the students , a boy sprints with the pole on the runway while a person in blue the other student watch him perform .	what is the color of the student ?	blue
31347	Men are dressed in red suits and each are taking turns break dancing alone as words on the screen are possibly naming the dancer .	what is the color of the suits ?	red
31352	the lady then hula hoops with 300 hula hoops with will be a world record .	what will the lady then hula hoops with 300 hula hoops with be ?	record
31355	A woman paints the wall with a liquid .	what did the woman paint with a liquid ?	wall
31359	A title screen appears and then several paragraphs begin to roll over the screen .	what appears and then several paragraphs begin to roll over the screen ?	screen
31360	Next , a man with average sized curly black hair dressed in a suit begins to talk .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
31362	There 's a man wearing s white shirt playing the drum set in a room .	there 's a man wearing s what playing the drum set in a room ?	shirt
31362	There 's a man wearing s white shirt playing the drum set in a room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
31368	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31369	A shirtless man talks in a gym .	where does the shirtless man talk . ?	gym
31371	We see title screens with instructions .	what do we see with instructions ?	screens
31372	We see a lady jumping rope eleven different ways .	how many eleven do we see a lady jumping different ways ?	rope
31373	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31374	a river is shown and a car is a dust path .	what is shown and the car is a dust path ?	river
31374	a river is shown and a car is a dust path .	what is the river shown and is a dust path ?	car
31378	Two girls are seen walking in a photograph in baseball uniforms .	how many girls are seen walking in the photograph in baseball uniforms ?	two
31380	A red handball is rolled to a kicker during a kickball match who kicks it into the outfield for a run .	what is rolled to the kicker during a kickball match who kicks it into the outfield for a run ?	handball
31380	A red handball is rolled to a kicker during a kickball match who kicks it into the outfield for a run .	what is the color of the handball ?	red
31381	Another man in tshirt and black sweats kicks a ball and runs around the bases trying to avoid being tagged with the ball .	another man in tshirt and black sweats kicks what and runs around the bases trying to avoid being tagged with the ball ?	ball
31390	The woman in red top is standing .	what is the color of the top ?	red
31396	A girl and a man are inside a high structure wearing bungee jumping equipment .	the girl and a man are inside a high structure wearing what ?	bungee
31405	We see a blue intro screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31405	We see a blue intro screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
31409	Another title screen is shown and we see the credits .	what is shown and we see the credits ?	screen
31410	Two boys are sitting in a booth inside a building .	how many boys are sitting in the booth inside a building ?	two
31413	A girl does hula hoop spinning a hula ring around her neck , body and hands .	what does the girl do spinning a hula ring around her neck , body and hands ?	hoop
31422	A woman wearing a black shirt begins talking and then someone getting their legs waxed appears .	the woman wearing what begins talking and then someone getting their legs waxed appears ?	shirt
31422	A woman wearing a black shirt begins talking and then someone getting their legs waxed appears .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
31423	As she talks , a layer of wax if placed on the leg and then a white piece of paper .	what is the color of the piece ?	white
31427	The man cuts the tarp and begins putting mulch all around the tree .	the man cuts what and begins putting mulch all around the tree ?	tarp
31428	Two men sit across a table and begin an arm wrestling match .	how many men sit across the table and begin an arm wrestling match ?	two
31432	We see a chair with a pillow on it .	what do we see with a pillow on it ?	chair
31433	A man holding a cat sits down on the chair .	the man holding what sits down on the chair ?	cat
31434	The man clips the cats fingernails .	what does the man clip ?	fingernails
31435	The man strokes the cat 's head .	what does the man stroke head ?	cat
31437	The man stops the camera .	what does the man stop ?	camera
31439	The girl then rides down the slide smiling and walks away .	the girl then rides down what smiling and walks away ?	slide
31440	A clear bottle pours a drink into a cocktail glass .	what pours the drink into a cocktail glass ?	bottle
31440	A clear bottle pours a drink into a cocktail glass .	what does the clear bottle pour into a cocktail glass ?	drink
31441	A bartender picks up a stainless steel cup and scoops ice into it .	the bartender picks up what and scoops ice into it ?	cup
31442	The bartender pours liquors into a shot glass and dumps them into a cup .	the bartender pours what into a shot glass and dumps them into a cup ?	liquors
31443	The bartender caps the cup and shakes vigorously .	the bartender caps what and shakes vigorously ?	cup
31450	A person is carving a pumpkin .	what is the person carving ?	pumpkin
31451	We see two people side by side carving pumpkins .	how many people do we see side by side carving pumpkins ?	two
31453	We see five pumpkins on a couch and in the dark lit from the inside .	what do we see on a couch and in the dark lit from the inside ?	pumpkins
31453	We see five pumpkins on a couch and in the dark lit from the inside .	how many pumpkins do we see on a couch and in the dark lit from the inside ?	five
31454	We see a closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31456	Once they are on she stands up and walks around as the camera zooms in on her red painted toe nails .	what is the color of the nails ?	red
31457	A man in a blue costume throws something into the audience .	what is the color of the costume ?	blue
31458	He picks up a green can and takes a drink .	he picks up what and takes a drink ?	can
31458	He picks up a green can and takes a drink .	what is the color of the can ?	green
31461	The camera pans to show another man using an electric shoveling machine to clear show from his driveway .	what pans to show another man using an electric shoveling machine to clear show from his driveway ?	camera
31463	We see an animated opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31467	We see two men interviewed .	how many men do we see interviewed ?	two
31469	There 's a woman in a red sweater and white shirt and blue pants sitting in her living room on a brown leather sofa .	what is the color of the sweater ?	red
31469	There 's a woman in a red sweater and white shirt and blue pants sitting in her living room on a brown leather sofa .	what is the color of the sofa ?	brown
31472	She sprays the wooden table surface with the spray and then wipes it with the white paper towel .	she sprays what with the spray and then wipes it with the white paper towel ?	surface
31472	She sprays the wooden table surface with the spray and then wipes it with the white paper towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
31474	We see a man standing in a room .	where do we see a man standing . ?	room
31479	The screen then fades to black .	what then fades to black ?	screen
31479	The screen then fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
31480	A young man plays the violin on a sidewalk for people passing by in downtown area .	what does the young man play on a sidewalk for people passing by in downtown area ?	violin
31481	Two students walk by behind the musician while he plays .	how many students walk by behind the musician while he plays ?	two
31483	A man drops change in the musician 's cup after he plays .	where does the man drop change after he plays . ?	cup
31484	Two cheerleaders exercise in a gym while talking .	how many cheerleaders exercise in the gym while talking ?	two
31489	He starts doing karate moves on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
31491	First the young woman is sleeping in her bed , but then she wakes up to say something .	where is first the young woman sleeping , but then she wakes up to say something . ?	bed
31493	A young man puts detergent in a blue bucket , then shows and explains how to clean a screen windows using a squeegee .	what is the color of the bucket ?	blue
31494	After , the young man cleans the wet screen with a cloth .	what does after , the young man clean with a cloth ?	screen
31495	The young man compares a dirt screen with the clean one and gives a thump up .	the young man compares what with the clean one and gives a thump up ?	screen
31496	A camera pans around a fenced in area and leads into a man and his dog performing tricks with a frisbee .	what pans around the fenced in area and leads into a man and his dog performing tricks with a frisbee ?	camera
31499	A beach is seen from the distance and houses are seen on a hillside in a small beach town .	what is seen from the distance and houses are seen on a hillside in a small beach town ?	beach
31499	A beach is seen from the distance and houses are seen on a hillside in a small beach town .	what is the beach seen from the distance and are seen on a hillside in a small beach town ?	houses
31507	Two teams play water polo in the swimming pool while the reporter continues to interview people .	how many teams play water polo in the swimming pool while the reporter continues to interview people ?	two
31507	Two teams play water polo in the swimming pool while the reporter continues to interview people .	where do two teams play water polo while the reporter continues to interview people . ?	pool
31519	The woman in white sweater is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the sweater ?	white
31526	A girl enters a room where an acoustic guitar is leaning against a sofa and sits down on the sofa and begins to play the guitar .	the girl enters what and begins to play the guitar ?	room
31527	The girl uses her right hand to make beats with the guitar and picks chords with the left hand while staring intently at the guitar .	the girl uses her right hand and picks what with the left hand while staring intently at the guitar ?	chords
31535	Two kayak riders talk while sitting in their kayaks .	how many kayak riders talk while sitting in their kayaks ?	two
31537	Two people are standing in a kitchen .	how many people are standing in the kitchen ?	two
31537	Two people are standing in a kitchen .	where are two people standing . ?	kitchen
31540	We a man washing dishes in a restaurant kitchen with two other men standing behind him on massaging his shoulder .	what did we a man wash in a restaurant kitchen with two other men standing behind him on massaging his shoulder ?	dishes
31540	We a man washing dishes in a restaurant kitchen with two other men standing behind him on massaging his shoulder .	where did we a man wash dishes . ?	kitchen
31541	Teh dishwasher shakes the man off his shoulders .	what shakes the man off his shoulders ?	dishwasher
31545	One of the guys hits the ball over to the other side and they hit it back .	what does one of the guys hit over to the other side and they hit it back ?	ball
31549	woman grabbs the juice and liquor and and serve it in a cup .	where does woman grabbs the juice and liquor and and serve it . ?	cup
31550	woman is showing in a bar how to prepare a cocktail .	where is woman showing how to prepare a cocktail . ?	bar
31551	A man wearing a blue shirt walks to some congas and sit down .	the man wearing what walks to some congas and sit down ?	shirt
31551	A man wearing a blue shirt walks to some congas and sit down .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
31552	The musician begins to play the congas in a small room .	where does the musician begin to play the congas . ?	room
31553	The man then gets up and approaches the camera .	the man then gets up and approaches what ?	camera
31557	The sailboat continues to pull the woman and she balances perfectly on the surfs as she twists and turns and spins on the surfs .	what continues to pull the woman and she balances perfectly on the surfs as she twists and turns and spins on the surfs ?	sailboat
31564	A person throws a frisbee as a dog catches them .	what does the person throw ?	frisbee
31566	We see a title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31571	A little boy runs fast to his swing set and his dog runs after him .	what does the little boy run fast to his swing set and runs after him ?	dog
31572	He climbs up the slide and and slide and his little brother comes up to play too .	he climbs up what and and slide and his little brother comes up to play too ?	slide
31575	A camera pans around a room and leads into two women speaking and pulling out rock tiles .	what pans around the room and leads into two women speaking and pulling out rock tiles ?	camera
31579	A man in a green shirt mocks a cop and people laugh and clap .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
31580	The cop gives the man a Pepsi .	what does the cop give the man ?	pepsi
31582	The man drinks the Pepsi and we see the closing screen .	what does the man drink and we see the closing screen ?	pepsi
31582	The man drinks the Pepsi and we see the closing screen .	what does the man drink the pepsi and we see closing ?	screen
31583	A woman wearing a red leotard demonstrates a ballet move traveling toe move .	the woman wearing what demonstrates a ballet move traveling toe move ?	leotard
31583	A woman wearing a red leotard demonstrates a ballet move traveling toe move .	what is the color of the leotard ?	red
31587	Two young teenage girls hold soapsuds in their hands in a kitchen .	how many young teenage girls hold soapsuds in their hands in a kitchen ?	two
31587	Two young teenage girls hold soapsuds in their hands in a kitchen .	where do two young teenage girls hold soapsuds in their hands . ?	kitchen
31589	One girl hops on the shoulders of the other .	how many girl hops on the shoulders of the other ?	one
31592	They kick a ball , then try to chase it down .	what do they kick , then try to chase it down ?	ball
31594	a sea is shown with a green forest on seashore .	what is shown with the green forest on seashore ?	sea
31594	a sea is shown with a green forest on seashore .	what is the color of the forest ?	green
31605	She then holds a cup under a foam dispenser and remove sit when it 's filled up .	she then holds what under a foam dispenser and remove sit when it 's filled up ?	cup
31608	she puts the plate under the dispenser and she removes it and slowly pulls the circle off of the cake once she is done smoothing the paste .	what does she put under the dispenser and she removes it and slowly pulls the circle off of the cake once she is done smoothing the paste ?	plate
31608	she puts the plate under the dispenser and she removes it and slowly pulls the circle off of the cake once she is done smoothing the paste .	what does she put the plate under the dispenser and she removes it and slowly pulls off of the cake once she is done smoothing the paste ?	circle
31609	Then she uses a knife to put lines on the sides of the cake .	what does then she use ?	knife
31611	then she drizzles a little chocolate syrup on there .	what does then she drizzle on there ?	syrup
31626	The lady moves a platform to the left side of the bar .	what does the lady move to the left side of the bar ?	platform
31631	The girl back flips three times .	how many times does the girl back flip ?	three
31637	The girls steps forward and front flips and lands at the edge .	what forward and front flips and lands at the edge ?	steps
31638	The girl back flips three times off the bar and lands on a blue mat .	how many times does the girl back flip off the bar and lands on a blue mat ?	three
31638	The girl back flips three times off the bar and lands on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
31639	An eight year old girl is playing a harmonica on a stage .	how many year is an old girl playing a harmonica on a stage ?	eight
31640	The camera zooms in on the girl as the girl begins to play harder and harder , taking deeper and deeper breaths .	what zooms in on the girl as the girl begins to play harder and harder , taking deeper and deeper breaths ?	camera
31644	The man dries and applies product to the woman 's hair .	what does the man dry and applies to the woman 's hair ?	product
31647	He moves the sander all along the board and ends by showing it off to the camera .	he moves what all along the board and ends by showing it off to the camera ?	sander
31658	The guy in green shirt plays the drums .	what does the guy in green shirt play ?	drums
31658	The guy in green shirt plays the drums .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
31668	The earring is finally in and the girl begins to smile in approval and touches her other ear .	what is finally in and the girl begins to smile in approval and touches her other ear ?	earring
31669	Several clips are shown of athletes running down a large track into a pit of sand .	what are shown of athletes running down a large track into a pit of sand ?	clips
31671	Several clips are shown of athletes running down the track as well as jumping over beams and waving to the audience .	what are shown of athletes running down the track as well as jumping over beams and waving to the audience ?	clips
31673	One man then jumps on the table and crashes it to the floor while others run around and laugh .	how many man then jumps on the table and crashes it to the floor while others run around and laugh ?	one
31676	The people are being knocked off their surfboards .	what are the people being knocked off ?	surfboards
31678	A person is walking and holding a string tied to the camel 's face .	what is the person walking and holding tied to the camel 's face ?	string
31679	A light brown liquid is being poured into small glasses .	what is the color of the liquid ?	brown
31684	A white truck is seen in a driveway .	what is seen in the driveway ?	truck
31684	A white truck is seen in a driveway .	what is the color of the truck ?	white
31684	A white truck is seen in a driveway .	where is the white truck seen . ?	driveway
31687	A person People are using leaf blowers .	what are the person people using ?	blowers
31688	The camera pans to show the trees and the garden .	what pans to show the trees and the garden ?	camera
31690	A woman stands in bathroom and then places a contact lens into her eye .	the woman stands in bathroom and then places contact what into her eye ?	lens
31700	A girl hits a pinata blindfolded while the pinata goes up and down in a backyard .	what does the girl hit ?	blindfolded
31703	We see a question written on paper , then a man in a bike shop as he talks .	where do we see a question written on paper , then a man as he talks . ?	shop
31713	There are two players wearing a red and white shirt and the other wearing black and white shirt , playing racket ball in an indoor court with a few spectators .	how many players are there wearing a red and white shirt and the other wearing black and white shirt , playing racket ball in an indoor court with a few spectators ?	two
31713	There are two players wearing a red and white shirt and the other wearing black and white shirt , playing racket ball in an indoor court with a few spectators .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
31714	The player in red hits the ball with a front hand swing and his opponent leaps forward to return the ball .	what does the player in red hit with a front hand swing and his opponent leaps ?	ball
31716	The player in black misses one shot , but he immediately grabs the ball and they continue to play again .	how many shot does the player in black miss ?	one
31716	The player in black misses one shot , but he immediately grabs the ball and they continue to play again .	what is the color of the player ?	black
31719	Then they play five rounds continuously using back hand swings until the player in black misses a shot .	what do then they play ?	rounds
31719	Then they play five rounds continuously using back hand swings until the player in black misses a shot .	how many rounds do then they play continuously using back hand swings until the player in black misses a shot ?	five
31719	Then they play five rounds continuously using back hand swings until the player in black misses a shot .	what is the color of the misses ?	black
31720	Then they begin their final round where the player in black and white ends the final shot .	what do then they begin ?	round
31722	A girl gymnast in red sparkly leotard is doing gymnastics on a horse bar .	what is the color of the leotard ?	red
31722	A girl gymnast in red sparkly leotard is doing gymnastics on a horse bar .	where is the girl gymnast doing gymnastics on a horse bar . ?	leotard
31726	Two girls are seen standing on a gymnasium floor in front of a large crowd .	how many girls are seen standing on the gymnasium floor in front of a large crowd ?	two
31730	The balls go to a loop in the ground .	what go to the loop in the ground ?	balls
31732	Two women sweep a floor together as a ball glides behind them .	two women sweep what together as a ball glides behind them ?	floor
31732	Two women sweep a floor together as a ball glides behind them .	how many women is sweep a floor together as a ball glides behind them ?	two
31733	They sweep the floor again and one of the women stops for a second as her partner starts sweeping faster .	what does they sweep again and one of the women stops for a second as her partner starts sweeping faster ?	floor
31734	They sweep the floor again with one woman furiously sweeping towards the end as her partner stops for a second and looks up .	they sweep what again with one woman furiously sweeping towards the end as her partner stops for a second and looks up ?	floor
31738	There 's a man in a blue shirt and beige pants sitting in front yard on brown mulch talking about lawn and garden care .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
31738	There 's a man in a blue shirt and beige pants sitting in front yard on brown mulch talking about lawn and garden care .	what is the color of the mulch ?	brown
31739	He points to the brown mulch and the shrub near him as he explains the do 's and do n'ts about lawn care .	what is the color of the mulch ?	brown
31746	We see two opening title screens .	what do we see ?	screens
31746	We see two opening title screens .	how many opening title screens do we see ?	two
31749	The lady adds more soap .	what does the lady add ?	soap
31750	The lady rinses the dog and wraps in him in a mustard orange towel .	the lady rinses what and wraps in him in a mustard orange towel ?	dog
31752	The ending credits roll up the screen .	what do the ending credits roll up ?	screen
31754	The man mixes ingredients into a glass with fruit for several drinks while stopping to have a drink .	what does the man mix into a glass with fruit for several drinks ?	ingredients
31757	The man is shining a shoe .	what is the man shining ?	shoe
31767	Clips are then shown close up on how to perform proper swimming techniques while the camera interments with the woman speaking .	what are then shown close up on how to perform proper swimming techniques while the camera interments with the woman speaking ?	clips
31768	A man wearing a cowboy hat , sunglasses and yellow latex gloves is standing next to a horse in a stable .	what is the color of the gloves ?	yellow
31768	A man wearing a cowboy hat , sunglasses and yellow latex gloves is standing next to a horse in a stable .	where is the man wearing a cowboy hat , sunglasses and yellow latex gloves is standing . ?	stable
31769	He is using a blow dryer to dry the horse 's wet body .	what is he using blow ?	dryer
31770	He moves the blow dryer back and forth all over the horse 's back to dry it .	what does he move blow back and forth all over the horse 's back to dry it ?	dryer
31772	A painter demonstrates various art pieces in her studio .	what does the painter demonstrate in her studio ?	pieces
31772	A painter demonstrates various art pieces in her studio .	where does the painter demonstrate various art pieces . ?	studio
31773	She sits in her studio , speaking .	where does she sit , speaking . ?	studio
31774	She grabs a paintbrush and dips it into black paint repeatedly , as she paints a black tree .	she grabs what and dips it into black paint repeatedly , ?	paintbrush
31774	She grabs a paintbrush and dips it into black paint repeatedly , as she paints a black tree .	what is the color of the paint ?	black
31774	She grabs a paintbrush and dips it into black paint repeatedly , as she paints a black tree .	what is the color of the tree ?	black
31776	She moves on to grab the paintbrush and dips it into black paint repeatedly , and moves on to paint another tree .	what is the color of the paint ?	black
31777	With the same paint brush , this time dipping it into green paint , she paints the pines of three .	what is the color of the paint ?	green
31778	She finishes her painting and speaks for a bit .	she finishes what and speaks for a bit ?	painting
31779	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31781	Two men in red walk up the bleachers and one stops to talk to someone .	how many men in red walk up the bleachers and one stops to talk to someone ?	two
31783	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
31786	They are all seen sitting together and the man interviews the kids in a classroom .	where are they all seen sitting together and the man interviews the kids . ?	classroom
31787	Lawrence Welk is playing an accordion and directing his band .	what is lawrence welk playing and directing his band ?	accordion
31789	The band stands up to plan and the camera goes back and forth between the accordion players and the band .	what does the band stand up to plan and goes back and forth between the accordion players and the band ?	camera
31792	He slides the pieces off of the tire .	what does he slide off of the tire ?	pieces
31793	Finally he puts the hubcap back in place .	what does finally he put back in place ?	hubcap
31804	The two men shown begin water skiing .	how many men shown begin water skiing ?	two
31805	They lose their gopro device , and have to scuba to find it , taking more than two weeks to locate the still working device .	they lose what , and have to scuba to find it , ?	device
31806	A curtain is seen , and a belly dancer walks onto the stage .	what is seen , and the belly dancer walks onto the stage ?	curtain
31808	When she finishes , she throws her arms into the air and the screen goes black .	what does , she throw her arms into the air and goes black ?	screen
31811	The car drives down a dark black road with photoshopped objects popping up on either side .	what drives down the dark black road with photoshopped objects popping up on either side ?	car
31811	The car drives down a dark black road with photoshopped objects popping up on either side .	what is the color of the road ?	black
31814	A group of people play paintball on a grassy field with inflatable obstacles .	what do the group of people play on a grassy field with inflatable obstacles ?	paintball
31817	The words `` 1/3 Lauf '' appear .	how many lauf do the words `` '' appear ?	1/3
31828	In the end the camera pans around the new roof showing off it 's great results .	what does in the end pan around the new roof showing off it 's great results ?	camera
31829	A person is assembling a bike on a white cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
31830	They put on a blue apron and gloves .	what is the color of the apron ?	blue
31831	They put handle bars on the bike .	what did they put handle on the bike ?	bars
31832	two men are riding a water bike in a sea while a big wave is behind them .	how many men are riding the water bike in a sea while a big wave is behind them ?	two
31844	A girl is sitting and smoking cigarettes .	what is the girl sitting and smoking ?	cigarettes
31845	Johnny cash is playing in the background and she has a drink in her hand .	what is playing in the background and she has a drink in her hand ?	cash
31849	A woman stands on front a table with baby products , then the woman rolls up diapers and puts around a circular container with a ribbon .	what does the woman stand on front a table with baby products , then the woman rolls up and puts around a circular container with a ribbon ?	diapers
31850	After , the woman puts diapers around a folded towel with a ribbon .	what does after , the woman put around a folded towel with a ribbon ?	diapers
31851	Next , the woman fills the circular container with baby products and put on top the towel , a plush and a bottle .	next , the woman fills what with baby products and put on top the towel , a plush and a bottle ?	container
31852	A boy picks up a bowling ball and runs down the lane .	the boy picks up bowling what and runs down the lane ?	ball
31857	Two girls holding pom poms perform a dance routine in a gymnasium .	how many girls is holding pom poms perform a dance routine in a gymnasium ?	two
31859	The grab canes and continue spinning the canes while doing splits and various other dance moves .	what canes and continue spinning the canes while doing splits and various other dance moves ?	grab
31867	We see a lady washing a white towel in a sink .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
31868	The lady lifts the towel up .	what does the lady lift up ?	towel
31870	The lady wrings out the towel in the sink .	where does the lady wring out the towel . ?	sink
31872	We see a black screen with the intro .	what do we see with the intro ?	screen
31872	We see a black screen with the intro .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
31873	We see people in blue playing drums .	what is the color of the drums ?	blue
31874	A title screen appears and we see another team .	what appears and we see another team ?	screen
31875	Another title screen and a team with a man jumping a ribbon .	what is another title screen and a team with a man jumping ?	ribbon
31876	The title appears twice and we see a red team .	what is the color of the team ?	red
31877	The title screen returns and we see a team in purple .	what returns and we see a team in purple ?	screen
31882	He lassos a little calf .	what does he lasso ?	calf
31883	He dismounts , then ties the calf .	he dismounts , then ties what ?	calf
31891	A woman peels a potatoes in a rustic kitchen .	where does the woman peel a potatoes . ?	kitchen
31894	Two young man and a man play pool hitting white balls with a cue stick .	what is the color of the balls ?	white
31896	Then , the man puts the balls in a metal triangle and arrange others balls .	then , the man puts what in a metal triangle and arrange others balls ?	balls
31896	Then , the man puts the balls in a metal triangle and arrange others balls .	then , the man puts the balls in a metal triangle and arrange what ?	balls
31897	After , the young man strikes the white ball but immidiately stop it with the cue sticks .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
31898	Next , the young man strikes the balls and sends a white ball to a pocket .	next , the young man strikes what and sends a white ball to a pocket ?	balls
31898	Next , the young man strikes the balls and sends a white ball to a pocket .	next , the young man strikes the balls and sends what to a pocket ?	ball
31898	Next , the young man strikes the balls and sends a white ball to a pocket .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
31899	The man strikes a white ball and send balls in the pocket .	the man strikes what and send balls in the pocket ?	ball
31899	The man strikes a white ball and send balls in the pocket .	the man strikes a white ball and send what in the pocket ?	balls
31899	The man strikes a white ball and send balls in the pocket .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
31901	Three girls are standing together on a green floor talking with one another about a sport .	how many girls are standing together on the green floor talking with one another about a sport ?	three
31901	Three girls are standing together on a green floor talking with one another about a sport .	what is the color of the floor ?	green
31902	One person is then shown playing Field hockey and then comes back to talk about what she has just done .	how many person is then shown playing field hockey and then comes back to talk about what she has just done ?	one
31904	After , a screen appears with the question , `` What if the game is tied ?	what does after , appear with the question , `` what if the game is tied ?	screen
31907	People are paddling canoes in an indoor pool .	where are people paddling canoes . ?	pool
31908	A boy paddles a canoe .	what does the boy paddle ?	canoe
31909	The boy leans to the side , and the canoe flips over .	what does the boy lean to the side , and flips over ?	canoe
31926	The man continues to mow the lawn with his black lawn mower .	what is the color of the mower ?	black
31929	More clips are shown of people riding horses and kids wearing helmets .	what are shown of people riding horses and kids wearing helmets ?	clips
31933	Two lines of people stand over a long rope .	how many lines of people stand over a long rope ?	two
31934	Each line picks up the rope and starts playing tug rope while a large crowd watches .	each line picks up what and starts playing tug rope while a large crowd watches ?	rope
31935	The team wearing light blue shirts wins the round .	the team wearing what wins the round ?	shirts
31935	The team wearing light blue shirts wins the round .	what is the team wearing light blue shirts wins ?	round
31935	The team wearing light blue shirts wins the round .	what is the color of the shirts ?	blue
31938	The woman then grabs a pink sole from the shoe and pours baking soda all over the top .	the woman then grabs what from the shoe and pours baking soda all over the top ?	sole
31939	The woman grabs another pair of shoes , the right shoe is unlaced and the left shoe is laced and she 's holding onto them then puts them down .	what does the woman grab another pair of shoes , is unlaced and the left shoe is laced and she 's holding onto them then puts them down ?	shoe
31942	They get onto the yellow tubes and float along the water .	what is the color of the tubes ?	yellow
31958	The man rides into the pit and chases a calf with a rope .	the man rides into the pit and chases what with a rope ?	calf
31959	The man ties up the calf after it 's caught and climbs back on the horse while another unties the calf .	the man ties up what and climbs back on the horse ?	calf
31962	The camera is very shaky .	what is very shaky ?	camera
31966	A man in a blue shirt is walking in front of them .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
31967	An intro that 's a blue screen with white words that read `` MegaZip Sentosa dot Singapore dot November 2010 '' appear on the screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
31967	An intro that 's a blue screen with white words that read `` MegaZip Sentosa dot Singapore dot November 2010 '' appear on the screen .	what is the color of the words ?	white
31968	Four people appear near a railing where they are all attached to harnesses .	how many people appear near the railing where they are all attached to harnesses ?	four
31970	The blue outro appears and the words `` Sentosa MegaZip November 2010 The End '' are displayed .	what is the color of the outro ?	blue
31971	A young male dressed in an red jumpsuit is on the stage break dancing .	what is the color of the jumpsuit ?	red
31981	The girl then throws the rock and begins playing a game of hopscotch .	the girl then throws what and begins playing a game of hopscotch ?	rock
31986	The older members of the group hold up poles for the children dancing to swing from .	what do the older members of the group hold up for the children dancing to swing from ?	poles
31987	The hula hoop dancers get even more hoops for the finale .	what get even more hoops for the finale ?	dancers
31991	The man clips dead roses from a rose bush with shears .	what did the man clips dead roses from a rise with shears ?	bush
31995	Several pictures are shown of a woman standing by herself as well as with friends .	what are shown of the woman standing by herself as well as with friends ?	pictures
31997	More pictures are shown of her finishing the race as well as others .	what are shown of her finishing the race as well as others ?	pictures
31999	The camera changes like a box spinning .	what changes like the box spinning ?	camera
32002	The front of a large brown building with snow in front of it is shown .	what is the color of the building ?	brown
32003	In the inside , there is a ping pong table and two adult males begin walking towards each other .	in the inside , there is a ping pong table and how many adult males begin walking towards each other ?	two
32005	As the game progresses , more balls are added and they continue to play without missing one ball .	what are , added and they continue to play without missing one ball ?	balls
32010	A young boy is sitting up against the wall making a face as two people are standing in front of him .	the young boy is sitting up against the wall making a face as how many people are standing in front of him ?	two
32011	The girl on the left then takes a small tube of polish and begins to paints the boy 's nail with red glitter .	what is the color of the glitter ?	red
32013	A lighted jack-o-lantern comes into focus .	what comes into focus ?	jack-o-lantern
32014	The jack-o-lantern moves towards the camera .	what moves towards the camera ?	jack-o-lantern
32015	A young woman is talking very animatedly in front of a white wall .	what is the color of the wall ?	white
32018	The pumpkin is seen moving on it 's own on a table with a black tablecloth .	what is seen moving on it 's own on a table with a black tablecloth ?	pumpkin
32018	The pumpkin is seen moving on it 's own on a table with a black tablecloth .	what is the color of the tablecloth ?	black
32019	The pumpkin spins around showing some cartoon faces .	what spins around showing some cartoon faces ?	pumpkin
32021	The pumpkin is replaced with other objects one at a time , a knife , a spoon , a candle , etc. .	what is replaced with other objects one at a time , a knife , a spoon , a candle , etc. ?	pumpkin
32022	The woman is wearing a sticker of a mustache on her face and draws on the small pumpkin with a black felt pen .	what is the color of the pen ?	black
32023	The woman holds a knife and begins carving the pumpkin along the lines she drew .	the woman holds what and begins carving the pumpkin along the lines she drew ?	knife
32024	The woman scoops out the pumpkin seeds with a spoon and puts the seeds in a Halloween themed paper cup .	the woman scoops out the pumpkin seeds with a spoon and puts what in a halloween themed paper cup ?	seeds
32029	The lighted jack-o-lantern is seen once again moving on it 's own on the black table .	what is seen once again moving on it 's own on the black table ?	jack-o-lantern
32029	The lighted jack-o-lantern is seen once again moving on it 's own on the black table .	what is the color of the table ?	black
32034	The man puts his tools away in the shed and carries away a bag of leaves .	the man puts what away in the shed and carries away a bag of leaves ?	tools
32036	A man , wearing only work out shorts , wipes sweat from his brown and leans against a wall .	what is the color of the sweat ?	brown
32037	A fit woman 's body in a white bikini exhibits as a woman and a man in work out clothes appear working out on elliptical machines .	what is the color of the bikini ?	white
32038	A group of female in a big studio are wearing black , they are in a formation , then the man in black vest and white pants walked at the center .	what is the color of the vest ?	black
32038	A group of female in a big studio are wearing black , they are in a formation , then the man in black vest and white pants walked at the center .	what is the color of the pants ?	white
32043	A girl in a grey t-shirt demonstrates how to braid your hair and shows a step by step process .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	gray
32045	The hair stylist shows the finished product while dresses in a black top and sunglasses .	what does the hair stylist show while dresses in a black top and sunglasses ?	product
32045	The hair stylist shows the finished product while dresses in a black top and sunglasses .	what is the color of the top ?	black
32049	A man is sitting in a barber chair .	where is the man sitting . ?	chair
32053	A camera pans all around a lake and trees an leads into people pulling a rope along .	what pans all around a lake and trees an leads into people pulling a rope along ?	camera
32054	A man ties the rope into place and shows several clips of people hanging on the rope as well as walking .	the man ties what into place and shows several clips of people hanging on the rope as well as walking ?	rope
32055	More clips are shown of people walking along the rope as well as more landscapes .	what are shown of people walking along the rope as well as more landscapes ?	clips
32057	He puts the pipe away and takes a swing out of an energy drink .	he puts what away and takes a swing out of an energy drink ?	pipe
32058	He moves the camera to show another man and continues smoking the hookah next to the other man .	he moves what and continues smoking the hookah next to the other man ?	camera
32060	A group of people are in a high school gym .	where are the group of people . ?	gym
32069	The girls twirl scarfs around , then the boys pick them up to finish .	what scarfs around , then the boys pick them up to finish ?	twirl
32072	The man and the two ladies laugh and cheer and he high fives one lady .	how many lady does he high fives ?	one
32074	There is a young man dressed in a black shirt going round in circles to show his hair from the front and back .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
32078	He uses a black comb and scissors to point cut his hair .	he uses what and scissors to point cut his hair ?	comb
32078	He uses a black comb and scissors to point cut his hair .	what is the color of the comb ?	black
32088	Two men are in the circle demonstrating a martial art .	how many men are in the circle demonstrating a martial art ?	two
32089	Several men in the circle play an instrument .	what do several men in the circle play ?	instrument
32090	A hair dresser is cutting a mans hair , starting at the top .	what is cutting the mans hair , starting at the top ?	dresser
32093	Finally using the comb to style it a bit and give it finishing touches .	finally using what to style it a bit and give it finishing touches ?	comb
32094	two guys appears in a backyard and are speaking to the camera .	how many guys appears in the backyard and are speaking to the camera ?	two
32097	they are playing round two o rock paper scissors and again the loser is fiven a wooden hit in the nuts and a man is talking to the camera .	what are they playing round two o rock and again the loser is fiven a wooden hit in the nuts and a man is talking to the camera ?	scissors
32097	they are playing round two o rock paper scissors and again the loser is fiven a wooden hit in the nuts and a man is talking to the camera .	how many o rock are they playing round paper scissors ?	two
32100	They run down a runway holding a pole and vault over a bar .	what do they run down holding a pole and vault over a bar ?	runway
32104	A small dog is playing with a pink frisbee .	what is playing with the pink frisbee ?	dog
32105	A man in a white shirt and red shorts lays down and puts his feet in the air .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
32105	A man in a white shirt and red shorts lays down and puts his feet in the air .	what is the color of the shorts ?	red
32106	The dog stands on top of the mans feet .	what stands on top of the mans feet ?	dog
32114	A couple of boys are riding skateboards .	what are the couple of boys riding ?	skateboards
32120	man is in street skating and showing pictures of the skates .	where is man skating and showing pictures of the skates . ?	street
32126	A man is opening his back door to let a little girl outside .	what is the man opening ?	door
32129	A dog enters the scene and the little girl jumps with happiness .	what enters the scene and the little girl jumps with happiness ?	dog
32140	We see a dart board swinging gently .	what do we see swinging gently ?	board
32141	Two darts , one red , one green hit the board .	how many darts , one red , one green hit the board ?	two
32143	The screen fades to black and we see the end credits .	what fades to black and we see the end credits ?	screen
32143	The screen fades to black and we see the end credits .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
32145	The man then swings the hula hoop all around himself while walking to the camera .	what does the man then swing all around himself ?	hoop
32159	A close up a chair is shown while the camera pans out backwards and text moves across the screen .	what is the close up shown while the camera pans out backwards and text moves across the screen ?	chair
32160	The camera follows closely into the chair and leads into a woman sitting comfortable on the chair .	what follows closely into the chair and leads into a woman sitting comfortable on the chair ?	camera
32163	We see a speedboat speeding through a lake and a man jet skiing behind it .	what do we see speeding through a lake and a man jet skiing behind it ?	speedboat
32164	The screen flashes black and we see more jet skiing .	what flashes black and we see more jet skiing ?	screen
32164	The screen flashes black and we see more jet skiing .	what does the screen flash black and we see ?	skiing
32165	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
32166	A young man named Sean wearing a beanie hat and black earring studs .	what is the color of the studs ?	black
32174	Two people are seen fixing up a car and changing the tires on a vehicle .	how many people are seen fixing up the car and changing the tires on a vehicle ?	two
32177	A teen spins holding a disc in his right hand , then the girl throws the disc while competing in a stadium .	what does the teen spin , then the girl throws while competing in a stadium ?	disc
32180	A man in the track raise a white flag on his right arm .	what is the color of the flag ?	white
32182	A man holds a white and a red flags .	what is the color of the man ?	white
32182	A man holds a white and a red flags .	what is the color of the flags ?	red
32183	The gymnast runs in the track until a white line , and jumps to perform the long jump .	what is the color of the line ?	white
32186	A man in a vest is sitting in a boat .	where is the man sitting in a boat . ?	vest
32188	The boat begins to pull him in the water as he begins water skiing .	what begins to pull him in the water as he begins water skiing ?	boat
32190	girls are sitting in a rom and boys are standing behind them boys starts comb the hair .	where are girls sitting and boys are standing behind them boys starts comb the hair . ?	rom
32191	woman wearing blue sweater crawl on all fours .	what is the color of the crawl ?	blue
32198	A man in a funny blue vest is shown as the next player to take a shot .	what is the color of the vest ?	blue
32198	A man in a funny blue vest is shown as the next player to take a shot .	where is the man shown as the next player to take a shot . ?	vest
32200	He shoots and hits the blue ball in the corner right pocket .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
32200	He shoots and hits the blue ball in the corner right pocket .	where does he shoot and hits the blue ball . ?	pocket
32202	The women then mix the ingredients into a pot after the noodles are cooked and then mix everything together in a bowl .	the women then mix what into a pot and then mix everything together in a bowl ?	ingredients
32203	Finally the dish is shown on a plate in the end and the women eat the food .	what is finally shown on the plate in the end and the women eat the food ?	dish
32204	black dog is walking in a treadmill in a white room .	what is walking in the treadmill in a white room ?	dog
32204	black dog is walking in a treadmill in a white room .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
32204	black dog is walking in a treadmill in a white room .	what is the color of the room ?	white
32205	dog is running in the treadmill that is next to a drawer .	what is running in the treadmill that is next to a drawer ?	dog
32206	dog is wearing a red necklace and is doing exercise .	what is wearing the red necklace and is doing exercise ?	dog
32206	dog is wearing a red necklace and is doing exercise .	dog is wearing what and is doing exercise ?	necklace
32206	dog is wearing a red necklace and is doing exercise .	what is the color of the necklace ?	red
32211	A young man is seen putting a piece of wood onto a bark and holds up an axe .	the young man is seen and holds up what ?	axe
32217	Next , then woman put a new nozzle to clean narrow surfaces .	what did next , then woman put ?	nozzle
32219	We see two girls representing China standing on diving boards above an Olympic size pool and dive in unison and we see their scores .	how many girls do we see representing china standing on diving boards above an olympic size pool and dive in unison ?	two
32220	We then see two girls representing the USA dive in unison and see their scores .	we then see how many girls representing the usa dive in unison and see their scores ?	two
32221	Next are two girls representing Italy diving and scores are shown .	how many girls are next representing italy diving ?	two
32223	A woman wearing an apron is talking and picks up a bucket with supplies in it .	the woman wearing what is talking and picks up a bucket with supplies in it ?	apron
32224	She grabs a brush and cleans a window .	she grabs a brush and cleans what ?	window
32225	She grabs a squeegee and removes the excess water from the window .	she grabs what and removes the excess water from the window ?	squeegee
32227	A person in a green jacket is snowboarding while holding a camera in front of them .	what is the color of the jacket ?	green
32235	A person explains how to play squash holding a racket and a blue ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
32237	A bike is seen outside a building .	what is seen outside the building ?	bicycle
32241	A camera is seen panning around a large lake followed by a person riding by on skis behind a jet ski .	what is seen panning around the large lake followed by a person riding by on skis behind a jet ski ?	camera
32242	Two people are seen riding behind the jet ski and continuing to move along the water .	how many people are seen riding behind the jet ski and continuing to move along the water ?	two
32247	Two men are outside talking to one another and they begin doing arm stretches .	how many men are outside talking to one another ?	two
32253	We see a titles screen .	what do we see ?	screen
32257	The lady puts oil on her cuticles and we see the finished product .	what does the lady put oil on her cuticles and we see ?	product
32258	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
32259	This woman is shown playing the black harmonica .	what is the color of the harmonica ?	black
32261	People fly kites from a rooftop holding kite string pools .	what do people fly from a rooftop holding kite string pools ?	kites
32262	Several kites fly in the sky .	what fly in the sky ?	kites
32263	A man holds a kite string pool while flying a kite .	what does the man hold while flying a kite ?	pool
32266	Two teams play a game of indoor soccer .	how many teams play the game of indoor soccer ?	two
32267	Players from the white team dribble and pass the ball all the way down field and make a goal .	what is the color of the team ?	white
32268	Players from the blue team dribble and pass all the way down field and make a goal .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
32269	A member of the blue team battles two defenders near goal and makes a point .	the member of the blue team battles how many defenders near goal and makes a point ?	two
32269	A member of the blue team battles two defenders near goal and makes a point .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
32271	Two women are smoking a hookah while seated on a couch .	how many women are smoking the hookah while seated on a couch ?	two
32285	A man holds liquor in front of a horses mouth , We see the newscaster again .	what does the man hold in front of a horses mouth , we see the newscaster again ?	liquor
32289	A shirtless man scrapes roofing gravel using a shovel .	what does the shirtless man scrap using a shovel ?	gravel
32289	A shirtless man scrapes roofing gravel using a shovel .	the shirtless man scrapes roofing gravel using what ?	shovel
32298	In one instance , the boat begins to tip to the side and the people jump in joy that it did n't tip over as the horrid weather continues .	what does in one instance , begin to tip to the side and the people jump in joy that it did n't tip over as the horrid weather continues ?	boat
32303	A man in orange stop is skateboarding in the dark street and fell on the ground .	what is the color of the stop ?	orange
32304	A man in black shirt skateboard down the wide road and fell on the side of the road , the man showed his bleeding cuts in front of the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
32305	A the skateboarders are falling off their skateboards .	what are the the skateboarders falling off ?	skateboards
32307	Two boys are seen hitting a ball into the net .	how many boys are seen hitting the ball into the net ?	two
32313	The camera returns to the man in blue being interviewed , with short cheerleader action sequences .	what returns to the man in blue being interviewed , with short cheerleader action sequences ?	camera
32314	The camera returns to the first individual interviewed , with short cheerleader action sequences .	what returns to the first individual interviewed , with short cheerleader action sequences ?	camera
32317	A girl is standing in her bathroom making giggly faces while holding a cup .	where is the girl standing making giggly faces while holding a cup . ?	bathroom
32323	The camera man opens a door and watches a woman leaving forward in a tub .	what opens the door and watches a woman leaving forward in a tub ?	man
32323	The camera man opens a door and watches a woman leaving forward in a tub .	the camera man opens what and watches a woman leaving forward in a tub ?	door
32331	The princess then hands a box to one of the players and stands near several others holding a trophy .	what does the princess then hand to one of the players and stands near several others holding a trophy ?	box
32333	A woman in a black shirt is sitting in a room talking to a camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
32343	A woman uses a NordicTrack exercise machine .	what does the woman use exercise ?	machine
32344	The exercise machine is shown by itself .	what is exercise shown by itself ?	machine
32345	The woman uses the machine again .	what does the woman use again ?	machine
32346	The machine 's digital display controls are shown .	what digital display controls are shown ?	machine
32349	Four people prepare to skateboard down a slope .	how many people prepare to skateboard down the slope ?	four
32350	The four individuals skateboard down the slope together or alone as spectators watch .	how many individuals skateboard down the slope together or alone as spectators watch ?	four
32351	The camera pans over background scenery .	what pans over background scenery ?	camera
32353	The four individuals engage in more skateboarding down the slope .	how many individuals engage in more skateboarding down the slope ?	four
32355	Two children twirl on a tire swing .	how many children twirl on the tire swing ?	two
32360	He is putting red contacts in his eyes .	what is the color of the contacts ?	red
32363	Several clips are shown of various girls performing gymnastics tricks on a large mat .	what are shown of various girls performing gymnastics tricks on a large mat ?	clips
32368	man is standing in a room holding a bow and talking to another man .	where is man standing holding a bow and talking to another man . ?	room
32369	manis practicing shots with a bow to a board in a large field .	what are practicing shots with a bow to a board in a large field ?	manis
32370	A man in black jacket holds a friend in both arms .	what is the color of the jacket ?	black
32371	The friend wearing a rope puts out her arms in preparation .	the friend wearing what puts out her arms in preparation ?	rope
32373	A woman in black jacket sits on a ramp and is pushed down by friends .	what is the color of the jacket ?	black
32378	A point of view of a person shows himself sitting in a sled holding hands of two children in sleds .	where does the point of view of a person show himself sitting holding hands of two children in sleds . ?	sled
32380	A man is standing in a weight room with multiple screens on and computers on it .	where is the man standing . ?	room
32383	A bird is sitting on a bar over a bath tub .	what is sitting on the bar over a bath tub ?	bird
32384	A dog is in the bathtub getting a shower .	what is in the bathtub getting a shower ?	dog
32385	A person is rubbing soap into the dogs fur .	what is the person rubbing into the dogs fur ?	soap
32386	The dog shakes itself off .	what shakes itself off ?	dog
32390	Two men are in an alley .	how many men are in an alley ?	two
32390	Two men are in an alley .	where are two men . ?	alley
32393	There are also several buildings .	what are there also ?	buildings
32394	A man rides a bicycle behind three men who are running in a professional race on a paved freeway lined with onlookers , spectators and participants .	what does the man rid behind three men who are running in a professional race on a paved freeway lined with onlookers , spectators and participants ?	bicycle
32395	A man is riding a bicycle down a freeway wearing a helmet and sporting a paper tag on the front of the bicycle .	what is the man riding ?	bicycle
32396	The men turn a bend while jogging and an onlooker starts clapping for them from behind .	what do the men turn ?	bend
32397	Groups of people bowl games in a bowling alley .	where do groups of people bowl games . ?	alley
32402	Three men are seen speaking and waving to the camera that leads into the men playing games with strangers on the street .	how many men are seen speaking and waving to the camera that leads into the men playing games with strangers on the street ?	three
32408	As a red cut scene passes a young man in a blue shirt is seen concentrating .	what is the color of the scene ?	red
32408	As a red cut scene passes a young man in a blue shirt is seen concentrating .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
32411	Afterwards another young man in a blue shirt repeats the same move as the white team looks on .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
32411	Afterwards another young man in a blue shirt repeats the same move as the white team looks on .	what is the color of the team ?	white
32412	Finally as spectators look on , a member of the white team releases a rock stone and two men from the team use brooms to clear the path .	what is the color of the team ?	white
32416	A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as several shots of a bowling alley and him bowling a ball .	what is the man seen and him bowling ?	ball
32418	A man is sitting in a barber chair .	where is the man sitting . ?	chair
32422	A car drives through a street and then shows as being parked at which a man approaches the car holding a lug nut removal tool .	what drives through the street and then shows as being parked at which a man approaches the car holding a lug nut removal tool ?	car
32423	The man removes the lug nuts and then jacks the car up .	the man removes what and then jacks the car up ?	nuts
32423	The man removes the lug nuts and then jacks the car up .	the man removes the lug nuts and then jacks what up ?	car
32424	The man then removes the tire and pulls a spare tire off of the back of the car .	the man then removes what and pulls a spare tire off of the back of the car ?	tire
32424	The man then removes the tire and pulls a spare tire off of the back of the car .	the man then removes the tire and pulls what off of the back of the car ?	tire
32427	The girl misses a monkey bar and then looses her grip and falls to the ground .	the girl misses what and then looses her grip and falls to the ground ?	bar
32435	A man dressed in a black wife-beater is near a fluorescent wall glass and is talking .	what is the color of the wife-beater ?	black
32436	As he is talking , several clips appear in between him where he is in a room with three walls and glass as the fourth wall while playing wall ball .	what do , appear in between him where he is in a room with three walls and glass as the fourth wall while playing wall ball ?	clips
32441	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
32443	The lady puts tape on her finger around her nail and puts clear and white polish on them .	the lady puts what on her finger around her nail and puts clear and white polish on them ?	tape
32445	The lady puts her nail in the cup and uses a stick to remove the polish .	the lady puts her nail in the cup and uses what ?	stick
32447	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
32450	A girl stands and talks in a public restroom .	where does the girl stand and talks . ?	restroom
32451	The girl goes into a stall and closes the door .	the girl goes into a stall and closes what ?	door
32462	Two people start fighting in the circle .	how many people start fighting in the circle ?	two
32465	The camera does a closeup on each member .	what does the closeup on each member ?	camera
32477	She picks up a red brush and begins brushing her hair .	what is the color of the brush ?	red
32480	He pulls a bar in front of him and starts working out .	he pulls what in front of him and starts working out ?	bar
32481	He drops the bar and finishes .	he drops what and finishes ?	bar
32488	Multiple pictures flash across the screen .	what flash across the screen ?	pictures
32493	Several clips are shown of people playing soccer in front of a large stadium .	what are shown of people playing soccer in front of a large stadium ?	clips
32494	The people kick a ball all around the area as well as throw their hands up .	the people kick what all around the area as well as throw their hands up ?	ball
32498	More clips are shown of people hanging up the wallpaper as well as shots of the city .	what are shown of people hanging up the wallpaper as well as shots of the city ?	clips
32500	The man begins talking to another male who has a red wrap on his head .	what is the color of the wrap ?	red
32501	The camel then lifts up and begins walking throughout the desert towards a group of kids and cars .	what then lifts up and begins walking throughout the desert towards a group of kids and cars ?	camel
32502	A man is tying a yellow belt around the waist of a taller man who shakes his hand and then shakes everyone else .	what is the man tying around the waist of a taller man who shakes his hand and then shakes everyone else ?	belt
32502	A man is tying a yellow belt around the waist of a taller man who shakes his hand and then shakes everyone else .	what is the color of the belt ?	yellow
32506	Two large men are seen standing in a pit surrounded by others and one ref standing in the middle .	how many large men are seen standing in the pit surrounded by others and one ref standing in the middle ?	two
32509	A person in a yellow cap is swimming in a swimming pool .	what is the color of the cap ?	yellow
32509	A person in a yellow cap is swimming in a swimming pool .	where is the person in a yellow cap swimming . ?	pool
32510	A person in a white shirt is talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
32515	A man riding a horse and swinging a rope around is seen chasing after a calf and eventually grabbing the animal with his rope .	the man riding what and swinging a rope around is seen chasing after a calf and eventually grabbing the animal with his rope ?	horse
32515	A man riding a horse and swinging a rope around is seen chasing after a calf and eventually grabbing the animal with his rope .	the man riding a horse and swinging what around is seen chasing after a calf and eventually grabbing the animal with his rope ?	rope
32516	He holds the calf down and another man comes out to help the man tie up the calf .	what does he hold down and another man comes out to help the man tie up the calf ?	calf
32522	The kayak is overturned in the river .	what is overturned in the river ?	kayak
32526	We see the kayak overturned and we then see the river running .	what do we see and we then see running ?	river
32527	We see the ending screens .	what do we see ?	screens
32531	We see an animated opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
32537	The man finishes , grabs his shirt , and walks off .	the man finishes , grabs what , and walks off ?	shirt
32542	We see two opening screens for poker at a casino .	what do we see for poker at a casino ?	screens
32542	We see two opening screens for poker at a casino .	how many opening screens do we see for poker at a casino ?	two
32544	We see a large jackpot sign .	what do we see ?	sign
32557	We see a large white mound of snow .	what is the color of the mound ?	white
32558	The person in the blue shirt looks up the mountain .	what does the person in the blue shirt look up ?	mountain
32558	The person in the blue shirt looks up the mountain .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
32559	We see a blue bar at the bottom of the screen .	what do we see at the bottom of the screen ?	bar
32559	We see a blue bar at the bottom of the screen .	what is the color of the bar ?	blue
32560	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
32565	A 3d mop shows how it works with a woman also moping up things on her floor .	what shows how it works with a woman also moping up things on her floor ?	mop
32568	The two create a hop scotch game with the toy and lay it down on the ground and show off the foam .	the two create hop what with the toy and lay it down on the ground and show off the foam ?	game
32568	The two create a hop scotch game with the toy and lay it down on the ground and show off the foam .	the two create a hop scotch game with the toy and lay it down on the ground and show off what ?	foam
32573	Then , the person puts the camera down and begins working out on the track .	then , the person puts what down and begins working out on the track ?	camera
32578	The blue team scores a goal first and then people start clapping and cheering .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
32579	Next the blue team scores another one again and the crowd goes wild .	what is the color of the scores ?	blue
32583	a man is driving a car through a window .	what is the man driving through a window ?	car
32587	A woman in a black shirt is standing under her watching .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
32590	Then , the gymnast approach the pommel horse to spin around many times .	what do then , the gymnast approach ?	horse
32593	He uses a large knife to cut through the grass .	what does he use ?	knife
32594	He swings the knife back and forth , cutting the grass and weeds .	he swings what back and forth , and weeds ?	knife
32598	A boy in a green shirt steps on a stool to reach the sink .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
32600	The little boy washes his hands in the sink .	where does the little boy wash his hands . ?	sink
32604	The woman then presents various tools and begins taking off the tire off of the car .	the woman then presents what and begins taking off the tire off of the car ?	tools
32605	She pulls out a new tire and places it on the car , screwing it in place and showing where the tire is in the trunk .	she pulls out what and places it on the car , screwing it in place and showing where the tire is in the trunk ?	tire
32606	She closes the trunk and shows off the car while still speaking to the camera .	she closes what and shows off the car while still speaking to the camera ?	trunk
32606	She closes the trunk and shows off the car while still speaking to the camera .	she closes the trunk and shows off what ?	car
32611	me are in a street court playing dodgeball wearing dodgers uniform , people are watching the game and cars are passing by in the street .	what are me in a street court playing dodgeball wearing dodgers uniform , people are watching the game and are passing by in the street ?	cars
32612	men wearing dodgers uniform are shown in pictures in a baseball field people on the terraces and the woman on the news talking about them .	men wearing what are shown in pictures in a baseball field people on the terraces and the woman on the news talking about them ?	uniform
32619	Three men are seen walking in slow motion while another girl walks into frame and the group grab tubes from a pile .	what are three men seen and the group grab from a pile ?	tubes
32619	Three men are seen walking in slow motion while another girl walks into frame and the group grab tubes from a pile .	how many men are seen walking in slow motion while another girl walks into frame ?	three
32624	A man in a green shirt is holding some papers and talking outside .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
32629	A woman slices some of the white vegetable into a yellow bowl .	what is the color of the vegetable ?	white
32629	A woman slices some of the white vegetable into a yellow bowl .	what is the color of the bowl ?	yellow
32634	A person 's hand turns a knob on the machine and begins running on the machine .	the person 's hand turns what on the machine and begins running on the machine ?	knob
32637	She turns around and faces the camera continuing to brush her hair and display its length .	she turns around and faces what continuing to brush her hair and display its length ?	camera
32646	A woman in a purple coat is talking .	what is the color of the coat ?	purple
32649	She sprays the horse 's tail and starts brushing it .	she sprays what tail and starts brushing it ?	horse
32649	She sprays the horse 's tail and starts brushing it .	she sprays what and starts brushing it ?	tail
32653	The volleyball player serves the ball .	what does the volleyball player serve ?	ball
32657	An opposing player hits the ball .	what does an opposing player hit ?	ball
32660	The opposing player hits the ball .	what does the opposing player hit ?	ball
32663	Her teammate hits the ball .	what does her teammate hit ?	ball
32665	An opposing player dives and hits the ball .	what does an opposing player dive and hits ?	ball
32667	A woman is wearing a towel and standing next to a bath tub .	what is the woman wearing and standing next to a bath tub ?	towel
32677	We see people floating in a lake in purple rafts .	what is the color of the rafts ?	purple
32680	We see a red canoe on the shore .	what is the color of the canoe ?	red
32681	We pan over the river .	we pan over what ?	river
32688	A woman is sitting bent over and washing her laundry by hand in a bowl .	what is the woman sitting bent over and washing by hand in a bowl ?	laundry
32694	Several more clips are shown of people chasing bulls and running away .	what are shown of people chasing bulls and running away ?	clips
32697	A screen of fighters are shown and then two random images are selected .	how many random images are selected ?	two
32703	A leader is using a baton to instruct them .	what is the leader using ?	baton
32705	A guy in the backyard is mowing the lawn on a hot and sunny day while a lady records and narrates .	where is the guy mowing the lawn on a hot and sunny day while a lady records and narrates . ?	backyard
32709	A man heats a small pan with a flame .	what does the man heat with a flame ?	pan
32710	Three soldiers standing near watch him .	how many soldiers is standing near watch him ?	three
32711	The man grabs a paintbrush and moves it around in the pan .	the man grabs what and moves it around in the pan ?	paintbrush
32713	He flames the shoe with the flame canister .	what did he flame with the flame canister ?	shoe
32714	He brushes the shoe again .	what does he brush again ?	shoe
32715	He then flames the shoe some more .	what does he then flame some more ?	shoe
32722	The girl puts her glasses on after her ears are pieced .	what does the girl put on after her ears are pieced ?	glasses
32726	A man with no hands grabs a dart that is stuck to the board and walks backward .	the man with no hands grabs what and walks backward ?	dart
32732	One group then pulls another down and ends by walking away .	how many group then pulls another down and ends by walking away ?	one
32735	A fencing match commences inside a building .	what match commences inside a building ?	fencing
32737	The camera moves down the row to the right .	what moves down the row to the right ?	camera
32738	The girl in black gets stuck the gets going .	what is the color of the gets ?	black
32739	The cars then come to a stop .	what then come to the stop ?	cars
32740	Boats are seen sailing through dark ocean water .	what are seen sailing through dark ocean water ?	boats
32742	The boats are seen floating through the water .	what are seen floating through the water ?	boats
32743	A small group of people are seen standing around a field when one lady hits a ball .	the small group of people are seen standing around a field when how many lady hits a ball ?	one
32745	A camera is seen zooming in on a building and leads into a man climbing up a large rock .	what is seen zooming in on the building and leads into a man climbing up a large rock ?	camera
32747	A person plays tam-tam using three instruments .	what does the person play using three instruments ?	tam-tam
32747	A person plays tam-tam using three instruments .	the person plays tam-tam using what ?	instruments
32747	A person plays tam-tam using three instruments .	the person plays tam-tam using how many instruments ?	three
32749	A cartoon yellow character is shown running with bulls behind him .	what is the color of the character ?	yellow
32751	A gun fires , and they run again .	what fires , and they run again ?	gun
32756	The tire is flat and he feels it .	what is flat and he feels it ?	tire
32758	Tools are sitting on a brick wall .	what are sitting on the brick wall ?	tools
32759	He turns the bike upside down to look at the tire .	what does he turn upside down ?	bicycle
32761	He uses a tool to get the tire off of the wheel .	what does he use ?	tool
32762	He pumps a pump and then fills it with water .	he pumps what and then fills it with water ?	pump
32764	He puts the tire back on the wheel .	what does he put back on the wheel ?	tire
32769	She boils noodles into a pot and mixes it together in the pan and serves it onto a plate .	she boils what into a pot and mixes it together in the pan and serves it onto a plate ?	noodles
32776	A blurry vision shows two people in a gym with one punching and kicking the other holding gloves .	how many people does the blurry vision show in a gym with one punching and kicking the other holding gloves ?	two
32779	A man wearing beige shorts begins cleaning the black race car with a cloth and a spray .	the man wearing what begins cleaning the black race car with a cloth and a spray ?	shorts
32779	A man wearing beige shorts begins cleaning the black race car with a cloth and a spray .	what is the color of the car ?	black
32780	He wipes the car down to make it shiny and clean .	what does he wipe down ?	car
32781	Both the cars are parked in the parking lot , looking clean and sparkly after a car wash .	what are parked in the parking lot , looking clean and sparkly after a car wash ?	cars
32784	The people brush the horse all along the sides when a woman comes out back to speak to them .	the people brush what all along the sides when a woman comes out back to speak to them ?	horse
32787	A glue stick is shown on a table .	what is shown on the table ?	stick
32793	We see an orange car come into the screen followed by a gold car .	what do we see come into the screen followed by a gold car ?	car
32793	We see an orange car come into the screen followed by a gold car .	what is the color of the car ?	orange
32796	men iss swinging in a green grassy yard .	what is the color of the yard ?	green
32804	Two men play a song on a guitars together in a dimly lit room .	how many men play the song on a guitars together in a dimly lit room ?	two
32806	A man is setting up cameras and lighting in the background for some video shoot .	what is the man setting up and lighting in the background for some video shoot ?	cameras
32808	Then a woman gets on it taking the mans place and she uses the machine .	what does then the woman get on it taking the mans place and she uses ?	machine
32812	man is again in news studio with the band and man start laying drums .	what is man again in news studio with the band and man start laying ?	drums
32814	A girl is waving frilly toy .	what is the girl waving ?	toy
32815	A little boy in gray smiles a the camera .	what does the little boy in gray smile ?	camera
32816	We see a man in a red hat with a boy laughing hard .	what is the color of the hat ?	red
32818	We zoom in on a lady in a white shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
32819	The lady in white smiles at the camera .	what is the color of the lady ?	white
32822	He lets go and the ball hits the screen as he falls to the ground .	what does he let go and hits the screen as he falls to the ground ?	ball
32822	He lets go and the ball hits the screen as he falls to the ground .	what does he let go and the ball hits ?	screen
32824	We see a title screen slide down the screen .	what do we see down the screen ?	slide
32826	A small boy in an orange shirt rolls the ball down the aisle .	what does the small boy in an orange shirt roll down the aisle ?	ball
32826	A small boy in an orange shirt rolls the ball down the aisle .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
32827	We watch an older boy in a green shirt roll the ball 5 times and get 4 strikes .	how many times do we watch an older boy in a green shirt roll the ball and get 4 strikes ?	five
32827	We watch an older boy in a green shirt roll the ball 5 times and get 4 strikes .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
32831	The man wets the block and runs a knife across two different blocks .	the man wets what and runs a knife across two different blocks ?	block
32831	The man wets the block and runs a knife across two different blocks .	the man wets the block and runs what across two different blocks ?	knife
32832	The man grabs a pole and sharpens the knife on it .	the man grabs what and sharpens the knife on it ?	pole
32832	The man grabs a pole and sharpens the knife on it .	the man grabs a pole and sharpens what on it ?	knife
32834	The man grabs and removes a lemon .	what does the man grab and removes ?	lemon
32837	A girl attempts multiple flips and sticks the landing .	what does the girl attempts multiple flip and sticks ?	landing
32838	Another girls follows suit as the team works hard in the background .	what does another girls follow ?	suit
32844	Some women are swimming in a pool .	where are some women swimming . ?	pool
32847	First the man puts pink lipstick on his lips and he says he 's a joker .	what does first the man put on his lips and he says he 's a joker ?	lipstick
32849	Next he puts 2 thick lines of it under his eyes and he says something , he also attempts to put it on his chin , but the video ends .	how many thick lines does next he put of it under his eyes and he says something , he also attempts to put it on his chin ?	two
32859	He then creates a pyramid shaped structure .	what does he then create shaped structure ?	pyramid
32862	He adds a few more twigs to keep the flames burning .	what does he add ?	twigs
32864	Then the cars get powered on and they are able to get driven .	what do then get powered on and they are able to get driven ?	cars
32867	The man has a pair of blue pliers in his hand and begins fixing the chain on the bike .	what is the color of the pliers ?	blue
32869	After awhile , he stops the chain and begins to take two links out of the chain on the bike .	after awhile , he stops the chain and begins to take how many links out of the chain on the bike ?	two
32874	Young boy talks to camera in front of drum set in a studio .	where did young boy talks to camera in front of drum set . ?	studio
32877	A woman is in a driveway , doing tricks and stunts as she jumps rope .	where is the woman , doing tricks and stunts as she jumps rope . ?	driveway
32881	The man then goes to another part of the room with a white bucket and an orange cloth and is wiping down wooden floorboards .	what is the color of the bucket ?	white
32881	The man then goes to another part of the room with a white bucket and an orange cloth and is wiping down wooden floorboards .	what is the color of the cloth ?	orange
32882	The man is then shown pouring powder into a large white bucket , pouring water into it then mixing the contents with a hand drill .	what is the color of the bucket ?	white
32883	The man is then in a corner of the room and he 's applying the mixture onto the floorboards then puts down an orange material .	what is the color of the material ?	orange
32888	A GoPro camera is seen and then another screen appears showing that the camera has won awards .	what is seen and then another screen appears showing that the camera has won awards ?	camera
32888	A GoPro camera is seen and then another screen appears showing that the camera has won awards .	what is the gopro camera seen and then appears showing that the camera has won awards ?	screen
32890	A screen appears asking to submit footage to the GoPro awards .	what appears asking to submit footage to the gopro awards ?	screen
32891	We see a man kite surfing .	what do we see ?	surfing
32894	Water splashes and covers the camera lens .	what does water splash and covers ?	lens
32898	There are 4 young people dressed in military attire carrying a red and white banner in a parade .	how many young people are there dressed in military attire carrying a red and white banner in a parade ?	four
32899	Several people canoe down a lake interspersed with several still photos of the lake stats and features .	what do several people canoe down interspersed with several still photos of the lake stats and features ?	lake
32900	Several still photos of the lake are shown which includes browned and dry weeds/marsh and calm blue water along with a shallow body of water heavy with rocks .	what is the color of the water ?	blue
32901	Two canoes with people in them are shown in the lake .	how many canoes with people in them are shown in the lake ?	two
32903	A girl sits in the drivers seat of a car and enjoys a ice cream cone .	the girl sits in the drivers seat of a car and enjoys what ?	cone
32905	The girl licks the ice cream cone with the tip of her tongue .	what does the girl lick with the tip of her tongue ?	cone
32913	She holds up various products and rubs them through her hair .	she holds up what and rubs them through her hair ?	products
32918	In the middle of the routine , he grabs several frisbees and gives them to the dog one by one as he kneels down in front of him .	in the middle of the routine , he grabs what and gives them to the dog one by one ?	frisbees
32921	The two sumo wrestlers throw a white powder into the ring .	how many sumo wrestlers throw the white powder into the ring ?	two
32921	The two sumo wrestlers throw a white powder into the ring .	what is the color of the powder ?	white
32923	Two other men hold brooms as sweep up some of the powder .	what do two other men hold as sweep up some of the powder ?	brooms
32923	Two other men hold brooms as sweep up some of the powder .	how many other men hold brooms as sweep up some of the powder ?	two
32924	The two sumo wrestlers walk out of the ring and again throw more powder .	how many sumo wrestlers walk out of the ring and again throw more powder ?	two
32927	The man in black sumo shorts throws the other man out of the ring .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
32934	An extended hand holding a pen is shown on a split screen .	an extended hand holding what is shown on a split screen ?	pen
32937	An arrow cuts the string holding an apple .	what does an arrow cut holding an apple ?	string
32937	An arrow cuts the string holding an apple .	an arrow cuts the string holding what ?	apple
32942	Two men play billiards while taking turns to hit the ball with a stick , while a man plays billiards alone on back .	how many men play billiards while taking turns to hit the ball with a stick , while a man plays billiards alone on back ?	two
32950	He continues sharpening the object and shows the knife running across his bare skin .	he continues and shows what running across his bare skin ?	knife
32951	Two men in basketball shorts are playing racketball .	how many men in basketball shorts are playing racketball ?	two
32952	They hit the ball back and forth against the wall .	what did they hit back and forth against the wall ?	ball
32956	A kickball player kicks the ball at home plate in a large arena .	what does the kickball player kick at home plate in a large arena ?	ball
32959	There 's a guitarist in a green shirt demonstrating how to play an acoustic guitar .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
32974	They are all dressed in red gears and yellow helmets .	what is the color of the gears ?	red
32974	They are all dressed in red gears and yellow helmets .	what is the color of the helmets ?	yellow
32982	A woman in white hat starts walking strangely .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
32983	Another woman in a white hat falls to the ground .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
32991	The man kics a ball down a lane and people celebrate .	what does the man kics down a lane and people celebrate ?	ball
32998	The camera man captures a view of a thatched roof house .	what captures the view of a thatched roof house ?	man
32999	A young girl in a black blouse and a girl in a white tank top stand in a thatched roof house watching two woman washing clothes Filipino style .	what is the color of the blouse ?	black
32999	A young girl in a black blouse and a girl in a white tank top stand in a thatched roof house watching two woman washing clothes Filipino style .	what is the color of the top ?	white
33000	A girl in a pink blouse and a girl in a white t-shirt wash clothes in large tubs just outside the thatched roof house .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	white
33001	The camera man pans the front of the washing area while the girl in the white t-shirt rinses the clothes .	what pans the front of the washing area while the girl in the white t-shirt rinses the clothes ?	man
33001	The camera man pans the front of the washing area while the girl in the white t-shirt rinses the clothes .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	white
33003	A guest room is shown , displaying the dirty carpets .	what is shown , displaying the dirty carpets ?	room
33015	the man grabs a green towel and wipe his face .	the man grabs what and wipe his face ?	towel
33015	the man grabs a green towel and wipe his face .	what is the color of the towel ?	green
33016	A woman is adjusting her exercise machine .	what is the woman adjusting exercise ?	machine
33017	She adjusts the knobs and pushes the seat up .	she adjusts what and pushes the seat up ?	knobs
33026	A man gets in his truck , puts his surfboard in the back of his truck and drives .	the man gets in his truck , puts what in the back of his truck and drives ?	surfboard
33028	The man then leaves the beach , in his wetsuit , with his surfboard under his arm .	what does the man then leave , in his wetsuit , with his surfboard under his arm ?	beach
33046	They white water raft down a river together .	what do they white down a river together ?	raft
33054	Someone is sleeping on a white couch .	what is the color of the couch ?	white
33056	They stand up and walk out the door .	they stand up and walk out what ?	door
33060	A man wearing no shirt plays a hand drum .	the man wearing what plays a hand drum ?	shirt
33061	A solo man spins his body around on his hands and does cartwheels .	the solo man spins his body around on his hands and does what ?	cartwheels
33062	Two men do a practice karate routine and dodge kicks from the other opponent .	how many men do the practice karate routine and dodge kicks from the other opponent ?	two
33065	The two men do jumping kicks while they spar in a karate dance .	how many men do jumping kicks while they spar in a karate dance ?	two
33068	A man is escorted into a room and left alone until he is attacked , violently , by a man who appears suddenly in the room with him , the two fight .	the man is escorted into a room and left alone until he is attacked , violently , by a man who appears suddenly in the room with him , how many fight ?	two
33070	A black banner overlay with the word POWERCHALK written in white and green is across the banner .	what is the color of the overlay ?	black
33072	A violinist is playing the violin in a music room .	where is the violinist playing the violin . ?	room
33073	She adjusts the violin under her chin as she reads the music .	what does she adjust under her chin ?	violin
33074	At the end of her song she removes the violin and smiles .	at the end of her song she removes what and smiles ?	violin
33076	The girls then perform a routine using batons while spinning and twirling .	the girls then perform a routine using what while spinning and twirling ?	batons
33081	The camera pans the man 's damaged clothes and helmet and his befallen face as he lays on the ground injured .	what pans the man 's damaged clothes and helmet and his befallen face as he lays on the ground injured ?	camera
33081	The camera pans the man 's damaged clothes and helmet and his befallen face as he lays on the ground injured .	what does the camera pan and helmet and his befallen face as he lays on the ground injured ?	clothes
33082	Various ingredients are shown laid out on a table and leads into a person putting items into a bowl .	what are shown laid out on the table and leads into a person putting items into a bowl ?	ingredients
33086	Suddenly all the bikes fall from a stage .	what do suddenly fall from the stage ?	bicycles
33088	A man is surf boarding in the ocean on a blue surf board .	what is the color of the board ?	blue
33100	One man leads in front as the group walks away and begins playing as a band .	how many man leads in front as the group walks away and begins playing as a band ?	one
33102	Four men ride in a convertible car and drive along a desert highway .	how many men ride in the convertible car and drive along a desert highway ?	four
33103	Two friends ride down an escalator .	how many friends ride down an escalator ?	two
33105	The man makes a large bet and sits down to play a few hands at the table .	the man makes what and sits down to play a few hands at the table ?	bet
33110	The friend playing is gone and the chair is empty .	what is the friend playing gone and is empty ?	chair
33112	They are sitting next to several buckets .	what are they sitting ?	buckets
33113	They scrub clothing against the rocks , trying to clean them .	what did they scrub against the rocks , ?	clothing
33118	One of the men begins singing in the microphone .	where does one of the men begin singing . ?	microphone
33120	They play the maracas as they sing the song .	what do they play ?	maracas
33124	Three men are interviewed , one of whom plays the piano and sings for the interviewer and his camera crew in a narrow hallway .	how many men are interviewed , one of whom plays the piano and sings for the interviewer and his camera crew in a narrow hallway ?	three
33125	Four men are in a room , three of whom are being interviewed by the fourth man who has blonde hair , is wearing glasses , and has a camera crew with him .	how many men are in the room , three of whom are being interviewed by the fourth man who has blonde hair , is wearing glasses , and has a camera crew with him ?	four
33129	The man in the blue shirt approaches to shoot .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
33137	The camera follows the girl riding down a snowy hill as well as riding up ski lifts and speaking again to the camera .	what follows the girl riding down a snowy hill as well as riding up ski lifts and speaking again to the camera ?	camera
33139	Two people are seen playing a game of ping pong with one another .	how many people are seen playing the game of ping pong with one another ?	two
33140	They hit the ball back and fourth across the table while people watch on the sides .	they hit what back and fourth across the table ?	ball
33144	A woman dressed in a black top is talking about American Grooming services for pets .	what is the color of the top ?	black
33157	The camera continues to capture the people riding around the track in slow motion with one person falling and several watching on the sides .	what continues to capture the people riding around the track in slow motion with one person falling and several watching on the sides ?	camera
33160	A person holding a camera walks into the bathroom .	the person holding what walks into the bathroom ?	camera
33162	He begins to shave his leg in the sink .	where does he begin to shave his leg . ?	sink
33165	A bull in a ring starts chasing two men .	how many men does the bull in a ring start chasing ?	two
33166	Several others run onto the ring , and the bull flips as they grab his horns and tail .	what do several others run onto the ring , and flips as they grab his horns and tail ?	bull
33167	They open the gate , but fail to get the bull back inside as he charges them .	they open what , but fail to get the bull back inside as he charges them ?	gate
33168	A person shows and explains a lemon squeezer and shows the part were the lemon goes .	the person shows and explains what and shows the part were the lemon goes ?	squeezer
33171	Then , the person put a cover on the cup and shake the mix .	then , the person put what on the cup and shake the mix ?	cover
33171	Then , the person put a cover on the cup and shake the mix .	then , the person put a cover on the cup and shake what ?	mix
33173	Two young men sled on the road pulled by a car .	how many young men sled on the road pulled by a car ?	two
33192	Two men are sitting , with their shoes in view .	how many men are sitting , with their shoes in view ?	two
33193	A man picks up a shoe and puts it on his foot .	the man picks up what and puts it on his foot ?	shoe
33194	He then applies the other shoe , then ties the laces .	he then applies what , then ties the laces ?	shoe
33194	He then applies the other shoe , then ties the laces .	he then applies the other shoe , then ties what ?	laces
33195	man is chewing gum sitting on the grades .	what is man sitting on the grades ?	gum
33203	Several pictures are shown of a beach and landscapes as well as people walking on the beach .	what are shown of the beach and landscapes as well as people walking on the beach ?	pictures
33204	Several clips are then shown of people riding along the water and surfing the waves .	what are then shown of people riding along the water and surfing the waves ?	clips
33209	A little toddler is walking down the street holding her dog leash .	the little toddler is walking down the street holding what ?	leash
33210	The dog is walking ahead of her not pulling her , he is very gentle .	what is walking ahead of her not pulling her , he is very gentle ?	dog
33211	The dog stops to sniff around and then begins walking again .	what stops to sniff around and then begins walking again ?	dog
33219	This man is wearing a blue t-shirt and white shorts and he is doing his gymnastic routine .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	blue
33219	This man is wearing a blue t-shirt and white shorts and he is doing his gymnastic routine .	what is the color of the shorts ?	white
33221	There is also another man there with him who 's walking around and he 's wearing a green shirt .	what is there also another man there with him and he 's wearing ?	shirt
33221	There is also another man there with him who 's walking around and he 's wearing a green shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
33223	The bull is released and a man on a horse chases after it .	what is released and the man on a horse chases after it ?	bull
33224	The man jumps off the horse and ties the bull up .	the man jumps off what and ties the bull up ?	horse
33224	The man jumps off the horse and ties the bull up .	the man jumps off the horse and ties what up ?	bull
33226	A boy is floating in a raft as his father holds a rope attached to it .	where is the boy floating as his father holds a rope attached to it . ?	raft
33227	The boat floats away slowly , pulling the child as he stands in his raft .	what floats away slowly , pulling the child as he stands in his raft ?	boat
33228	He is then pulled up toward the two men in the boat .	where is he then pulled up . ?	boat
33230	Cars move on a road adjacent to a home .	what move on the road adjacent to a home ?	cars
33234	The man is painting the wall and floor of a roof , black .	what is the color of the roof ?	black
33236	chiopped vegetables are in a bowls on top of table .	what are in the bowls on top of table ?	vegetables
33237	the ingredients are mixed inside a bowl together with oil , pepper and mayonnaise .	what are mixed inside the bowl together with oil , pepper and mayonnaise ?	ingredients
33239	A man in a red t-shirt approaches a players circle on the ground inside of an enclosed metal fence area .	what does the man in a red t-shirt approach on the ground inside of an enclosed metal fence area ?	circle
33239	A man in a red t-shirt approaches a players circle on the ground inside of an enclosed metal fence area .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	red
33247	The woman does n't clear the bar perfectly and it falls off of it 's poles .	what does the woman do n't clear perfectly and it falls off of it 's poles ?	bar
33251	They lob the ball back and forth , playing a game of tennis .	what do they lob back and forth , ?	ball
33253	The screen is full of white bubbles and words , while a pair of hands plays the piano .	what is full of white bubbles and words , while a pair of hands plays the piano ?	screen
33255	The hands disappear and it is just the keyboard .	what do the hands disappear and it is just ?	keyboard
33256	The screen fades to black .	what fades to black ?	screen
33256	The screen fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
33266	There 's a woman dressed in black playing billiards in front of some spectators .	what is the color of the billiards ?	black
33270	She continues to concentrate and shoots the balls till only one ball is left on the billiards table .	she continues to concentrate and shoots the balls till how many ball is left on the billiards table ?	one
33272	Multiple screens begin to appear , showing the hands playing various notes on the screen .	what begin to appear , showing the hands playing various notes on the screen ?	screens
33273	The screen goes backwards until the video ends .	what goes backwards until the video ends ?	screen
33274	Title screens show up on the video .	what show up on the video ?	screens
33275	A woman is holding a cloth in a kitchen .	where is the woman holding a cloth . ?	kitchen
33276	The woman begins running water in a bath tub and a sink .	where does the woman begin running water . ?	sink
33277	The woman washes a cloth in the sink .	where does the woman wash a cloth . ?	sink
33278	The woman lays the wet cloth on a dry one and dries it out .	the woman lays what on a dry one and dries it out ?	cloth
33283	Several clips are shown of many people standing on a surf board and pushing themselves along the water with a paddle .	what are shown of many people standing on a surf board and pushing themselves along the water with a paddle ?	clips
33293	He picks up the skateboard and holds it in his hand .	he picks up what and holds it in his hand ?	skateboard
33294	He puts the skateboard back down and continues skateboarding .	he puts what back down and continues skateboarding ?	skateboard
33302	a man and a woman are grabing the old lady fom the back in a slide .	where are the man and a woman grabing the old lady fom . ?	slide
33314	Two woman wave flags around .	how many woman wave flags around ?	two
33326	A man wearing a black shirt stands in a living room with a red and black accordion .	the man wearing what stands in a living room with a red and black accordion ?	shirt
33326	A man wearing a black shirt stands in a living room with a red and black accordion .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
33327	The musician sitting in a chair holding a black accordion and prepares to demonstrate how to play an accordion .	what is the color of the accordion ?	black
33328	The man then demonstrates playing an accordian using a brown accordion .	what is the color of the accordion ?	brown
33329	A kite is seen flying around the air with a person riding behind the kite on the sand .	what is seen flying around the air with a person riding behind the kite on the sand ?	kite
33330	The camera continues to pan around the beach capturing the person flying a kite and him riding around and holding it .	what continues to pan around the beach capturing the person flying a kite and him riding around and holding it ?	camera
33332	She shows off the various items carried on a space craft and puts a lotion into her hair .	she shows off the various items carried on a space craft and puts what into her hair ?	lotion
33333	She combs the lotion in thoroughly and dries off her head with a towel .	she combs what in thoroughly and dries off her head with a towel ?	lotion
33335	A mop stands upright next to a bucket .	what stands upright next to a bucket ?	mop
33338	The mop in dunked in the bucket of water then spun dry in the tray .	where did the mop in dunked in the bucket of water then spin dry . ?	tray
33340	A mop is used around various furniture and appliances to get into corners of rooms .	what is used around various furniture and appliances to get into corners of rooms ?	mop
33342	She uses a hula hoop to go in circles .	what does she use ?	hoop
33346	One team scores a goal .	how many team scores a goal ?	one
33349	We see the leaves being blown on the ground .	what do we see being blown on the ground ?	leaves
33352	We see leaves blowing in the street .	what do we see blowing in the street ?	leaves
33353	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
33354	This man is shown standing in the water wearing his pool cap and his goggles are on top of his forehead .	what is this man shown and are on top of his forehead ?	goggles
33358	two men are sitting in front of a counter in a kitchen .	how many men are sitting in front of a counter in a kitchen ?	two
33360	man is in the kitchen and pour some ingredients inside a cooking pot and mix them while is boiling water and put the pot on top of the boiled water .	where is man and pour some ingredients inside a cooking pot and mix them while is boiling water and put the pot on top of the boiled water . ?	kitchen
33361	man start mixing in a kitchen aid and create a white cream .	what is the color of the cream ?	white
33363	Various people ride the bulls and sit in the cars as well as end with a game of volleyball and celebrating .	various people ride what and sit in the cars as well as end with a game of volleyball and celebrating ?	bulls
33365	A man gets off the bike to look at it .	what does the man get off ?	bicycle
33366	He removes the tire from the bike .	what does he remove from the bike ?	tire
33368	A man in a red wet suit is sitting on a float talking casually .	what is the color of the suit ?	red
33370	They are floating through the river passing all the green scenery .	what is the color of the scenery ?	green
33371	The man in the red wet suit is leading the way .	what is the color of the suit ?	red
33372	A man is riding a bike .	what is the man riding ?	bicycle
33391	He is playing a black wind instrument .	what is he playing ?	instrument
33391	He is playing a black wind instrument .	what is the color of the instrument ?	black
33393	He is wearing sunglasses as he plays .	what is he wearing ?	sunglasses
33396	The people grab the ball from the ground over and over again while occasionally looking over to the camera and panning back to the large crowd .	what do the people grab from the ground over and over again while occasionally looking over to the camera and panning back to the large crowd ?	ball
33402	A camera pans around the inside of a car looking out showing other cars driving around .	what pans around the inside of a car looking out showing other cars driving around ?	camera
33403	The car begins moving while looking around the sandy area and showing people inside the car .	what begins moving while looking around the sandy area and showing people inside the car ?	car
33404	The camera leads into shots of people riding around on camels and leads into shots of people riding on the camels .	what leads into shots of people riding around on camels and leads into shots of people riding on the camels ?	camera
33406	A boy rollerskate down the white railings as two other men walked up to him to give him high five .	what is the color of the railings ?	white
33407	A young man in blue top roller blades in the railing and give high fives to his peers .	what is the color of the roller ?	blue
33409	Two men then drink out of ice containers and lead into more people drinking out of the containers .	how many men then drink out of ice containers and lead into more people drinking out of the containers ?	two
33410	One team finishes before the other and everyone celebrates .	how many team finishes before the other and everyone celebrates ?	one
33412	The room pans back to the rest of the room and continues to show many women still punching the hanging punching bags .	what pans back to the rest of the room and continues to show many women still punching the hanging punching bags ?	room
33415	A woman runs up and adjusts the pinata .	the woman runs up and adjusts what ?	pinata
33424	There 's a young boy dressed in a black shirt and black shorts in a field playing with a hockey stick .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
33424	There 's a young boy dressed in a black shirt and black shorts in a field playing with a hockey stick .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
33425	He is hitting the ball into the goal with his stick .	what is he hitting into the goal with his stick ?	ball
33426	He swings the stick when another person throws the ball to him and aims it towards the goal .	what does he swing ?	stick
33428	First she puts 3 quarters of an ounce of Baileys and the same amount of pineapple juice .	how many quarters does first she put of an ounce of baileys and the same amount of pineapple juice ?	three
33429	A small white , medium size Christmas tree is standing in front of two green doors .	what is the color of the tree ?	white
33429	A small white , medium size Christmas tree is standing in front of two green doors .	what is the color of the doors ?	green
33430	A lady is carrying a bag that has a `` SNO-BOND FLOCK # 1 '' written on it .	what is the lady carrying ?	bag
33431	The lady put the sno-bond flock in a strainer and grab a water spray bottle .	the lady put the sno-bond flock in a strainer and grab what ?	bottle
33432	She started to sift the white stuff on the tree .	what is the color of the stuff ?	white
33434	A man is holding a rubiks cube .	what is the man holding ?	cube
33443	kids are running in stage and jumping the rope .	what are kids running in stage and jumping ?	rope
33446	She dumps a bottle into the glass and adds juice .	she dumps what into the glass and adds juice ?	bottle
33446	She dumps a bottle into the glass and adds juice .	she dumps a bottle into the glass and adds what ?	juice
33447	She stirs the drink and sets it down on the counter .	she stirs what and sets it down on the counter ?	drink
33448	A man wearing a green cap sits in a car holding a coffee cup talking .	the man wearing what sits in a car holding a coffee cup talking ?	cap
33448	A man wearing a green cap sits in a car holding a coffee cup talking .	what is the color of the cap ?	green
33449	He sets the camera on his dashboard and continues talking .	he sets what on his dashboard and continues talking ?	camera
33450	He holds the coffee and takes several sips .	he holds what and takes several sips ?	coffee
33454	A tether rope rises up on a bar .	what rises up on the bar ?	rope
33458	A graphic is seen of event sponsors and website on the screen with black backround .	what is seen of event sponsors and website on the screen with black backround ?	graphic
33458	A graphic is seen of event sponsors and website on the screen with black backround .	what is the color of the backround ?	black
33460	The camera continues to zoom in on her playing the instrument while she intervenes by speaking to the camera .	what continues to zoom in on her playing the instrument while she intervenes by speaking to the camera ?	camera
33463	He then gets on his knees and adds spray paint to the machine and paints the wall .	he then gets on his knees and adds what to the machine and paints the wall ?	paint
33467	He gives the violin to another man who plays it .	what does he give to another man who plays it ?	violin
33469	A woman gets her belly button clamped with a white clamp .	what does the woman get clamped with a white clamp ?	button
33469	A woman gets her belly button clamped with a white clamp .	what is the color of the clamp ?	white
33470	She then gets her belly button pierced .	what does she then get ?	pierced
33471	The person removes the clamp and wipes it with a towel .	the person removes what and wipes it with a towel ?	clamp
33475	A woman in a white shirt is dancing .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
33479	A lady hair dresser wearing a green shirt and pants is demonstrating a haircut on a model wearing a black tank top .	what is wearing a green shirt and pants is demonstrating a haircut on a model wearing a black tank top ?	dresser
33479	A lady hair dresser wearing a green shirt and pants is demonstrating a haircut on a model wearing a black tank top .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
33479	A lady hair dresser wearing a green shirt and pants is demonstrating a haircut on a model wearing a black tank top .	what is the color of the top ?	black
33485	People are playing drums on the beach .	what are people playing on the beach ?	drums
33486	A woman in a yellow outfit is dancing .	what is the color of the outfit ?	yellow
33491	They leave the pool excited and happy .	what do they leave excited and happy ?	pool
33496	A man pours an egg into a small pan .	what does the man pour into a small pan ?	egg
33497	He sets the pan onto a stove .	what does he set onto a stove ?	pan
33499	A man pole vaults over a rope on a track of a sporting field .	what did the man pole over a rope on a track of a sporting field ?	vaults
33501	A man wearing glasses is talking in a parking lot .	the man wearing what is talking in a parking lot ?	glasses
33502	He walks into a car wash , where a green substance is being sprayed on the cars .	what is the color of the substance ?	green
33503	The soap is then rinsed away with hoses .	what is then rinsed away with hoses ?	soap
33505	The people continue marching and the camera ends with a credit scene .	what do the people continue and ends with a credit scene ?	camera
33507	He is holding a large machine and is seen pushing it all around the yard .	he is holding what and is seen pushing it all around the yard ?	machine
33510	They rub some lotion onto their legs after .	what did they rub onto their legs after ?	lotion
33515	There 's a young main in a white tank top and beige shorts practicing dancing with a woman wearing a gray shirt and blue shorts .	what is the color of the top ?	white
33515	There 's a young main in a white tank top and beige shorts practicing dancing with a woman wearing a gray shirt and blue shorts .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
33515	There 's a young main in a white tank top and beige shorts practicing dancing with a woman wearing a gray shirt and blue shorts .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
33516	They are practicing dancing in their living room with a flat screen television hanging on the wall .	where are they practicing dancing . ?	room
33526	Teams of players play beach soccer .	what do teams of players play ?	soccer
33529	Two men are seen standing around her and write things down when the girl eventually finishes .	how many men are seen standing around her and write things down when the girl eventually finishes ?	two
33532	A large mountain covered in snow with scarce trees is visible .	what covered in snow with scarce trees is visible ?	mountain
33533	Someone begins skiing and then a man in an orange snow suit begins talking .	what is the color of the suit ?	orange
33534	The person continues skiing and then two males appear talking to one another .	the person continues skiing and then how many males appear talking to one another ?	two
33536	Two reporters report on a story about drinking too much coffee on a live news telecast .	how many reporters report on the story about drinking too much coffee on a live news telecast ?	two
33538	The camera cuts to video of a coffee cup being filled with coffee while a written template explaining what the story is about appears beneath the cup .	what cuts to video of a coffee cup being filled with coffee while a written template explaining what the story is about appears beneath the cup ?	camera
33539	The camera then cuts to a four person news panel of people talking on camera .	what then cuts to the four person news panel of people talking on camera ?	camera
33540	sailboat is in open sea with some people standing on it .	what is in open sea with some people standing on it ?	sailboat
33545	He uses the machine to rip up the roof and ends with a close up of the machine .	he uses what and ends with a close up of the machine ?	machine
33546	Several clips are shown of people swimming in the water leading into a woman looking at the camera and still moving around under the water .	what are shown of people swimming in the water leading into a woman looking at the camera and still moving around under the water ?	clips
33555	A person repairs a bike chain and installs the chain on a bike interspersed with an image of a woman talking .	the person repairs what and installs the chain on a bike interspersed with an image of a woman talking ?	chain
33558	The hands install the chain on a blue bike on a dirt ground surface .	what is the color of the bike ?	blue
33559	A woman holding towels talks to the camera .	what talks to the camera ?	towels
33564	Two boys perform arm wrestling while people are watching , suddenly the boys free their hands .	how many boys perform arm wrestling while people are watching ?	two
33565	After , they continue competing , then the boy wearing purple t-shirt fold the hand of his rival .	, then the boy wearing what fold the hand of his rival ?	t-shirt
33565	After , they continue competing , then the boy wearing purple t-shirt fold the hand of his rival .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	purple
33567	A man in blue stands in an auditorium .	where does the man in blue stand . ?	auditorium
33571	Two people white water raft over a rocky , climactic , body of water in narrow canoes and with paddles .	how many people white water raft over a rocky , climactic , body of water in narrow canoes and with paddles ?	two
33571	Two people white water raft over a rocky , climactic , body of water in narrow canoes and with paddles .	what is the color of the raft ?	white
33572	A person dressed in a red and black outfit stands in a red canoe and begins to put a piece of black equipment on .	what is the color of the canoe ?	red
33572	A person dressed in a red and black outfit stands in a red canoe and begins to put a piece of black equipment on .	what is the color of the equipment ?	black
33573	The person in the red and black outfit begins rafting in the red canoe over a tumultuous body of water filled with large rocks .	what is the color of the canoe ?	red
33577	A person wearing white top take pictures to the bikers .	what is the color of the top ?	white
33583	There is a badminton ladies double match taking place in an indoor court .	how many ladies is there a double match taking place in an indoor court ?	badminton
33590	The person then begins moving along the water in the kayak .	where does the person then begin moving along the water . ?	kayak
33594	The walk off shore and speak to one another followed by the tubes hung up and the bus parked .	the walk off shore and speak to one and what parked ?	bus
33595	A white Breville toaster is sitting on a counter being plugged .	what is the color of the toaster ?	white
33596	In front of the toaster , a block of white cream and a banana is sitting on a white plate .	what is the color of the cream ?	white
33596	In front of the toaster , a block of white cream and a banana is sitting on a white plate .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
33597	Next , two slices of bread are in the toaster going up and down .	how many slices are next , of bread in the toaster going up and down ?	two
33598	Now , the sandwich is cut is half and the person begins to eating it .	what is now , cut is half and the person begins to eating it ?	sandwich
33599	There are two boys playing rock , paper , scissors .	how many boys are there playing rock , paper , scissors ?	two
33603	A woman is seen sitting in a doctor 's office with a doctor speaking to her and the camera .	where is the woman seen sitting . ?	office
33609	When they finish , one girl gathers the hoops and the crowd claps as the curtain closes .	how many girl do when they finish , gathers the hoops and the crowd claps as the curtain closes ?	one
33611	They are using a stepper , dancing and jumping on and off the equipment .	what are they using a stepper , dancing and jumping on and off ?	equipment
33614	The words `` Women 's Artistic Gymnastics -LRB- WAG -RRB- '' appear on a red screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	red
33619	First paint all of your nails blue and do a big white stripe across them and dot little stars .	first paint all of your nails blue and do what across them and dot little stars ?	stripe
33619	First paint all of your nails blue and do a big white stripe across them and dot little stars .	first paint all of your nails blue and do a big white stripe across them and dot what ?	stars
33619	First paint all of your nails blue and do a big white stripe across them and dot little stars .	what is the color of the stripe ?	white
33620	Then use a tiny paintbrush to put rainbow colors and then use a plastic sandwich bag to make nyan cat and she pushes it onto her nail .	then use what and she pushes it onto her nail ?	paintbrush
33621	A lady discusses and folds a towel .	what does the lady discuss and folds ?	towel
33638	The outro appears and it 's a black screen with a speedo logo and the word speedo .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
33640	The woman plays the violin .	what does the woman play ?	violin
33643	Two men wearing scuba diving gear in an indoor pool talk to the camera .	how many men is wearing scuba diving gear in an indoor pool talk to the camera ?	two
33644	The camera follows one of the men underwater where numerous manmade obstacles are present .	what follows one of the men underwater where numerous manmade obstacles are present ?	camera
33648	a woman is wearing a catty costume is standing behind the table .	what is the woman wearing ?	costume
33651	A woman is filing her nails on the table with a white bar .	what is the color of the bar ?	white
33653	She then places her finger nails into a white box that is lit up .	what is the color of the box ?	white
33655	A nail polish bottle is shown on the screen .	what is shown on the screen ?	bottle
33659	She puts her hand back in the lit up box .	where does she put her hand back . ?	box
33660	A bottle is shown on the table .	what is shown on the table ?	bottle
33665	The people moves the steps to the center of the room .	what does the people move to the center of the room ?	steps
33671	Two groups of boys compete tug of war rope , while a man supervise the game and other people watch .	how many groups of boys compete tug of war rope , while a man supervise the game and other people watch ?	two
33675	Several more pictures are shown of people moving along the beach as well as helping others and shots of the scenery .	what are shown of people moving along the beach as well as helping others and shots of the scenery ?	pictures
33683	A man carries a box into the stage .	what does the man carry into the stage ?	box
33692	A lady is lying down on a black bed , a woman in black sweater and wearing black gloves is rubbing a white cotton on the lady 's belly button .	what is the color of the bed ?	black
33692	A lady is lying down on a black bed , a woman in black sweater and wearing black gloves is rubbing a white cotton on the lady 's belly button .	what is the color of the sweater ?	black
33692	A lady is lying down on a black bed , a woman in black sweater and wearing black gloves is rubbing a white cotton on the lady 's belly button .	what is the color of the gloves ?	black
33692	A lady is lying down on a black bed , a woman in black sweater and wearing black gloves is rubbing a white cotton on the lady 's belly button .	what is the color of the cotton ?	white
33702	As the singers and musicians finish the song , the conductor waves his wand to end the music .	what does , the conductor wave ?	wand
33703	We see girls in a red costume gym performing a baton routine .	what is the color of the gym ?	red
33704	Three girls walk past in the background .	how many girls walk past in the background ?	three
33706	The girls in the red uniforms finish and walk away .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	red
33710	Several clips are shown of people interacting with the bulls as well as running around and people watching .	what are shown of people interacting with the bulls as well as running around and people watching ?	clips
33712	She is seen washing clothes in the bucket while looking off into the distance .	where is she seen washing clothes while looking off into the distance . ?	bucket
33720	A woman puts a red solo cup under a man 's nose .	what does the woman put solo under a man 's nose ?	cup
33720	A woman puts a red solo cup under a man 's nose .	what is the color of the cup ?	red
33721	A man tosses a ping pong ball into a red solo cup .	what does the man toss into a red solo cup ?	ball
33721	A man tosses a ping pong ball into a red solo cup .	what is the color of the cup ?	red
33722	The floor is shown along with a person 's foot .	what is shown along with the person 's foot ?	floor
33726	A man waves a white flag once the land .	what does the man wave once the land ?	flag
33726	A man waves a white flag once the land .	what is the color of the flag ?	white
33728	A man put paint on the wall with a hose , while a person uses a flat mop to spread the paint .	what did the man put on the wall with a hose , ?	paint
33729	Then , the man puts paint around the window .	what does then , the man put around the window ?	paint
33736	Two men talk heatedly until a man comes and separates them .	how many men talk heatedly until the man comes and separates them ?	two
33737	Number 99 leaves then goes back to finish talking .	how many leaves does number then go back to finish talking ?	99
33743	The boy stands on front the sink and puts toothpaste on the brush , and then brush the teeth .	the boy stands on front the sink and puts what on the brush , and then brush the teeth ?	toothpaste
33745	A camera pans all around a vacuum close up and shows a person 's feet .	what pans all around the vacuum close up and shows a person 's feet ?	camera
33750	A recreation building is pictured and kids doing various activities ranging from basketball to swimming is shown .	what is recreation pictured and kids doing various activities ranging from basketball to swimming is shown ?	building
33751	A set of young boys are picture din the water on their backs holding up a green ball and one throws it into the goal .	what are the set of young boys the water on their backs and one throws it into the goal ?	picture
33751	A set of young boys are picture din the water on their backs holding up a green ball and one throws it into the goal .	what is the color of the ball ?	green
33753	A guy is putting a cloth shackles on a lady 's ankles .	what is the guy putting on a lady 's ankles ?	shackles
33755	The lady bungee jumps when the guy removes his hand .	what jumps when the guy removes his hand ?	bungee
33758	Men are doing karate moves in a gym .	where are men doing karate moves . ?	gym
33759	People are playing instruments next to them .	what are people playing next to them ?	instruments
33760	A man in a white shirt is playing the drums in front of him .	what is the man in a white shirt playing in front of him ?	drums
33760	A man in a white shirt is playing the drums in front of him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
33761	AN intro screen showing a man perform Brazilian martial arts appears on the screen .	what is showing a man perform brazilian martial arts appears on the screen ?	screen
33770	A boat is in the water .	what is in the water ?	boat
33771	A sail boat is in the water with people on it .	what is in the water with people on it ?	boat
33773	A woman in a white bikini stands at the bow of the boat and a man stands behind her .	what is the color of the bikini ?	white
33780	People are taking pictures on the boat .	what are people taking on the boat ?	pictures
33786	There is also a wooden deck .	what is there also ?	deck
33788	Two pieces of wrapped chocolate cake are shown as a hand adjusts and touches them .	how many pieces of wrapped chocolate cake are shown as a hand adjusts and touches them ?	two
33790	The cake is complete as a woman 's stomach with a baby foot protruding from her dress .	what is complete as the woman 's stomach with a baby foot protruding from her dress ?	cake
33794	A boy in a white tshirt picks up his brother over head and body slams him onto the bed .	what is the color of the tshirt ?	white
33796	Two women are seen sitting in a park with one behind the other .	how many women are seen sitting in the park with one behind the other ?	two
33797	One girl begins braiding the hair of another while sitting behind .	how many girl begins braiding the hair of another while sitting behind ?	one
33799	A motorbike race is shown on dirt .	what is shown on dirt ?	race
33801	Motorbikes are then shown jumping and doing agility things .	what are then shown jumping and doing agility things ?	motorcycles
33802	A man gets on a red machine .	what is the color of the machine ?	red
33804	The leaves blow all over the driveway .	what blow all over the driveway ?	leaves
33805	Finally the driveway is cleared of the leaves .	what is finally cleared of the leaves ?	driveway
33806	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
33807	We see a man in an orange shirt twirl and spin to throw the hammer over 80km .	what is the color of the twirl ?	orange
33808	Next we see a man in a blue shirt throw 73km .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
33809	We see a man in a white shirt throw 75km .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
33812	The camel stands up and a man in front leads it .	what stands up and the man in front leads it ?	camel
33813	A red barn is seen behind them .	what is seen behind them ?	barn
33813	A red barn is seen behind them .	what is the color of the barn ?	red
33814	The camel sits back down and the man gets off .	what sits back down and the man gets off ?	camel
33817	The woman dips the clothes into the bucket and shows where she hangs them and waving to the camera .	the woman dips what into the bucket and shows where she hangs them and waving to the camera ?	clothes
33819	The man stands up and washes the windshield .	the man stands up and washes what ?	windshield
33821	A standing Asian woman wearing makeup is talking to a bunch of sitting Asian women who have no make up on their faces .	what is talking to the bunch of sitting asian women who have no make up on their faces ?	makeup
33822	The Asian woman with the make up claps and then hits a clock that has a 10 second timer .	the asian woman with the make up claps and then hits what ?	clock
33824	Two women quickly apply makeup to their faces , but when they are done they have upset looks on their faces .	two women quickly apply what to their faces , but when they are done they have upset looks on their faces ?	makeup
33824	Two women quickly apply makeup to their faces , but when they are done they have upset looks on their faces .	how many women quickly apply makeup to their faces ?	two
33826	When she lifts her head up her makeup is perfect and at the same time she pulls her hair out of a ponytail and shakes her hair free .	what is perfect and at the same time she pulls her hair out of a ponytail and shakes her hair free ?	makeup
33832	They ride the rapids , going over falls and paddling as they go .	what do they ride , ?	rapids
33835	man is wearing a blue shirt and is sitting behind the man playing the flute .	man is wearing what and is sitting behind the man playing the flute ?	shirt
33835	man is wearing a blue shirt and is sitting behind the man playing the flute .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
33842	She grasps the bar and begins to flip herself around the bar before leaping to the next bar and propelling herself up and over it repeatedly .	she grasps what and begins to flip herself around the bar before leaping to the next bar and propelling herself up and over it repeatedly ?	bar
33845	The tires are taken off one of the cars .	what are taken off one of the cars ?	tires
33848	He puts white clothing all over his body and several others and leads into the people riding camels with others leading in front .	he puts what all over his body and several others and leads into the people riding camels with others leading in front ?	clothing
33848	He puts white clothing all over his body and several others and leads into the people riding camels with others leading in front .	what is the color of the clothing ?	white
33849	A flag is shown waving where it is stuck in the ground .	what is shown waving where it is stuck in the ground ?	flag
33859	Another person is seen standing on the other side and then hit a ball to one another .	another person is seen and then hit what to one another ?	ball
33861	A man stands on a dock wearing a green shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
33862	He then rides a boat with a sail .	what did he then rid with a sail ?	boat
33866	A man walks over to a small red flag .	what is the color of the flag ?	red
33867	He removes the flag , then pulls a line out of the ground .	he removes what , then pulls a line out of the ground ?	flag
33868	He pulls up a giant fish he caught .	what does he pull up ?	fish
33869	A man scuffs a shoe in the street while another person sits and watches .	what does the man scuff in the street ?	shoe
33869	A man scuffs a shoe in the street while another person sits and watches .	where does the man scuff a shoe while another person sits and watches . ?	street
33872	The lady places wax paper over the pumpkin and pokes holes over the wax paper drawing .	the lady places wax paper over the pumpkin and pokes what over the wax paper drawing ?	holes
33874	We see a few opening screens .	what do we see ?	screens
33876	The lady spins and catches her baton .	what does the lady spin and catches ?	baton
33877	The lady flips forwards and backwards and catches her baton .	the lady flips forwards and backwards and catches what ?	baton
33878	The lady spins and catches her baton again .	the lady spins and catches what again ?	baton
33879	The lady flips multiple times and catches her baton before posing .	the lady flips multiple times and catches what before posing ?	baton
33884	A kite is flying above a beach .	what is flying above the beach ?	kite
33886	The kite soars through the sky .	what soars through the sky ?	kite
33893	Several clips are followed by people jump roping in various locations as well as with each other .	what are followed by people jump roping in various locations as well as with each other ?	clips
33895	We see two men on a city street and the title loads .	how many men do we see on a city street and the title loads ?	two
33901	We see a man fall down the railing three times .	how many times do we see a man fall down the railing ?	three
33905	Several different angles are shown as the group of four play before an audience , hitting the ball back and forth quickly .	what are shown as the group of four play before an audience , hitting the ball back and forth quickly ?	angles
33908	A young man wearing baseball hat greats her with a pie tin and jokes with her .	the young man wearing what greats her with a pie tin and jokes with her ?	hat
33909	The man pushes a pie tin in the girls face as a joke getting her very messy .	what does the man push in the girls face as a joke getting her very messy ?	tin
33910	A girl in gymnastics class does tumbling down a red mat with team looking on .	what is the color of the mat ?	red
33911	A woman cheerleader boxes with a mascot during a football game .	what do the woman cheerleader with a mascot during a football game ?	boxes
33917	A man in Hawaiian shirt sets up a trampoline during a basketball competition .	what does the man in hawaiian shirt set up during a basketball competition ?	trampoline
33921	A cheerleader girl in black does a back hand spring and falls to the ground .	what is the color of the girl ?	black
33925	A girl in white shirt talks to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
33927	A girl in green shirt with friends does a high kick on a field but falls to the ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
33930	A group of cheerleaders in yellow lift temmate in a pyramid but drop her .	what is the color of the lift ?	yellow
33932	One girl misses the trampoline and runs into the mat .	one girl misses what and runs into the mat ?	trampoline
33932	One girl misses the trampoline and runs into the mat .	how many girl misses the trampoline and runs into the mat ?	one
33935	The man holds a drink up and puts it down .	the man holds what up and puts it down ?	drink
33936	The man adds ice to a glass and two shots of a red liquor then another .	what is the color of the liquor ?	red
33937	The man puts a strainer on the glass and stirs the glass with a long metal stick .	the man puts what on the glass and stirs the glass with a long metal stick ?	strainer
33946	A flat screen television is sitting on a stand showing the television show RAW .	what is sitting on the stand showing the television show raw ?	television
33947	On the show , two men are wrestling each over moving on the ground .	how many men are on the show , wrestling each over moving on the ground ?	two
33956	The camera person rides near the parking lot again .	what rides near the parking lot again ?	person
33966	When the female athlete finished her number , she jumped off the beam cartwheeling down the blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
33976	Two men are standing on a basketball goal .	how many men are standing on the basketball goal ?	two
33986	A man wearing a black hat is talking .	the man wearing what is talking ?	hat
33986	A man wearing a black hat is talking .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
33987	A man dribbles a basketball around some cones and shoots the ball .	the man dribbles a basketball around some cones and shoots what ?	ball
33988	Two people are playing basketball .	how many people are playing basketball ?	two
33990	A man is sitting on a stool while the dog is in front of him , the dog is wearing a red leash .	what is the color of the leash ?	red
33991	A white dog is hiding behind the wall .	what is hiding behind the wall ?	dog
33991	A white dog is hiding behind the wall .	what is the color of the dog ?	white
33994	A white dog is laying on the brown bed .	what is laying on the brown bed ?	dog
33994	A white dog is laying on the brown bed .	what is the color of the dog ?	white
33994	A white dog is laying on the brown bed .	what is the color of the bed ?	brown
33995	The beige dog is laying on the rug while the man is shaving the beige .	what is laying on the rug while the man is shaving the beige ?	dog
33996	We see a person in hockey gear skate onto the ice .	where do we see a person onto the ice . ?	skate
33997	Another person enters and we watch two people play hockey .	how many people do we watch play hockey ?	two
33998	We see the puck drop in front of the camera .	what do we see in front of the camera ?	drop
34015	Tubers are going down the river .	what are going down the river ?	tubers
34017	A tuber goes under a plank with a dog on it .	what goes under the plank with a dog on it ?	tuber
34018	The camera is pointed towards the sky and trees .	what is pointed towards the sky and trees ?	camera
34019	One tuber runs into branches , one stands up and falls over .	what runs into branches , one stands up and falls over ?	tuber
34019	One tuber runs into branches , one stands up and falls over .	how many tuber runs into branches , one stands up and falls over ?	one
34021	One guy gets his head tangled in branches .	how many guy gets his head tangled in branches ?	one
34024	A woman talking into a microphone wearing a white shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
34025	A man is playing pool behind a blue pool table .	what is the man playing behind a blue pool table ?	pool
34025	A man is playing pool behind a blue pool table .	what is the color of the table ?	blue
34030	The man plays pool again .	what does the man play again ?	pool
34040	The woman is sitting in a chair next to the pool table talking into the microphone .	where is the woman sitting . ?	chair
34050	The man places the hose back and starts to leave .	the man places what back and starts to leave ?	hose
34051	A man is dancing on a stage in white pants .	what is the color of the pants ?	white
34052	Two people start dancing together on a stage .	how many people start dancing together on the stage ?	two
34054	A person is playing a drum .	what is the person playing ?	drum
34059	He mounts off the horse and hits the cow several times .	he mounts off what and hits the cow several times ?	horse
34059	He mounts off the horse and hits the cow several times .	he mounts off the horse and hits what ?	cow
34061	The man lights a torch .	the man lights what ?	torch
34062	The man uses the torch to light the wood in the fire pit .	what does the man use ?	torch
34064	A man in a black shirt is checking food in a sandwich shop .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
34064	A man in a black shirt is checking food in a sandwich shop .	where is the man in a black shirt checking food . ?	shop
34072	A title screen appears for a tutorial for hockey agility .	what appears for the tutorial for hockey agility ?	screen
34074	Another title screen appear with a website just below it .	what appear with the website just below it ?	screen
34080	The woman uses the arm bars while walking on the aerobic machine .	what does the woman use while walking on the aerobic machine ?	bars
34085	The hand returns with an ink dropper and creates pictures with ink .	the hand returns with an ink dropper and creates what with ink ?	pictures
34086	The hand gently touches the picture with a paper towel .	what did the hand gently touch with a paper towel ?	picture
34087	The woman in black shirt is bend over and hit the ball with mallet .	the woman in black shirt is bend over and hit what with mallet ?	ball
34087	The woman in black shirt is bend over and hit the ball with mallet .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
34088	The woman hit again the green ball causing it to hit the small pole .	what did the woman hit again causing it to hit the small pole ?	ball
34088	The woman hit again the green ball causing it to hit the small pole .	what is the color of the ball ?	green
34089	The woman in black cheered and began to walk .	what is the color of the woman ?	black
34090	A stopwatch is shown and a crowd gathers for a game of field hockey .	what is shown and the crowd gathers for a game of field hockey ?	stopwatch
34096	A woman in a red short sleeved shirt stands on the sand of a playground and talks facing the camera , while standing next to some monkey bars .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
34097	The woman then climbs a wall and jumps off it in a gymnastic flip into the sand and begins to talk to the camera again .	the woman then climbs what and jumps off it in a gymnastic flip into the sand and begins to talk to the camera again ?	wall
34099	The players continue to move up and down the field past one another and many watching on the sides .	how many another and many watching do the players continue to move on the sides ?	one
34104	A long train whistle is heard as the cadets continue to wave to the crowd .	what is heard as the cadets continue to wave to the crowd ?	whistle
34120	A girl is shown riding a horse while three others hold onto the horse and help .	the girl is shown riding a horse while how many others hold onto the horse and help ?	three
34122	The people also walk through obstacle courses with the horses and keep one hand on at all times .	the people also walk through obstacle courses with the horses and keep how many hand on at all times ?	one
34130	The boy moves the mower all along the yard .	what does the boy move all along the yard ?	mower
34135	The group climb up the stairs to the top of the platform .	the group climb up what to the top of the platform ?	stairs
34140	A man in a blue shirt is sweeping the floor in a gym .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
34140	A man in a blue shirt is sweeping the floor in a gym .	where is the man in a blue shirt sweeping the floor . ?	gym
34141	He flips the broom over and lays it flat on the floor .	he flips what over and lays it flat on the floor ?	broom
34144	A camera shows several different ingredients laid out on a table followed by someone mixing the ingredients together .	what shows several different ingredients laid out on a table followed by someone mixing the ingredients together ?	camera
34144	A camera shows several different ingredients laid out on a table followed by someone mixing the ingredients together .	what does the camera show laid out on a table followed by someone mixing the ingredients together ?	ingredients
34145	They put the mixture on a pan to create cookies in the oven and show off the final results .	where did they put the mixture on a pan to create cookies and show off the final results . ?	oven
34147	Once she opens the door , the camera pans many workout machines and the woman begins talking to the program director .	what does , pan many workout machines and the woman begins talking to the program director ?	camera
34150	Four guys are throwing golf balls across a table to hit plastic cups .	what are four guys throwing golf across a table to hit plastic cups ?	balls
34150	Four guys are throwing golf balls across a table to hit plastic cups .	how many guys are throwing golf balls across a table to hit plastic cups ?	four
34151	Two guys high five after one guy gets the golf ball into the plastic cup .	what does two guys high five after one guy get golf into the plastic cup ?	ball
34151	Two guys high five after one guy gets the golf ball into the plastic cup .	how many guys high five after one guy gets the golf ball into the plastic cup ?	two
34154	A guy throws a golf ball with his back toward the table , lands it inside the cup , and leaves the room .	the guy throws golf what with his back toward the table , lands it inside the cup , and leaves the room ?	ball
34154	A guy throws a golf ball with his back toward the table , lands it inside the cup , and leaves the room .	the guy throws a golf ball with his back toward the table , lands it inside the cup , and leaves what ?	room
34157	The person then wipes a rag all over the pumpkin cleaning off its sides .	what does the person then wipe all over the pumpkin cleaning off its sides ?	rag
34159	He sets up the bow and gets his arrows .	he sets up what and gets his arrows ?	bow
34164	Four people plays soccer table indoors .	how many people plays soccer table indoors ?	four
34165	A man shows a ball on a stick and demonstrates the movement of the ball on the soccer table .	the man shows what on a stick and demonstrates the movement of the ball on the soccer table ?	ball
34166	Then the mans shows the ball to the players , and one of them grab the ball and others play .	what does then the mans show to the players , and one of them grab the ball and others play ?	ball
34172	Finally , the use of cloths by the workers smooths and shines the skis .	what does finally , the use of cloths by the workers smooth and shines ?	skis
34175	The female then uses the rag to rub the inside of the sink .	what does the female then use ?	rag
34176	The same female then uses a different rag to rub the sink surface .	what does the same female then use ?	rag
34177	The female puts more cleaner on the rag and cleans the counter top .	the female puts what on the rag and cleans the counter top ?	cleaner
34180	A woman talks and shows a little bottle .	what does the woman talk and shows ?	bottle
34181	Then , the woman put on her eyes white contact lenses and continues explaining .	what is the color of the lenses ?	white
34183	They kick and push each other down .	what do they kick and push ?	down
34184	A screen of stars in a black sky are shown .	what is the color of the sky ?	black
34186	The man catches the calf and ties it up .	the man catches what and ties it up ?	calf
34187	A man wearing a black shirt is demonstrating how to polish wood and other surfaces using liquid polish and a white soft cloth .	the man wearing what is demonstrating how to polish wood and other surfaces using liquid polish and a white soft cloth ?	shirt
34187	A man wearing a black shirt is demonstrating how to polish wood and other surfaces using liquid polish and a white soft cloth .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
34187	A man wearing a black shirt is demonstrating how to polish wood and other surfaces using liquid polish and a white soft cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
34188	He pours some of the polish from the bottle onto the cloth and uses it to gently scrub ad rub it over the furniture and tabletop .	he pours some of the polish from the bottle onto the cloth and uses it to gently how many ad rub it over the furniture and tabletop ?	scrub
34190	A dog pushes a stroller down the sidewalk .	what pushes the stroller down the sidewalk ?	dog
34191	A person in white passes the tree .	what does the person in white pass ?	tree
34191	A person in white passes the tree .	what is the color of the person ?	white
34192	The dog passes a small tree .	what passes the small tree ?	dog
34192	The dog passes a small tree .	what does the dog pass ?	tree
34193	A man does several back flips on a red mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	red
34194	A woman in a black shirt watches him go by and claps .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
34204	The screen shows details of how to subscribe to the channel .	what shows details of how to subscribe to the channel ?	screen
34207	The man is then shown moving the grass again and when he 's done he 's once again indoors and this time getting three one dollar bills handed to him .	when he 's done he 's once again indoors and this time getting how many dollar bills handed to him ?	one
34209	The man goes back to mowing the yard and then back indoors to get one more dollar handed to him .	how many more dollar does the man go back to mowing the yard and then back indoors to get handed to him ?	one
34214	The man puts the handlebars back on .	what does the man put back on ?	handlebars
34218	Two men talk to the camera , interspersed with action footage of them playing lacrosse .	how many men talk to the camera , interspersed with action footage of them playing lacrosse ?	two
34219	The man dressed in orange talks to the camera .	what is the color of the talks ?	orange
34221	The man in orange talks to the camera again .	what is the color of the talks ?	orange
34225	The two man practice passing the ball to each other with the wall .	what is the two man practice passing to each other with the wall ?	ball
34225	The two man practice passing the ball to each other with the wall .	how many man practice is passing the ball to each other with the wall ?	two
34231	She puts an apron on and pours paint into a bucket while speaking to the camera .	she puts what on and pours paint into a bucket while speaking to the camera ?	apron
34231	She puts an apron on and pours paint into a bucket while speaking to the camera .	she puts an apron on and pours what into a bucket while speaking to the camera ?	paint
34233	A woman is seen sitting in a chair while speaking to the camera and leads into a close up of a tree and the woman putting ornaments on .	where is the woman seen sitting while speaking to the camera and leads into a close up of a tree and the woman putting ornaments on . ?	chair
34234	The woman ties string all along the tree while the camera pans around and ends with her showing off the end result and speaking to the camera .	what does the woman tie all along the tree ?	string
34241	A black intro screen appears with white words and letters saying `` Eric Bristow 's unique TV ` Robin Hood ' Darts shot 1983 vs J Wilson '' .	what appears with white words and letters saying `` eric bristow 's unique tv ` robin hood ' darts shot 1983 vs j wilson '' ?	screen
34241	A black intro screen appears with white words and letters saying `` Eric Bristow 's unique TV ` Robin Hood ' Darts shot 1983 vs J Wilson '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
34242	An older looking video begins and two different men are throwing darts at a dartboard .	how many different men are throwing darts at a dartboard ?	two
34243	When the men are done throwing darts , a dartboard is show and blue letters scroll up from the bottom to the top .	what is , show and blue letters scroll up from the bottom to the top ?	dartboard
34245	Water is brought to a boil in a pot and the pasta is added to the pot .	what is water brought to a boil in a pot and is added to the pot ?	pasta
34246	Parsley is finely chopped along with some garlic , and the clams are drained into a bowl to separate them from the juice .	what is parsley finely chopped along with some garlic , and are drained into a bowl to separate them from the juice ?	clams
34247	The pasta is drained and added into the pan with the sauce .	what is drained and added into the pan with the sauce ?	pasta
34248	The pasta is then served with shredded cheese on top .	what is then served with shredded cheese on top ?	pasta
34263	The woman sets the iron aside and flips the clothing .	the woman sets the iron aside and flips what ?	clothing
34269	Various ingredients are laid out on a table and leads into a person pouring the ingredients into a bowl .	what are laid out on the table and leads into a person pouring the ingredients into a bowl ?	ingredients
34273	Two people lift a large weight over their heads .	how many people lift the large weight over their heads ?	two
34276	Two cars are seen parked outside of a garage as a man focuses his camera .	what are seen parked outside of the garage as a man focuses his camera ?	cars
34276	Two cars are seen parked outside of a garage as a man focuses his camera .	how many cars are seen parked outside of the garage as a man focuses his camera ?	two
34278	The piece is on the concrete and he puts the bottom of the mask on and begins burning the metal .	what is on the concrete and he puts the bottom of the mask on and begins burning the metal ?	piece
34282	A man is buffing down his skis in a garage .	where is the man buffing down his skis . ?	garage
34287	She climbs up the side of the playground and goes down the slide again .	she climbs up the side of the playground and goes down what again ?	slide
34289	One runner makes his way down the track and jumps into a large sand pit and walks away .	how many runner makes his way down the track and jumps into a large sand pit and walks away ?	one
34290	A man in red runs jumps and flips over an obstacle .	what is the color of the runs ?	red
34297	She bends over and fixes her uniform , dusting off her bottom as she walks away .	she bends over and fixes what , dusting off her bottom ?	uniform
34301	The man in the corner kicks the ball straight into the net .	what does the man in the corner kick straight into the net ?	ball
34305	One of the players kicks the ball into the stands and walks off with his head down .	one of the players kicks what into the stands and walks off with his head down ?	ball
34311	The two men walk back on to the court as the group starts talking again around the court floor and edge .	how many men walk back on to the court as the group starts talking again around the court floor and edge ?	two
34314	The camera moves around the man 's back .	what moves around the man 's back ?	camera
34327	He peels off the layers and begins rubbing down the carpet .	he peels off what and begins rubbing down the carpet ?	layers
34329	Finally the person vacuums up the carpet and is seen standing next to the vacuum .	finally the person vacuums up what and is seen standing next to the vacuum ?	carpet
34330	Three people are in the gym , one of the males is kneeling down and jerking a bar while the other is giving a massage to a woman .	how many people are in the gym ?	three
34330	Three people are in the gym , one of the males is kneeling down and jerking a bar while the other is giving a massage to a woman .	where are three people , one of the males is kneeling down and jerking a bar while the other is giving a massage to a woman . ?	gym
34331	The male with the bar lifts the weights , drops it and then jumps in joy that he has lifted the weight , drops his belt and walks off .	the male with the bar lifts the weights , drops it and then jumps in joy that he has lifted the weight , drops what and walks off ?	belt
34333	She grabs some makeup and begins putting it all over her face .	she grabs what and begins putting it all over her face ?	makeup
34338	A camera pans around large city buildings and leads into people riding motocross bikes .	what pans around large city buildings and leads into people riding motocross bikes ?	camera
34339	More clips are seen of people performing tricks on the bike while hundreds watch on the sidelines .	what are seen of people performing tricks on the bike while hundreds watch on the sidelines ?	clips
34344	Four people are doing situps on the ground .	how many people are doing situps on the ground ?	four
34348	They release a calf from a box .	what do they release from a box ?	calf
34351	The man temporarily stops the drill to pull off a small piece of potato and a long piece of metal is shown sticking out of the drill .	what does the man temporarily stop and a long piece of metal is shown sticking out of the drill ?	drill
34352	The man then puts another potato onto the pointy metal piece and continues to peel the potato .	the man then puts what onto the pointy metal piece and continues to peel the potato ?	potato
34360	The woman finishes her dance and picks up her wrap .	the woman finishes her dance and picks up what ?	wrap
34361	We see a somber lady holding a microphone .	we see a somber lady holding what ?	microphone
34362	A young man in blue t-shirt walks through small dance studio room .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	blue
34363	The young man sets his stereo down on a chair .	what does the young man set down on a chair ?	stereo
34369	He is cutting up cheese and adding ham to the sandwich .	what is he cutting up and adding ham to the sandwich ?	cheese
34369	He is cutting up cheese and adding ham to the sandwich .	what is he cutting up cheese and adding to the sandwich ?	ham
34370	He even cuts the bread into a batman shape before finally doing being done .	what does he even cut into a batman shape before finally doing being done ?	bread
34371	Two men are in a small gym boxing and fighting one another .	how many men are in the small gym boxing and fighting one another ?	two
34380	A woman is bathing a white and brown puppy dog in a bathtub .	where is the woman bathing a white and brown puppy dog . ?	bathtub
34382	The woman is holding the dog with its two front legs .	what is the woman holding with its two front legs ?	dog
34385	They are drinking and playing beer pong .	what are they drinking and playing ?	pong
34391	The yellow team on the left side pulls the rope mostly to the left or wins .	the yellow team on the left side pulls what mostly to the left or wins ?	rope
34391	The yellow team on the left side pulls the rope mostly to the left or wins .	what is the color of the team ?	yellow
34392	An adult grabs the arm of a blue team member .	what is the color of the member ?	blue
34395	A camera pans out on a man 's back followed by a man performing a flipping dive into a pool .	what pans out on the man 's back followed by a man performing a flipping dive into a pool ?	camera
34396	He is shown twice more performing impressing dives off the diving board and into the pool .	what is he shown off the diving board and into the pool ?	dives
34397	A man is doing a rubiks cube behind a table .	what is the man doing behind a table ?	cube
34399	He picks up another rubiks cube and starts completing it .	he picks up what and starts completing it ?	cube
34400	A blond woman is sitting on a bed in a hotel room videotaping her self in a mirror with a white phone and talking to the camera .	what is the color of the phone ?	white
34401	the woman stands up and points the camera to the door into the bathroom where a man is washing his sneakers in the sink with a brush .	the woman stands up and points what to the door into the bathroom where a man is washing his sneakers in the sink with a brush ?	camera
34403	The blond woman walks back into the bathroom and video tapes the man holding the white sneakers .	the blond woman walks back into the bathroom and video tapes the man holding what ?	sneakers
34403	The blond woman walks back into the bathroom and video tapes the man holding the white sneakers .	what is the color of the sneakers ?	white
34407	The camera pans around the group playing drums while people them on the side .	what pans around the group playing drums while people them on the side ?	camera
34410	A second athlete in grey shirt throws a shotput .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
34412	A large man in yellow shirt and headband spins and throws a shut put that veers to the left of the field .	where does the large man spin and throws a shut put that veers to the left of the field . ?	headband
34417	A young man clips the hair of several older men in an outdoor barber chair .	where did the young man clip the hair of several older men . ?	chair
34420	The man is seen again cutting a mans hair in the outdoor barber chair .	where is the man seen again cutting a mans hair . ?	chair
34422	He blends the drink together .	what does he blend together ?	drink
34423	He puts orange slices on two glasses .	what does he put on two glasses ?	slices
34423	He puts orange slices on two glasses .	what is the color of the slices ?	orange
34429	Two workers are shown at a shop outdoors .	how many workers are shown at the shop outdoors ?	two
34431	They then rinse the cars and wipe them clean .	they then rinse what and wipe them clean ?	cars
34432	The final product is shown as a clean , shiny italian car .	what is shown as the clean , shiny italian car ?	product
34433	A man in a red polo shirt demonstrates the Kleva Sharp sharpener .	what does the man in a red polo shirt demonstrate ?	sharpener
34433	A man in a red polo shirt demonstrates the Kleva Sharp sharpener .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
34434	He sharpens a dull butcher knife and cuts a tomato .	he sharpens what and cuts a tomato ?	knife
34434	He sharpens a dull butcher knife and cuts a tomato .	he sharpens a dull butcher knife and cuts what ?	tomato
34435	The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices .	the man in the red polo shirt then sharpens what and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices ?	knife
34435	The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices .	the man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts what into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices ?	tomato
34435	The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices .	the man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts what into slices ?	cucumber
34435	The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
34437	The demonstrator then sharpens a serated bread knife and slices a loaf of bread .	the demonstrator then sharpens what and slices a loaf of bread ?	knife
34439	The Kleva Sharpener is dismounted from the table and stored in a cabinet drawer .	where is the kleva sharpener dismounted from the table and stored . ?	drawer
34446	Then another group of people are riding in a cart through the snow .	where are then another group of people riding . ?	cart
34447	Three skiers are pictured on top of a mountain of a snow and they begin skiing .	how many skiers are pictured on top of a mountain of a snow ?	three
34451	The young lady put a towel on front her face .	what did the young lady put on front her face ?	towel
34456	The car stops at an intersection .	what stops at an intersection ?	car
34457	The car makes a u-turn .	what makes the u-turn ?	car
34460	The man shows his wet car .	what does the man show ?	car
34462	man is holding a shovel and cleaning the path from the snow .	what is man holding and cleaning the path from the snow ?	shovel
34463	little kid is wearing red snow clothes and is standing nxt to a car .	little kid is wearing what and is standing nxt to a car ?	clothes
34463	little kid is wearing red snow clothes and is standing nxt to a car .	what is the color of the clothes ?	red
34465	A lady in a black tank top gives instruction on how to blow dry a girl 's hair wearing a blue t-shirt .	what is the color of the top ?	black
34465	A lady in a black tank top gives instruction on how to blow dry a girl 's hair wearing a blue t-shirt .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	blue
34467	The lady in the black tank top uses the blow drier while combing the hair with a brush .	what is the color of the top ?	black
34469	A man wearing a blue shirt and a man wearing a dart shirt enter a stage surrounded by a crowd .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
34470	The two men competes paper , scissors and rock on front a judge .	how many men competes paper , scissors and rock on front a judge ?	two
34471	The two men continues competing while the judge gives the start .	how many men continues competing while the judge gives the start ?	two
34472	Then , the two men continue competing , after the man wearing dark shirt wins the competition and people cheers .	how many men do then , continue competing , after the man wearing dark shirt wins the competition and people cheers ?	two
34482	We see an opening screen on white .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
34487	The lady puts her shoe in the bucket and scrubs it with a the brush .	the lady puts what in the bucket and scrubs it with a the brush ?	shoe
34489	We see a radiator illustration .	what do we see ?	illustration
34490	The lady picks up the soap and we see an illustration of a shelf .	what does the lady pick up and we see an illustration of a shelf ?	soap
34493	The camera then pans the cabin and a large mountain of snow is shown .	what then pans the cabin and a large mountain of snow is shown ?	camera
34498	The man then plays the instrument as the camera captures him from several angles while pausing to speak .	what does the man then play ?	instrument
34499	A man in white shirt and gray shorts is standing at the center of the court , while young people in black tops and black shorts are standing behind him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
34499	A man in white shirt and gray shorts is standing at the center of the court , while young people in black tops and black shorts are standing behind him .	what is the color of the shorts ?	gray
34499	A man in white shirt and gray shorts is standing at the center of the court , while young people in black tops and black shorts are standing behind him .	what is the color of the tops ?	black
34499	A man in white shirt and gray shorts is standing at the center of the court , while young people in black tops and black shorts are standing behind him .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
34501	She lifts the violin up and starts playing it .	she lifts what up and starts playing it ?	violin
34502	She finishes and lowers the violin .	what does she finish and lowers ?	violin
34504	Many people are watching the interview and one man speaks to a woman angrily .	how many man speaks to the woman angrily ?	one
34508	Another woman walks into frame when one woman pours more into the bowl and mixing it around .	another woman walks into frame when how many woman pours more into the bowl and mixing it around ?	one
34510	The camera pans around a large group of people holding bows and arrows followed by several shots of them shooting the arrows .	what pans around the large group of people holding bows and arrows followed by several shots of them shooting the arrows ?	camera
34514	There are two lady tennis players on a clay court who are demonstrating how to throw the ball up high to the partner .	how many lady tennis players are there on a clay court who are demonstrating how to throw the ball up high to the partner ?	two
34515	The player is shuffling behind the net and turning the racquet upside down in between the shots .	what is the player shuffling behind the net and turning upside down in between the shots ?	racquet
34516	Then the players demonstrate another drill as they shuffle on the tennis court in between shots and returning the balls .	what do then the players demonstrate as they shuffle on the tennis court in between shots and returning the balls ?	drill
34517	The player bounces the ball back with the tip of the racquet handle .	what does the player bounce back with the tip of the racquet handle ?	ball
34524	Three people are seen flying a kite in a field and text appears on the screen .	how many people are seen flying the kite in a field ?	three
34527	The man then spins around and throws the ball into the field .	the man then spins around and throws what into the field ?	ball
34531	An aerial view is then provided , then the camera pans the crowd .	what is an aerial view then provided , then pans the crowd ?	camera
34532	A man puts a harness on and steps on a bridge .	the man puts what on and steps on a bridge ?	harness
34534	A boat drives up and puts him in the boat .	what drives up and puts him in the boat ?	boat
34552	Another player then catches the ball .	what does another player then catch ?	ball
34554	The boy get the bottle under the bed and is holding it and then drink it .	the boy get what under the bed and is holding it and then drink it ?	bottle
34562	A girl wipes off a yellow plate with a towel .	what is the color of the plate ?	yellow
34563	Three girls are washing dishes in large tubs .	how many girls are washing dishes in large tubs ?	three
34566	The woman puts a ribbon around the side as well as a label and smiles to the camera .	the woman puts what around the side as well as a label and smiles to the camera ?	ribbon
34577	A girl wearing a black blouse describes how to bake in a kitchen .	the girl wearing what describes how to bake in a kitchen ?	blouse
34577	A girl wearing a black blouse describes how to bake in a kitchen .	what is the color of the blouse ?	black
34578	The baker pours flour into a clear bowl using a measuring cup .	what does the baker pour into a clear bowl using a measuring cup ?	flour
34579	The baker then scoops out four level tablespoons from a yellow container of cornstarch and ads it to the bowl of flour .	the baker then scoops out how many level tablespoons from a yellow container of cornstarch and ads it to the bowl of flour ?	four
34579	The baker then scoops out four level tablespoons from a yellow container of cornstarch and ads it to the bowl of flour .	what is the color of the container ?	yellow
34580	The baker pours the flour and cornstarch mixture into a sifter and begins sifting the ingredients three times .	the baker pours the flour and cornstarch mixture into a sifter and begins sifting the ingredients how many times ?	three
34582	The person pole volts over the beam onto a mat and is shown again in slow motion .	what volts over the beam onto a mat and is shown again in slow motion ?	pole
34584	Two reporters talk in a TV set with audience .	how many reporters talk in the tv set with audience ?	two
34595	A man in a black vest is standing in a room .	what is the color of the vest ?	black
34595	A man in a black vest is standing in a room .	where is the man standing in a room . ?	vest
34598	A man walks up and pulls the dart out of the board .	the man walks up and pulls what out of the board ?	dart
34599	Two teams are on the field playa game trying to score .	how many teams are on the field playa game trying to score ?	two
34600	One of the players on the blue team falls down on the field .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
34601	Another blue player gets the ball from out of bounds , puts it on the line and hits back into the game .	another blue player gets what from out of bounds , puts it on the line and hits back into the game ?	ball
34601	Another blue player gets the ball from out of bounds , puts it on the line and hits back into the game .	what is the color of the player ?	blue
34603	A lawn mower is shown on the ground .	what is shown on the ground ?	mower
34604	A man starts the lawn mower and begins mowing the lawn .	the man starts what and begins mowing the lawn ?	mower
34607	She then dips the mops into a bucket and washes them along the floor .	she then dips what into a bucket and washes them along the floor ?	mops
34612	One team wins and they are shown bringing home their trophy and cheering and then it goes back to showing the rest of the team competing .	how many team wins and they are shown bringing home their trophy and cheering ?	one
34626	The girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush .	the girl turns off what , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush ?	faucet
34626	The girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush .	the girl turns off the faucet , unscrews what , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush ?	toothpaste
34626	The girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush .	the girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts what on her toothbrush ?	toothpaste
34627	The girl brushes her teeth and spit in the sink .	where did the girl brush her teeth and spit . ?	sink
34641	Four bikers raced and jumped over the ramps , the biker in white is leading in the race .	what did four bikers race and jumped over , the biker in white is leading in the race ?	ramps
34641	Four bikers raced and jumped over the ramps , the biker in white is leading in the race .	how many bikers raced and jumped over the ramps ?	four
34641	Four bikers raced and jumped over the ramps , the biker in white is leading in the race .	what is the color of the biker ?	white
34645	The players are holding a flat bat and running towards the balls .	what are the players holding and running towards the balls ?	bat
34646	The players bounced the balls on the bat , some of them picked up the balls from the ground using the bat .	what did the players bounce on the bat , some of them picked up the balls from the ground using the bat ?	balls
34647	The girl in blue jacket bounced the ball on her bat and she walked forward , but the ball fall on the ground .	what do and , but fall on the ground ?	ball
34647	The girl in blue jacket bounced the ball on her bat and she walked forward , but the ball fall on the ground .	what is the color of the jacket ?	blue
34648	A girl in the black vest is picking up the ball from the ground using her bat .	what is the girl in the black vest picking up from the ground using her bat ?	ball
34648	A girl in the black vest is picking up the ball from the ground using her bat .	what is the color of the vest ?	black
34648	A girl in the black vest is picking up the ball from the ground using her bat .	where is the girl picking up the ball from the ground using her bat . ?	vest
34649	Two girls walked normally without chasing the balls .	how many girls walked normally without chasing the balls ?	two
34658	The ball is passed another to score a goal and then the game continues on .	what is passed another to score a goal and then the game continues on ?	ball
34660	After about three strings , he moves and gives the stick to a young girl with a grey and black dress on .	what does after about three strings , he move and gives to a young girl with a grey and black dress on ?	stick
34665	There are two kids on the swing set while two old ladies standing beside them swinging them .	how many kids are there on the swing set while two old ladies standing beside them swinging them ?	two
34667	The old lady in purple continues to swing the boy , while the old lady in pink top stood and rest her back on the red bar of the swing .	what is the color of the bar ?	red
34668	The littler girl near the bench sat to pick up something from the blue ground .	what is the color of the ground ?	blue
34669	A man wearing glasses is on a stage .	the man wearing what is on a stage ?	glasses
34673	Two kids are seen playing a game of shuffleboard on the side of a boat while the camera watches .	how many kids are seen playing the game of shuffleboard on the side of a boat while the camera watches ?	two
34676	The man then mixes various ingredients together and finally putting the ingredients on the stove top .	what does the man then mix together and finally putting the ingredients on the stove top ?	ingredients
34676	The man then mixes various ingredients together and finally putting the ingredients on the stove top .	what does the man then mix various ingredients together and finally putting on the stove top ?	ingredients
34677	He finishes the plate by making an omelette and serves it on a plate and cuts it up .	he finishes what by making an omelette and serves it on a plate and cuts it up ?	plate
34679	The last man on the parallel bars seems to be practicing in a gym with no large group of spectators looking on .	where does the last man on the parallel bars seem to be practicing . ?	gym
34681	A person wets the dog and puts shampoo on it .	the person wets what and puts shampoo on it ?	dog
34681	A person wets the dog and puts shampoo on it .	the person wets the dog and puts what on it ?	shampoo
34683	They stand the dog up and wash him .	they stand what up and wash him ?	dog
34684	They rinse the soap off the dog .	what do they rinse off the dog ?	soap
34685	We see the wet little dog from above .	what do we see from above ?	dog
34686	A woman is cleaning clothes on a table .	what is the woman cleaning on a table ?	clothes
34688	She picks up a brush and scrubs the clothing .	she picks up a brush and scrubs what ?	clothing
34690	She picks up the clothing and sets it next to her .	she picks up what and sets it next to her ?	clothing
34692	The man mounts the pommel horse and spins his legs around it .	the man mounts what and spins his legs around it ?	horse
34700	A man turns around while water skiing and holds the rope with his foot .	the man turns around while water skiing and holds what with his foot ?	rope
34702	Two men are doing Capoeira surrounded by a circle of people .	how many men are doing capoeira surrounded by a circle of people ?	two
34704	They shake hands and leave the circle allowing two other men to enter the circle .	what do they shake hands and leave allowing two other men to enter the circle ?	circle
34704	They shake hands and leave the circle allowing two other men to enter the circle .	they shake hands and leave the circle allowing how many other men to enter the circle ?	two
34705	A man in blue and a man in grey greet each other in the middle of the circle .	what is the color of the greet ?	gray
34706	The other two men begin to perform Capoeira for the crowd .	how many men begin to perform capoeira for the crowd ?	two
34707	We see a dark opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
34711	We see a large black dog being blow dried .	what do we see ?	dog
34711	We see a large black dog being blow dried .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
34713	We see two dark ending screens .	what do we see ?	screens
34713	We see two dark ending screens .	how many dark ending screens do we see ?	two
34714	` A cookie is shown on a plate .	what is ` shown on the plate ?	cookie
34715	Ingredients are being added to a glass bowl and being mixed together .	what are being added to the glass bowl and being mixed together ?	ingredients
34716	Chocolate chips are added to the dough .	what are added to the dough ?	chips
34717	The dough is flattened out onto a cookie sheet .	what is flattened out onto the cookie sheet ?	dough
34719	Candies are placed on top of the cookie .	what are placed on top of the cookie ?	candies
34720	The cookie is cut and placed on a plate .	what is cut and placed on the plate ?	cookie
34721	A fork is shown eating the cookie .	what is shown eating the cookie ?	fork
34722	A woman is sitting in a booth .	where is the woman sitting . ?	booth
34726	Two teams compete in a badminton game in gymnasium .	how many teams compete in the badminton game in gymnasium ?	two
34732	A camera pans around a picture of a horse followed by a person brushing and vacuuming hair off of a horse .	what pans around the picture of a horse followed by a person brushing and vacuuming hair off of a horse ?	camera
34739	He uses a bait to fish and catches a mid size gray fish .	he uses a bait to fish and catches what ?	fish
34739	He uses a bait to fish and catches a mid size gray fish .	what is the color of the fish ?	gray
34740	He shows the two fish that he has caught .	what does he show ?	fish
34740	He shows the two fish that he has caught .	how many fish does he show that he has caught ?	two
34741	Then he puts his fishing net in a hole in the lake and continues fishing .	then he puts fishing what in a hole in the lake and continues fishing ?	net
34742	He catches another dark gray fish and tosses it in his box .	he catches what and tosses it in his box ?	fish
34742	He catches another dark gray fish and tosses it in his box .	what is the color of the fish ?	gray
34743	He continues fishing and catches more fish in that same hole .	he continues fishing and catches what in that same hole ?	fish
34744	He collects the fish in a white bucket .	what is the color of the bucket ?	white
34744	He collects the fish in a white bucket .	where does he collect the fish . ?	bucket
34753	She rinses her hands off in the sink .	where does she rinse her hands off . ?	sink
34754	She grabs a paper towel and dries her hands .	she grabs what and dries her hands ?	towel
34755	Several people are hitting an instrument with sticks .	what are several people hitting with sticks ?	instrument
34756	Two men do flips in front of each other .	how many men do flips in front of each other ?	two
34760	The man holds up a coffee cup while talking .	what does the man hold up while talking ?	cup
34766	The camera pans around the woman in the end and shows off their score .	what pans around the woman in the end and shows off their score ?	camera
34772	A man sets up a camera in a bar .	where does the man set up a camera . ?	bar
34774	The man shoots pool alone .	what does the man shoot alone ?	pool
34777	A camera pans around a shower and zooms in on a person shaving their legs .	what pans around the shower and zooms in on a person shaving their legs ?	camera
34778	The camera watches her move her arms all around her legs while the water runs down the drain .	what watches her move her arms all around her legs while the water runs down the drain ?	camera
34781	Then , the woman put ice in a glass , then she adds liquors from three bottles .	what did then , the woman put ice in a glass , then she adds from three bottles ?	liquors
34791	They pour ingredients into a large bowl and mix it together .	they pour what into a large bowl and mix it together ?	ingredients
34795	A young man plays drums on a stage with lights dancing in the background .	what does the young man play on a stage with lights dancing in the background ?	drums
34798	She pours more soap onto the dog and drags him over and leads into pictures of the dog all cleaned .	she pours what onto the dog and drags him over and leads into pictures of the dog all cleaned ?	soap
34799	A person applies paint designs to a red fingernail on a plastic hand with a flexible black limb labeled `` nail trainer '' .	what does the person apply to a red fingernail on a plastic hand with a flexible black limb labeled `` nail trainer '' ?	designs
34799	A person applies paint designs to a red fingernail on a plastic hand with a flexible black limb labeled `` nail trainer '' .	what is the color of the fingernail ?	red
34799	A person applies paint designs to a red fingernail on a plastic hand with a flexible black limb labeled `` nail trainer '' .	what is the color of the limb ?	black
34800	A brown plastic hand with a black plastic arm appears with white fingernail tips and red fingernails .	what is the color of the hand ?	brown
34800	A brown plastic hand with a black plastic arm appears with white fingernail tips and red fingernails .	what is the color of the arm ?	black
34800	A brown plastic hand with a black plastic arm appears with white fingernail tips and red fingernails .	what is the color of the tips ?	white
34800	A brown plastic hand with a black plastic arm appears with white fingernail tips and red fingernails .	what is the color of the fingernails ?	red
34801	A person 's real hand appears and begins to apply white designs on one of the red fingernails on the plastic hand .	what is the color of the designs ?	white
34801	A person 's real hand appears and begins to apply white designs on one of the red fingernails on the plastic hand .	what is the color of the fingernails ?	red
34802	The scene then fades to a closeup of one finished red fingernail with a complete white design from the plastic hand .	what is the color of the fingernail ?	red
34802	The scene then fades to a closeup of one finished red fingernail with a complete white design from the plastic hand .	what is the color of the design ?	white
34803	Cars are driving on a road .	what are driving on the road ?	cars
34805	People get back into their car and put the snowboard on top of the car .	people get back into their car and put what on top of the car ?	snowboard
34821	She is washing dishes in the sink and talking to the person with the camera .	where is she washing dishes and talking to the person with the camera . ?	sink
34827	Two boys are standing in a living room next to a tree and begin taking ornaments out of two plastic bins and decorating the tree .	how many boys are standing in the living room next to a tree and begin taking ornaments out of two plastic bins and decorating the tree ?	two
34829	After , the boys receive help from a male and puts the tree topper on .	after , the boys receive help from a male and puts what on ?	topper
34832	Two people in scuba gear stand on the ledge of a platform while two other people watch from a platform above .	how many people in scuba gear stand on the ledge of a platform while two other people watch from a platform above ?	two
34833	The two people in scuba gear jump in the water .	how many people in scuba gear jump in the water ?	two
34834	One person in scuba gear holds on to the other person in scuba gear and does something to her tank .	how many person in scuba gear holds on to the other person in scuba gear and does something to her tank ?	one
34835	One person pushes the other one away .	how many person pushes the other one away ?	one
34838	A large black dog and a little girl in a white blouse carries two hoolahoops in the living room .	how many hoolahoops does the large black dog and a little girl in a white blouse carry in the living room ?	two
34838	A large black dog and a little girl in a white blouse carries two hoolahoops in the living room .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
34838	A large black dog and a little girl in a white blouse carries two hoolahoops in the living room .	what is the color of the blouse ?	white
34838	A large black dog and a little girl in a white blouse carries two hoolahoops in the living room .	where does the large black dog and a little girl carry two hoolahoops in the living room . ?	blouse
34839	The little girl holds a hoola hoop in front of the dog and the dog walks through the hoolahoop .	what does the little girl hold in front of the dog and the dog walks through the hoolahoop ?	hoop
34839	The little girl holds a hoola hoop in front of the dog and the dog walks through the hoolahoop .	what does the little girl hold a hoola hoop in front of the dog and walks through the hoolahoop ?	dog
34840	The little girl spins the other hoola hoop around her waste and spins it 10 or 12 times .	the little girl spins what around her waste and spins it 10 or 12 times ?	hoop
34841	The little girl walks up to the black dog and lets the dog lick her hand .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
34842	Five boys are shown walking in a playground .	how many boys are shown walking in the playground ?	five
34844	For the finale , all five guys get onto the swings and perform a back flip .	for the finale , how many guys get onto the swings and perform a back flip ?	five
34847	She does cartwheels as part of her routine .	what does she do as part of her routine ?	cartwheels
34848	She drops the baton , but picks it back up and continues with the routine .	she drops what , but picks it back up and continues with the routine ?	baton
34850	Two boys at a young age are playing fooseball with each other .	how many boys at a young age are playing fooseball with each other ?	two
34851	One grab the ball and puts it back into play .	one grab what and puts it back into play ?	ball
34856	the screen is playing a video and the credits are in the right side .	what is playing the video and the credits are in the right side ?	screen
34858	There 's a young girl wearing an athletic tank top and shorts doing back flips in her backyard .	what does there 's a young girl wearing an athletic tank top and doing back flips in her backyard ?	shorts
34858	There 's a young girl wearing an athletic tank top and shorts doing back flips in her backyard .	where does 's a young girl wearing an athletic tank top and shorts doing back flips . ?	backyard
34865	A man is measuring and cutting carpet while kneeling .	what is the man measuring and cutting ?	kneeling
34866	The man adds a strip and puts a tool in the seam .	the man adds what and puts a tool in the seam ?	strip
34867	The man runs a black item over the seam repeatedly then stands .	what is the color of the item ?	black
34868	We see the closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
34869	Two men are seen running around an enclosed room holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball around the room .	how many men are seen running around an enclosed room holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball around the room ?	two
34886	A woman begins walking down a cobble stone sidewalk with brown boots and then she is seen twirling a hula hoop .	what is the color of the boots ?	brown
34895	The outro clip begins and it 's similar to the intro .	what begins and it 's similar to the intro ?	clip
34896	A man plugs a mowing machine , then he pushes the mower to cut the grass in a backyard .	what does the man plug , then he pushes the mower to cut the grass in a backyard ?	machine
34896	A man plugs a mowing machine , then he pushes the mower to cut the grass in a backyard .	what does the man plug a mowing machine , then he pushes ?	mower
34898	Two wrestlers are up on a ring arguing .	how many wrestlers are up on the ring arguing ?	two
34905	Two little boys rake leaves in a backyard while a little girl watches and walks with them as they rake .	how many little boys rake leaves in the backyard while a little girl watches and walks with them as they rake ?	two
34905	Two little boys rake leaves in a backyard while a little girl watches and walks with them as they rake .	where does two little boys rake leave while a little girl watches and walks with them as they rake . ?	backyard
34906	The two little boys rake leaves with red handled rakes and a little girl watches them and hangs around while they rake .	how many little boys rake leaves with red handled rakes and a little girl watches them and hangs around while they rake ?	two
34907	The two boys start raking to the right of the lawn and the little girl runs behind them .	how many boys start raking to the right of the lawn ?	two
34912	A person is jumping rope on a white mat .	what is the person jumping on a white mat ?	rope
34912	A person is jumping rope on a white mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	white
34913	A man is kneeling down on the ground in front of a red table .	what is the color of the table ?	red
34916	Then , the child flips and land stand on the floor , then walks .	what does then , the child flip and stand on the floor , then walks ?	land
34920	The car travels down a winding highway as the camera pans between the people talking at the time .	what travels down the winding highway as the camera pans between the people talking at the time ?	car
34922	A small group of people are seen standing in a gym with a man leading in front .	where are the small group of people seen standing . ?	gym
34925	A gymnast runs , then flips several times down an indoor track .	, then flips several times down what ?	track
34926	Other girls follow suit , flipping quickly as they go .	what do other girls follow , ?	suit
34928	A man is holding a camera as he stands talking beside a lake .	what is the man holding ?	camera
34929	He goes through tunnels , walks along bridges , and stands over cliffs .	he goes through tunnels , walks along bridges , and stands over what ?	cliffs
34930	He drives down a road and records rafting on a white water river .	what is the color of the river ?	white
34932	man is running in a roofed gym and doing a high jump .	where is man running and doing a high jump . ?	gym
34933	man is doing a somersault in a roofed gym .	where is man doing a somersault . ?	gym
34934	two woman are standing in the gym by the jumping man .	how many woman are standing in the gym by the jumping man ?	two
34934	two woman are standing in the gym by the jumping man .	where are two woman standing . ?	gym
34936	There 's a girl gymnast dressed in purple leotards doing flips on a horse bar in a large indoor stadium filled with spectators .	what is the color of the leotards ?	purple
34938	She walks the entire horse bar and then finally jumps off the horse bar to successfully end her round .	she walks what and then finally jumps off the horse bar to successfully end her round ?	bar
34938	She walks the entire horse bar and then finally jumps off the horse bar to successfully end her round .	she walks the entire horse bar and then finally jumps off what ?	bar
34940	A blue raft is shown and a group of people are shown throwing them up in a pile .	what is shown and the group of people are shown throwing them up in a pile ?	raft
34940	A blue raft is shown and a group of people are shown throwing them up in a pile .	what is the color of the raft ?	blue
34944	A man is taking a bike apart on a subway .	what is the man taking apart on a subway ?	bicycle
34945	He is putting a tire back on the bike .	what is he putting back on the bike ?	tire
34946	Ladies are playing volley ball outside .	what are ladies playing outside ?	ball
34947	A female hits the ball twice .	what does the female hit twice ?	ball
34950	Then , three more boys run to practice the same steps .	how many more boys do then , run to practice the same steps ?	three
34951	A young man wearing a yellow t-shirt practice basketball on the other basketball goal .	what is the color of the basketball ?	yellow
34960	They use their wooden mallet to hit the ball down the wooden boards .	what do they use ?	mallet
34962	One of the teens wearing a yellow shirt pretends his mallet is a guitar and plays it .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
34965	The teen in the yellow shirt plays with the black and white cat .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
34966	One of the teen pose and aims to hit the ball with his mallet while the two other teens watch him .	one of the teen pose and aims to hit the ball with his mallet while how many other teens watch him ?	two
34968	One of the teens then just drops his mallet down while the two other teens give each other high fives .	one of the teens then just drops what down ?	mallet
34968	One of the teens then just drops his mallet down while the two other teens give each other high fives .	one of the teens then just drops his mallet down while how many other teens give each other high fives ?	two
34969	A woman is putting wall paper on a wall .	what is the woman putting on a wall ?	paper
34970	She smooths the wall paper with her hands .	what does she smooth with her hands ?	paper
34971	She is rolling the wall paper onto the wall .	what is she rolling onto the wall ?	paper
34974	They hit the balls through the hoops with mallets .	what did they hit through the hoops with mallets ?	balls
34975	A young boy is wearing a bandana and mowing a large yard .	what is the young boy wearing and mowing a large yard ?	bandana
34980	Another angle is shown and the ramps are let down and the boy begins riding down the pavement .	what is shown and the ramps are let down and the boy begins riding down the pavement ?	angle
34986	Another man steps up with the pool stick to aim his shot and hits the balls .	what up with the pool stick to aim his shot and hits the balls ?	steps
34986	Another man steps up with the pool stick to aim his shot and hits the balls .	another man steps up with the pool stick and hits what ?	balls
34988	The man is standing in the kitchen .	where is the man standing . ?	kitchen
34990	The ingredients on the counter are in white containers .	what is the color of the containers ?	white
34993	Then , the man ski down the hill covered with snow .	then , what down the hill covered with snow ?	ski
34998	He then throws the ball as far as he can , but falls down .	what does he then throw as far as he can , but falls down ?	ball
35000	As he brings his elbows towards his knees , a loud crack can be heard as the man laughs , `` That hurt my ass . ''	what can , be heard as the man laughs , `` that hurt my ass . '' ?	crack
35010	The store front is shown to the door .	what is shown to the door ?	front
35014	A man in the course is aiming his gun .	what is the man in the course aiming ?	gun
35015	The man at the counter is showing a particular gun .	what is the man at the counter showing ?	gun
35017	The man at the counter is still holding the gun talking .	what is the man at the counter still holding talking ?	gun
35028	A white screen is shown and various logos are shown on top of the screen as it goes to a black screen .	what is shown and various logos are shown on top of the screen as it goes to a black screen ?	screen
35028	A white screen is shown and various logos are shown on top of the screen as it goes to a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
35028	A white screen is shown and various logos are shown on top of the screen as it goes to a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
35029	A sun is rising and men are walking up a hill , pulling a rope , and reading a book .	what is rising and men are walking up a hill , pulling a rope , and reading a book ?	sun
35029	A sun is rising and men are walking up a hill , pulling a rope , and reading a book .	what is the sun rising and men are walking up , pulling a rope , and reading a book ?	hill
35029	A sun is rising and men are walking up a hill , pulling a rope , and reading a book .	what is the sun rising and men are walking up a hill , pulling , and reading a book ?	rope
35038	People that are sitting on an inflated boat raise their paddles .	what do people raise ?	paddles
35039	An inflated boat flips over and the occupants falls overboard .	what flips over and the occupants falls overboard ?	boat
35041	A guy gives the lady her white sandals .	what does the guy give the lady ?	sandals
35041	A guy gives the lady her white sandals .	what is the color of the sandals ?	white
35044	Two red team players chest bump .	how many red team players chest bump ?	two
35044	Two red team players chest bump .	what is the color of the players ?	red
35048	More dogs are seen sitting in crates and barking at the camera while the wind blows on them .	what are seen sitting in crates and barking at the camera while the wind blows on them ?	dogs
35052	The man then swings the axe down and hits a log of wood still smiling at the camera .	the man then swings what down and hits a log of wood still smiling at the camera ?	axe
35055	A person dips a paint brush into a pan .	what did the person dip into a pan ?	brush
35061	We we an opening screen for a product .	we we what for a product ?	opening
35063	The man reaches the house and turns to finish the other side of the walkway .	the man reaches what and turns to finish the other side of the walkway ?	house
35065	We then see two closing screens .	what do we then see closing ?	screens
35065	We then see two closing screens .	how many closing screens do we then see ?	two
35066	Two men are in an inside court .	how many men are in an inside court ?	two
35070	She then plays the piano while smiling and the man continuing to watch her .	what does she then play while smiling and the man continuing to watch her ?	piano
35072	A man takes off in a green kayak .	what is the color of the kayak ?	green
35072	A man takes off in a green kayak .	where does the man take off . ?	kayak
35073	A man in a red jacket is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
35080	His final ball is saved once again by the keeper .	what is saved once again by the keeper ?	ball
35081	A man sits at a table and holds a screwdriver which he presses it against the tabletop .	the man sits at a table and holds what ?	screwdriver
35083	The man holds up the can with the hole facing upwards .	what does the man hold up with the hole facing upwards ?	can
35093	The person is cutting grass with child proof scissors .	what is the person cutting with child proof scissors ?	grass
35095	girl start doing exercise in the elliptical bike .	where do girl start doing exercise . ?	bicycle
35097	The camera shows a board and leads back to the water , transitioning into people seen sitting inside the boat .	what shows the board and leads back to the water , transitioning into people seen sitting inside the boat ?	camera
35098	The camera walks around more and captures views of the inside as well as the water .	what walks around more and captures views of the inside as well as the water ?	camera
35102	A man in a white shirt is sitting down playing a guitar .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
35112	She puts the new one on and then uses tools to tighten it back on .	she puts the new one on and then uses what ?	tools
35113	She uses a screwdriver to tighten the screws and adjust the level .	what does she use ?	screwdriver
35114	She then shows another saddle and demonstrates how to tighten the bolts to adjust the level of the saddle .	she then shows what and demonstrates how to tighten the bolts to adjust the level of the saddle ?	saddle
35116	A boy in grey throws a ball at a a kid on the other side of the court .	what does the boy in grey throw at a a kid on the other side of the court ?	ball
35118	He throws the ball back at the other kid after landing .	what does he throw back at the other kid after landing ?	ball
35120	Four men are working on the roof of a house .	how many men are working on the roof of a house ?	four
35125	A graphic is seen with a feather falling .	what is seen with the feather falling ?	graphic
35129	A chubby man is standing outside in a field and throws a yellow medicine ball demonstrating exercising to strengthen athletes for shot put .	the chubby man is standing outside in a field and throws what demonstrating exercising to strengthen athletes for shot put ?	ball
35129	A chubby man is standing outside in a field and throws a yellow medicine ball demonstrating exercising to strengthen athletes for shot put .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
35134	People are practicing pole vaulting on a blue mat .	what are people practicing on a blue mat ?	vaulting
35134	People are practicing pole vaulting on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
35136	People are laying on a blue mat stretching .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
35138	They lob the ball back and forth over the net .	what do they lob back and forth over the net ?	ball
35140	We see men playing hockey in an ice rink .	where do we see men playing hockey . ?	rink
35145	She bends down and grabs the pole .	she bends down and grabs what ?	pole
35147	The lady drops the barbell and smiles .	the lady drops what and smiles ?	barbell
35149	She shows a cake cooling on a metal rack .	what does she show cooling on a metal rack ?	cake
35154	The young boy then reaches for his shin guard and puts it over his right leg and then folds his sock down over it .	the young boy then reaches for his shin guard and puts it over his right leg and then folds what down over it ?	sock
35156	Finally , he moves to his cleats and grabs a pair of orange Adidas soccer cleats and ties them up .	what is the color of the cleats ?	orange
35159	We see two men talking to each other .	how many men do we see talking to each other ?	two
35163	We see the subscribe screen .	what do we see ?	screen
35164	We see people riding and see a man ride a red toy kids skateboard and the cameraman kicks it across the lot .	what is the color of the kids ?	red
35165	We then see the ending screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
35167	The dog runs through different rooms of the house , then to the door and outside .	what runs through different rooms of the house , then to the door and outside ?	dog
35172	The woman uses the tool to brush the dog while talking .	what does the woman use ?	tool
35173	The woman sets down the tool and pets the dog while talking to the camera .	the woman sets down the tool and pets what while talking to the camera ?	dog
35179	The camera pans across the ski area and views of the surrounding mountains .	what pans across the ski area and views of the surrounding mountains ?	camera
35182	He throws the bar down and it crashes into the floor and takes a deep breath .	what does he throw down and it crashes into the floor and takes a deep breath ?	bar
35193	There are 3 people at a store in a shoe section and there are two people on the ground trying on boots .	how many people are there at a store in a shoe section ?	three
35193	There are 3 people at a store in a shoe section and there are two people on the ground trying on boots .	how many people are there on the ground trying on boots ?	two
35194	The man on the ground removes his pink boot , throws it on the side and stands up smiling .	the man on the ground removes what , throws it on the side and stands up smiling ?	boot
35195	The girl grabs his pink boot , tries it on her right foot and sits there modeling it while talking to the people around her .	the girl grabs what , tries it on her right foot and sits there modeling it while talking to the people around her ?	boot
35196	The girl then grabs the left boot , removes the stuff in it , tries it on and stands up to model them .	the girl then grabs what , removes the stuff in it , tries it on and stands up to model them ?	boot
35199	The man finally moves and throws the ball down the Alley .	what does the man finally move and throws down the alley ?	ball
35203	The camera pans out and another woman is revealed lying on her back on a gym mat as the woman kneeling above her continues to talk .	what pans out and another woman is revealed lying on her back on a gym mat as the woman kneeling above her continues to talk ?	camera
35208	two men are standing in a court room playing squash .	how many men are standing in the court room playing squash ?	two
35209	man is wearing white shirt standing in a court room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
35209	man is wearing white shirt standing in a court room .	where is man wearing white shirt standing . ?	room
35215	A man wearing a red shirt is decorating a Christmas tree .	the man wearing what is decorating a christmas tree ?	shirt
35215	A man wearing a red shirt is decorating a Christmas tree .	what is the man wearing a red shirt is decorating ?	tree
35215	A man wearing a red shirt is decorating a Christmas tree .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
35216	He is using white lights to wrap the tree around to decorate it .	what is the color of the lights ?	white
35218	Then he takes a gold colored garland and wraps the tree .	then he takes a gold colored garland and wraps what ?	tree
35221	A man uses a hose to spray something vertically on a wooden wall .	what does the man use to spray something vertically on a wooden wall ?	hose
35224	There 's a girl gymnast dressed in shiny blue leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in front of many spectators in a large gymnasium .	what is the color of the leotards ?	blue
35234	A helicopter is seen driving over an ocean where people are seen surfing .	what is seen driving over an ocean where people are seen surfing ?	helicopter
35242	A man is showing off his motorbike .	what is the man showing off ?	motorcycle
35244	Then he drives his bike on the track .	what does then he drive on the track ?	bicycle
35253	The swimmer swims underwater and pushes off the pool floor .	the swimmer swims underwater and pushes off what ?	floor
35254	The swimmer does a butterfly stroke in the pool lane .	where does the swimmer do a butterfly stroke . ?	lane
35258	The gymnast jumps off the pummel horse .	what does the gymnast jump off ?	horse
35261	A woman wearing a hat is seen sitting behind a large set of bongo drums .	the woman wearing what is seen sitting behind a large set of bongo drums ?	hat
35269	men are sittig in a blackjack table and are gambling in a casino and talking to each other while people is looking the game and walking around the table .	where are men sittig in a blackjack table and are gambling and talking to each other while people is looking the game and walking around the table . ?	casino
35271	A woman washes a pot with soapy water while standing with her back to the camera at the kitchen sink .	what does the woman wash with soapy water while standing with her back to the camera at the kitchen sink ?	pot
35273	Two individuals are in room painting and doing redecorating .	how many individuals are in room painting and doing redecorating ?	two
35273	Two individuals are in room painting and doing redecorating .	where are two individuals and doing redecorating . ?	painting
35275	A woman in a red shirt is standing in a room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
35275	A woman in a red shirt is standing in a room .	where is the woman in a red shirt standing . ?	room
35276	She starts working out on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
35283	The boy lands on his back on to a red mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	red
35293	She gets a spare tire out and sets it on the ground .	she gets what out and sets it on the ground ?	tire
35295	She puts the new tire on .	what does she put on ?	tire
35305	An old woman talks in a costume shop .	where does an old woman talk . ?	shop
35308	Next , the woman shows the ironed garment .	what does next , the woman show ?	garment
35316	A man and a woman dressed in black and red stand in the middle of a room surrounded by a very large amount of people sitting and watching them .	where did the man and a woman dress . ?	stand
35321	The girl points the camera to the ground .	what does the girl point to the ground ?	camera
35325	Then , she takes another rod to perform and spins at the same time the rods .	then , she takes another rod to perform and spins at the same time what ?	rods
35326	After , the cheerleader put one rod on the floor and continue performing only with one rod .	after , the cheerleader put how many rod on the floor and continue performing only with one rod ?	one
35329	They split again to make 4 different lines .	how many different lines did they split again to make ?	four
35343	Two hand pulls a tube through next to her and the woman then puts the tubes in the girl 's hair .	what does two hand pull through next to her and the woman then puts the tubes in the girl 's hair ?	tube
35343	Two hand pulls a tube through next to her and the woman then puts the tubes in the girl 's hair .	how many hand pulls the tube through next to her ?	two
35351	A small girl is washing the floor with a mop and talking to the camera man .	what is the small girl washing with a mop and talking to the camera man ?	floor
35352	The camera man talks to the girl about cleaning and why she likes it .	what talks to the girl about cleaning and why she likes it ?	man
35355	One person is shown doing a set of jump rope tricks .	how many person is shown doing the set of jump rope tricks ?	one
35356	Two people are then shown doing more jump rope tricks .	how many people are then shown doing more jump rope tricks ?	two
35357	Next , four people are shown doing jump rope tricks in the gymnasium .	how many people are next , shown doing jump rope tricks in the gymnasium ?	four
35360	We see a red opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
35360	We see a red opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	red
35363	The camera angle changes and we continue to watch the men pole vault .	what changes and we continue to watch the men pole vault ?	angle
35364	A man is seen lecturing a crowd while holding several green Frisbees in his hand .	what is the color of the frisbees ?	green
35365	After talking to the crowd he calls out and a dog runs out on the stage to him .	what is after talking to the crowd he calls out and runs out on the stage to him ?	dog
35366	At one point the dog starts to jump off the mans back as he chases after Frisbees .	what does at one point start to jump off the mans back as he chases after frisbees ?	dog
35370	We then see a woman holding a flag in the center and many women alongside her as they jump on a massive jumprope .	we then see a woman holding what in the center and many women alongside her ?	flag
35372	When they finish , they freeze in a pose and the screen turns black .	, they freeze in a pose and what turns black ?	screen
35373	A man holds a yellow canister as he clears a wood board .	what does the man hold ?	canister
35373	A man holds a yellow canister as he clears a wood board .	what is the color of the canister ?	yellow
35374	He sprays the wood with the yellow canister .	what is the color of the canister ?	yellow
35380	The company hat is then shown on the step , surrounded by leaves .	what is then shown on the step , surrounded by leaves ?	hat
35382	Three men are supervising the bullfighting , the bull push each other with their horns .	how many men are supervising the bullfighting ?	three
35383	A man got off from his truck , the other man pulled the bull off of his truck , the bull are tied on a poles .	what did the man get off from his truck , the other man pulled off of his truck , the bull are tied on a poles ?	bull
35383	A man got off from his truck , the other man pulled the bull off of his truck , the bull are tied on a poles .	what did the man get off from his truck , the other man pulled the bull off of his truck , are tied on a poles ?	bull
35384	Two men are holding each end of the rope as the black bull stumped on the ground .	how many men are holding each end of the rope as the black bull stumped on the ground ?	two
35384	Two men are holding each end of the rope as the black bull stumped on the ground .	what is the color of the bull ?	black
35392	Two sumo wrestlers are shown in a ring as spectators and a referee watch .	how many sumo wrestlers are shown in the ring as spectators and a referee watch ?	two
35394	They briefly wrestle while one man gets thrown out of the ring .	they briefly wrestle while how many man gets thrown out of the ring ?	one
35401	A black and white dog is standing near the main door of a house as he listens to the sound of helicopter .	what is standing near the main door of a house as he listens to the sound of helicopter ?	dog
35402	Then main door then opens and the dog steps back .	what does then then open and the dog steps back ?	door
35402	Then main door then opens and the dog steps back .	what does then main door then open and steps back ?	dog
35403	There are two dog trainers in an enclosed room training a dog to jump and catch several Frisbee .	how many dog trainers are there in an enclosed room training a dog to jump and catch several frisbee ?	two
35404	the male trainer throws the Frisbee at the dog and the dog jumps and fetches it for him .	what does the male trainer throw the frisbee at the dog and jumps and fetches it for him ?	dog
35410	Two women wearing matching outfits are on their microphones and kind of half watching a boy play with a rubix cube .	how many women is wearing matching outfits are on their microphones and kind of half watching a boy play with a rubix cube ?	two
35411	The boy is solving the cube pretty quickly the girl seems pretty shocked .	what is the boy solving pretty quickly the girl seems pretty shocked ?	cube
35413	Another boy in a blue shirt come up and starts to solve it and when he does the girls give hime a prize .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
35414	A person observes an old samurai temple .	what does the person observe ?	temple
35416	Three small boards are fix on the ground , suddenly and arrow hits one board .	what are fix on the ground , suddenly and arrow hits one board ?	boards
35416	Three small boards are fix on the ground , suddenly and arrow hits one board .	how many small boards are fix on the ground , suddenly and arrow hits one board ?	three
35417	People gather on a road , then a old man gives a white box to a man dressed in white clothes .	what do people gather on a road , then a old man gives to a man dressed in white clothes ?	box
35417	People gather on a road , then a old man gives a white box to a man dressed in white clothes .	what is the color of the box ?	white
35417	People gather on a road , then a old man gives a white box to a man dressed in white clothes .	what is the color of the clothes ?	white
35418	A boy does cartwheels and back hand springs on the grass as a friend watches and records .	the boy does what and back hand springs on the grass ?	cartwheels
35424	A rod is inserted into her tonue and clipped , creating a piercing .	what is inserted into her tonue and clipped , creating a piercing ?	rod
35428	The worker uses a hand towel to clean out the liquid in the sink .	where does the worker use a hand towel to clean out the liquid . ?	sink
35433	She shows a bag , pushing on it with her fist .	what does she show , ?	bag
35436	A man picks up a long pole and starts running down a track .	the man picks up what and starts running down a track ?	pole
35441	Some people are playing beer bong having a good time , the man throws fist and he makes it into the girls cup .	what are some people playing bong having a good time , the man throws fist and he makes it into the girls cup ?	beer
35442	She drinks her drink and then wets her ball in water before throwing her ball .	she drinks what and then wets her ball in water before throwing her ball ?	drink
35442	She drinks her drink and then wets her ball in water before throwing her ball .	she drinks her drink and then wets what in water before throwing her ball ?	ball
35447	The lady pours three shots of liquor into a cup .	how many shots does the lady pour of liquor into a cup ?	three
35450	The lady adds some red stuff .	what is the color of the stuff ?	red
35455	A large dog is standing in a bath tub .	what is standing in the bath tub ?	dog
35455	A large dog is standing in a bath tub .	where is the large dog standing . ?	tub
35456	A woman in a pink shirt is scrubbing the dog with soap .	what is the woman in a pink shirt scrubbing with soap ?	dog
35458	Eight people are standing at the studio , one woman walked at the back of the group .	how many people are standing at the studio ?	eight
35461	Then , marching bands play and girls perform holding flags .	what do then , play and girls perform ?	flags
35466	A man wearing black is in a gym .	where is the man wearing black is . ?	gym
35467	He picks up some heavy barbells .	what does he pick up ?	barbells
35469	He then drops the barbells onto the ground .	what does he then drop onto the ground ?	barbells
35475	Two people are in a room , wearing fencing equipment .	how many people are in the room , wearing fencing equipment ?	two
35475	Two people are in a room , wearing fencing equipment .	where are two people , wearing fencing equipment . ?	room
35478	They talk to each other and a broom enters the scene .	what do they talk to each other and enters the scene ?	broom
35486	A woman wearing a pink and white shirt and black tights is standing in her front yard .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
35487	She is holding two batons in her and twirling them .	how many batons is she holding in her and twirling them ?	two
35490	She then throws the baton from underneath her leg and catches it with her other hand .	she then throws what from underneath her leg and catches it with her other hand ?	baton
35493	She finally bows down and holds the baton straight in her hand .	she finally bows down and holds what straight in her hand ?	baton
35495	The person pauses and adjusts his helmet .	what does the person pause and adjusts ?	helmet
35496	The man lifts his helmet briefly .	what does the man lift briefly ?	helmet
35497	The man lifts and lowers his helmet .	what does the man lift and lowers ?	helmet
35499	The man finishes and lifts his helmet .	what does the man finish and lifts ?	helmet
35502	A bull pushes a man down .	what pushes the man down ?	bull
35504	The bull is lured into a pen and the gates are close .	what is lured into the pen and the gates are close ?	bull
35506	A male attaches two hollow sticks on a bull and runs off .	the male attaches how many hollow sticks on a bull and runs off ?	two
35507	The bull tackles the male .	what tackles the male ?	bull
35510	The male leaves a black shoe behind .	what does the male leave behind ?	shoe
35510	The male leaves a black shoe behind .	what is the color of the shoe ?	black
35519	little kid is wearng pink shirt and is hanging from a side to side .	little kid is wearng what and is hanging from a side to side ?	shirt
35523	He shows two aluminum plates that are joined together for demonstration purposes .	what does he show ?	plates
35523	He shows two aluminum plates that are joined together for demonstration purposes .	how many aluminum plates does he show that are joined together for demonstration purposes ?	two
35524	He takes the Nova rod and shows how he can weld the two pieces together .	he takes the nova rod and shows how he can weld how many pieces together ?	two
35525	He begins welding the two plates of aluminum .	how many plates does he begin welding of aluminum ?	two
35526	Then he hits the plates with a hammer and scrubs off the dust .	then he hits what with a hammer and scrubs off the dust ?	plates
35531	A boy in a blue t-shirt bounces two basketballs in a gym while blocking another basketball player and making a goal with the ball .	how many basketballs does the boy in a blue t-shirt bounce in a gym while blocking another basketball player and making a goal with the ball ?	two
35531	A boy in a blue t-shirt bounces two basketballs in a gym while blocking another basketball player and making a goal with the ball .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	blue
35531	A boy in a blue t-shirt bounces two basketballs in a gym while blocking another basketball player and making a goal with the ball .	where does the boy in a blue t-shirt bounce two basketballs while blocking another basketball player and making a goal with the ball . ?	gym
35532	A boy bounces two basketballs between his legs .	how many basketballs does the boy bounce between his legs ?	two
35534	The player in the blue shirt blocks him and makes the goal , and then proceeds to do it again , twice .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
35535	man is playing piano with a lot of people gathered around him .	what is man playing with a lot of people gathered around him ?	piano
35536	man is holding a cellphone and is recording the man in the piano .	man is holding what and is recording the man in the piano ?	cellphone
35543	The camera pans around her and watches her knit while she speaks and looks off into the distance .	what pans around her and watches her knit while she speaks and looks off into the distance ?	camera
35544	A boy in red jacket holds a window scraper tool and remove snow from a car windshield .	the boy in red jacket holds what and remove snow from a car windshield ?	tool
35544	A boy in red jacket holds a window scraper tool and remove snow from a car windshield .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
35545	The boy turns the tool and uses the edge corner edge briefly .	the boy turns what and uses the edge corner edge briefly ?	tool
35547	We see the colorful title card .	what do we see ?	card
35553	We see the end screen .	what do we see ?	screen
35557	These girls are shown kneeling down on the floor and playing dress up One girl put 's chap stick on her lips , cheeks , forehead , and under her eyes .	how many girl are these girls shown kneeling down on the floor and playing dress up put 's chap stick on her lips , cheeks , forehead , and under her eyes ?	one
35558	Then another one puts a little makeup on the top of her eyes .	what does then another one put on the top of her eyes ?	makeup
35560	The boy uses the rag all over the car while the camera follows his movements .	what does the boy use all over the car ?	rag
35562	Several people are seen drilling holes into the ice while looking down and speaking to the camera .	what are several people seen drilling into the ice ?	holes
35563	Many pictures are shown of the people fishing as well as pulling fish out of a hole .	what are shown of the people fishing as well as pulling fish out of a hole ?	pictures
35568	Ingredients are mixed together in a silver bowl .	what are mixed together in the silver bowl ?	ingredients
35568	Ingredients are mixed together in a silver bowl .	where are ingredients mixed together . ?	bowl
35576	A man in a suit plays a flute on stage in front of a man playing a piano .	what does the man in a suit play on stage in front of a man playing a piano ?	flute
35578	A scuba diver is under the water wearing oxygen in he mouth .	what is under the water wearing oxygen in he mouth ?	diver
35579	The diver is holding his eye mask , and put it on .	the diver is holding what , and put it on ?	mask
35582	He finishes the hedge , showing off his skills .	what does he finish , ?	hedge
35583	A bulls runs in the street goring people and throwing them to the floor , while the bulls is attached to a rope .	what runs in the street goring people and throwing them to the floor , while the bulls is attached to a rope ?	bulls
35584	The bull enters a home , then the bull continues goring people in the street .	what enters the home , then the bull continues goring people in the street ?	bull
35584	The bull enters a home , then the bull continues goring people in the street .	what does the bull enter a home , then continues goring people in the street ?	bull
35584	The bull enters a home , then the bull continues goring people in the street .	where does the bull enter a home , then the bull continues goring people . ?	street
35585	The bull enters a corral and attack a person behind the fence , then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street .	what enters the corral and attack a person behind the fence , then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street ?	bull
35585	The bull enters a corral and attack a person behind the fence , then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street .	the bull enters what and attack a person behind the fence , then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street ?	corral
35585	The bull enters a corral and attack a person behind the fence , then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street .	the bull enters a corral and attack a person behind the fence , then what continues fiercely goring people in the street ?	bull
35586	A person pet the bull through a window , after the bull clash with another bull that falls on the ground .	what did the person pet through a window , after the bull clash with another bull that falls on the ground ?	bull
35587	The bull attacks a dog sit on front a door .	what attacks the dog sit on front a door ?	bull
35588	The bull gores people and also attacks people on the sidewalk .	what gores people and also attacks people on the sidewalk ?	bull
35589	The bull continues goring people 's behind .	what continues goring people 's behind ?	bull
35592	After a while of trying , she hits the string the pinata is hanging from and knocks the pinata down , but has barely gotten any candy out .	what is after the while of trying , she hits , but has barely gotten any candy out ?	string
35592	After a while of trying , she hits the string the pinata is hanging from and knocks the pinata down , but has barely gotten any candy out .	what is after the while of trying , she hits the string , but has barely gotten out ?	candy
35597	Two women are standing on a beach , wearing bikinis and holding a surf board .	how many women are standing on the beach , wearing bikinis and holding a surf board ?	two
35615	A bicycle is shown in a room leaning up against a brown table .	what is shown in the room leaning up against a brown table ?	bicycle
35615	A bicycle is shown in a room leaning up against a brown table .	what is the color of the table ?	brown
35617	The pieces are then added back on the bike and tightened around the wheel .	what are then added back on the bike and tightened around the wheel ?	pieces
35617	The pieces are then added back on the bike and tightened around the wheel .	the pieces are then added back on the bike and tightened around what ?	wheel
35620	A woman touched a black phone , and a screen of purple capsule like bacteria showed up .	what did the woman touch , and a screen of purple capsule like bacteria showed up ?	phone
35620	A woman touched a black phone , and a screen of purple capsule like bacteria showed up .	what is the color of the phone ?	black
35620	A woman touched a black phone , and a screen of purple capsule like bacteria showed up .	what is the color of the capsule ?	purple
35621	The person put back the phone , and started typing on the black keyboard .	the person put back what , and started typing on the black keyboard ?	phone
35621	The person put back the phone , and started typing on the black keyboard .	what is the color of the keyboard ?	black
35622	The bacteria shot is put in the scene .	what is put in the scene ?	shot
35628	The woman took off her ring , wash her hand , got home soap and rub it on her hand thoroughly and rinse it .	the woman took off her ring , wash her hand , got what and rub it on her hand thoroughly and rinse it ?	soap
35631	These two people shown here are riding their bikes over snowy humps outside .	these two people shown here are riding what over snowy humps outside ?	bicycles
35631	These two people shown here are riding their bikes over snowy humps outside .	how many people shown here are riding their bikes over snowy humps outside ?	two
35632	They 've rode over dirt humps .	what do they 've rode over ?	humps
35633	They 've also rode over sand humps in the building and other humps in a race .	what do they 've also rode over in the building and other humps in a race ?	humps
35636	He holds up a spray bottle to spray the walls while the others help .	what does he hold up ?	bottle
35638	A baby is shown laying in bed while a comb gently brushes it 's hair .	where is the baby shown laying while a comb gently brushes it 's hair . ?	bed
35645	A roofing commercial demonstrates how to fix a slate roof on a house .	what demonstrates how to fix the slate roof on a house ?	commercial
35646	A man cuts parts on a folding table outside and then installs a slate on a roof using power tools and tools from his tool belt .	the man cuts parts on a folding table outside and then installs what on a roof ?	slate
35647	The man installs copper pieces to the slate roof that protrude from the roof .	what does the man install to the slate roof that protrude from the roof ?	pieces
35649	The man is playing the saxophone .	what is the man playing ?	saxophone
35651	The camera came closer to the gold saxophone .	what came closer to the gold saxophone ?	camera
35654	A white bird standing behind the man .	what is standing behind the man ?	bird
35654	A white bird standing behind the man .	what is the color of the bird ?	white
35655	A man is lifting weights in the gym .	where is the man lifting weights . ?	gym
35656	The ball goes to the man 's chest for the first time .	what goes to the man 's chest for the first time ?	ball
35659	The water changes colors as the various paints are shown and the person creates a swirling pattern into the water .	what does the water change and the person creates a swirling pattern into the water ?	colors
35664	A man in a white hat is standing in the sand .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
35665	A person in a black shirt serves the volleyball but it does n't make it over the net .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
35666	Two teams play beach volleyball on front a crowd .	how many teams play beach volleyball on front a crowd ?	two
35667	A woman holds a smart phone .	what does the woman hold ?	phone
35668	A man serves a ball .	what does the man serve ?	ball
35680	An older man uses the shears .	what does an older man use ?	shears
35685	Two men are inside a gym .	how many men are inside the gym ?	two
35690	A young man in a white karate uniform practices some moves .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
35693	man is talking in front of the camera and the team is standing in a big green grassy field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
35701	The man irons then brushes a long piece of metal .	what then brushes the long piece of metal ?	irons
35704	A school bus is on the street behind them .	what is on the street behind them ?	bus
35705	A man in a black sweater quickly performs a Rubik cube challenge as the timer ticks .	what is the color of the sweater ?	black
35707	The man in the black sweater finishes and jumps up in excitement .	what is the color of the sweater ?	black
35712	Two men cook omelettes on long pans in the street .	how many men cook omelettes on long pans in the street ?	two
35714	A man puts scrambles eggs in the hot pan using two stick to turn over the eggs .	what does the man put in the hot pan using two stick to turn over the eggs ?	eggs
35715	Then the man adds more scrambled eggs while turning the omelette to make it bigger .	what does then the man add while turning the omelette to make it bigger ?	eggs
35726	A camera pans outside of a building and looks into a dark room where a man is exercising and speaking to the camera .	what pans outside of a building and looks into a dark room where a man is exercising and speaking to the camera ?	camera
35730	After , the horseman throws the hoop and catch the calf , then quickly he lie the calf on the floor and tie the legs .	, then quickly he lie what on the floor and tie the legs ?	calf
35731	A woman with blonde long hair is carrying a white hula hoops , the hula hoops has rainbow colored tape on parts of it .	what is the color of the hoops ?	white
35733	The camera turns towards her face , then she started swirling the hula hoops and put it on her .	what turns towards her face , then she started swirling the hula hoops and put it on her ?	camera
35738	They then put soap on their hands , scrub the soap in , and rinse their hands through the water .	they then put what on their hands , scrub the soap in , and rinse their hands through the water ?	soap
35738	They then put soap on their hands , scrub the soap in , and rinse their hands through the water .	they then put soap on their hands , scrub what in , and rinse their hands through the water ?	soap
35740	A woman is smoking a cigarette .	what is the woman smoking ?	cigarette
35745	The man in red shirt run towards the ball , kicked the ball , and the goalkeeper was n't able to block it , the player high five his teammates .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
35746	The players are kicking the ball to the goal and the goalkeepers were n't able to block the ball .	what are the players kicking to the goal and the goalkeepers were n't able to block the ball ?	ball
35747	A young man in a green jacket is standing in front of a mound of dirt and is talking about his maintenance tasks .	what is the color of the jacket ?	green
35748	The man then comes in the back yard with a green wheelbarrow and dumps the dirt in the back yard .	what is the color of the wheelbarrow ?	green
35751	A cat is sitting in a cat bed .	what is sitting in the cat bed ?	cat
35751	A cat is sitting in a cat bed .	where is the cat sitting . ?	bed
35752	It is licking its paw .	what is it licking ?	paw
35753	It then wipes its paw on its ear .	what does it then wipe on its ear ?	paw
35755	A person sprays the sink with a bottle then uses scrub brushes to scrub the sink .	the person sprays what with a bottle then uses scrub brushes to scrub the sink ?	sink
35756	The person rinses the sink the wipes it with a blue towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	blue
35757	The person then rinses the sink again and wipes it down with the blue towel again .	the person then rinses what again and wipes it down with the blue towel again ?	sink
35757	The person then rinses the sink again and wipes it down with the blue towel again .	what is the color of the towel ?	blue
35758	The person sprays the sink with a solution and uses a small roller paint brush to run the solution into the sink .	the person sprays what with a solution and uses a small roller paint brush to run the solution into the sink ?	sink
35764	She is painting one of the houses with blue paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	blue
35766	A woman stands by a yellow hopscotch and talks to the camera .	what is the color of the hopscotch ?	yellow
35769	An old man in white shirt is brushing the the body of the brown horse .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
35769	An old man in white shirt is brushing the the body of the brown horse .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
35771	People carrying flags follows behind them .	people carrying what follows behind them ?	flags
35772	The drummers at at the back playing their drums .	the drummers at at the back playing what ?	drums
35773	A colorful intro includes the white words that say `` World 's Most DANGEROUS SPORTS Events '' and the green letters separately `` SRP '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
35773	A colorful intro includes the white words that say `` World 's Most DANGEROUS SPORTS Events '' and the green letters separately `` SRP '' .	what is the color of the letters ?	green
35774	Madrid Spain on a map appears and it quickly goes into various different clips of men in arenas holding red capes as they taunt angry bulls .	what is the color of the capes ?	red
35776	The intro appears and it 's a black screen with the green letters SRP , production credits along with the rights .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
35776	The intro appears and it 's a black screen with the green letters SRP , production credits along with the rights .	what is the color of the srp ?	green
35777	A dog is seen wandering around a yard as well as a man speaking to the camera .	what is seen wandering around the yard as well as a man speaking to the camera ?	dog
35778	The dog moves around the area while the man continues to speak to the camera .	what moves around the area while the man continues to speak to the camera ?	dog
35779	The dog runs back and fourth while the camera zooms in on his face .	what runs back and fourth while the camera zooms in on his face ?	dog
35781	She pours cleaner in a sink and describes some cleaning tools .	she pours cleaner in a sink and describes cleaning what ?	tools
35784	She turns the water on for a second and then uses a stone on the sink before using the sprayer to rinse everything .	she turns the water on for a second and then uses what on the sink before using the sprayer to rinse everything ?	stone
35785	A man holds a welding device and adjusts it while showing his work area .	the man holds welding what and adjusts it while showing his work area ?	device
35791	The man holds up a hammer chisel over the bar of metal and chips off some pieces .	the man holds up a hammer chisel over the bar of metal and chips off what ?	pieces
35794	The person then puts the contact lens in their eye and rubs their eye while blinking multiple times .	the person then puts contact what in their eye and rubs their eye while blinking multiple times ?	lens
35796	We see people standing on a blue stage .	what is the color of the stage ?	blue
35805	Two women flip out of a stance , and they end in the air .	how many women flip out of the stance ?	two
35808	He throws the ball across to another swimmer who catches the ball .	what does he throw across to another swimmer who catches the ball ?	ball
35809	Two swimmers are under water trying to reach the ball .	how many swimmers are under water trying to reach the ball ?	two
35810	They pass the ball around as they swim through the water .	what do they pass around ?	ball
35831	We see a boy in a black coat running with his raft in tow .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
35832	A man with glasses playing an accordion and smiling .	the man with glasses playing what and smiling ?	accordion
35833	The camera zooms in on his fingers going up and down the neck of the instrument .	what zooms in on his fingers going up and down the neck of the instrument ?	camera
35836	Behind him , other competitors jump rope , too .	what do behind him , other competitors jump , too ?	rope
35839	A man in a black shirt stands behind him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
35845	The camera moves closer to the boy and zooms in on his face while vacuuming .	what moves closer to the boy and zooms in on his face while vacuuming ?	camera
35847	Two men jump onto a trampoline .	how many men jump onto the trampoline ?	two
35851	The camera pans out and shows a silver car .	what pans out and shows the silver car ?	camera
35851	The camera pans out and shows a silver car .	the camera pans out and shows what ?	car
35853	The person is holding a hose and washing the car .	what is the person holding and washing the car ?	hose
35853	The person is holding a hose and washing the car .	what is the person holding a hose and washing ?	car
35854	They dip the stick into a bucket of soapy water and continue washing the car .	they dip what into a bucket of soapy water and continue washing the car ?	stick
35855	They hold the hose up and pour the water on their face .	they hold what up and pour the water on their face ?	hose
35857	Two people are standing in front of a street performance .	how many people are standing in front of a street performance ?	two
35861	Two groups of girls run out to the middle of a court to grab volleyballs .	how many groups of girls run out to the middle of a court to grab volleyballs ?	two
35862	They throw the balls at each other .	what do they throw at each other ?	balls
35865	Two girls stand by the sidelines talking .	how many girls stand by the sidelines talking ?	two
35866	A man wearing black pants , a plaid shirt and baseball cap trims a dark green hedge with an electric hedge trimmer .	what is the man wearing black pants , a plaid shirt and baseball cap trims with an electric hedge trimmer ?	hedge
35866	A man wearing black pants , a plaid shirt and baseball cap trims a dark green hedge with an electric hedge trimmer .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
35866	A man wearing black pants , a plaid shirt and baseball cap trims a dark green hedge with an electric hedge trimmer .	what is the color of the hedge ?	green
35867	The man trims a smaller light green hedge with the trimmer .	what is the color of the hedge ?	green
35874	He is kneeling down on the floor in a black shirt and gray sweat pants .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
35874	He is kneeling down on the floor in a black shirt and gray sweat pants .	what is the color of the pants ?	gray
35876	A man in a garage stands over a plank of wood .	where does the man stand over a plank of wood . ?	garage
35877	The man takes some white paste out of a can , adds some coloring to it and mixes it .	the man takes some white paste out of a can , adds what to it and mixes it ?	coloring
35877	The man takes some white paste out of a can , adds some coloring to it and mixes it .	what is the color of the paste ?	white
35878	The man applies the brown colored paste to holes in the wood .	what is the color of the paste ?	brown
35880	The man spins a ball to go around the pins to hit more in the end .	what does the man spin ?	ball
35881	The person spins another ball that is followed shortly afterwards .	what does the person spin ?	ball
35884	The person jacks up the car .	what does the person jack up ?	car
35887	The man shows a screw in his tire .	where does the man show a screw . ?	tire
35888	The man puts the spare tire on .	what does the man put on ?	tire
35896	A dog chases the man as he runs and jumps .	what chases the man as he runs and jumps ?	dog
35897	The man brings the kite to the ground .	what does the man bring to the ground ?	kite
35899	A dog walks around the camp site .	what walks around the camp site ?	dog
35900	A person in a yellow shirt holding a blanket walks around the fire .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
35902	She brings out batons and twirls them around while dancing .	she brings out what and twirls them around while dancing ?	batons
35904	A man is seen sitting in a large gym while speaking to the camera and sitting on a medicine ball .	where is the man seen sitting while speaking to the camera and sitting on a medicine ball . ?	gym
35907	Two men sit behind a table with a pumpkin on it .	how many men sit behind the table with a pumpkin on it ?	two
35910	A man lifts a young girl up to reach the sink in a bathroom .	where does the man lift a young girl up to reach the sink . ?	bathroom
35911	Both the man and the girl reach for their toothbrush and add toothpaste at the same time .	both the man and the girl reach for their toothbrush and add what at the same time ?	toothpaste
35912	They look in the mirror together as the man shows the girl how to brush her teeth properly .	where do they look together as the man shows the girl how to brush her teeth properly . ?	mirror
35915	They put their toothbrushes away and the man helps the girl back to the floor .	what did they put away and the man helps the girl back to the floor ?	toothbrushes
35916	They walk away together and turn off the bathroom light .	they walk away together and turn off what ?	light
35917	A man in a black shirt smiles at the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
35918	He pulls out a harmonica and begins to play it .	he pulls out what and begins to play it ?	harmonica
35921	A bumper car arena is shown followed by people driving around and bumping into one another .	what is shown followed by people driving around and bumping into one another ?	arena
35924	Each frame is rolled down and put on the wall .	what is rolled down and put on the wall ?	frame
35926	The people in the room are playing wall ball .	what are the people in the room playing ?	ball
35926	The people in the room are playing wall ball .	where are the people playing wall ball . ?	room
35928	A woman is seen performing a belly dancing routine in a dark room with one single line shown on her .	where is the woman seen performing a belly dancing routine with one single line shown on her . ?	room
35930	A woman wearing a white shirt is sitting with her black and white cat on her lap .	the woman wearing what is sitting with her black and white cat on her lap ?	shirt
35930	A woman wearing a white shirt is sitting with her black and white cat on her lap .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
35931	She is clipping the cats nails by holding the cat 's paws in her hands .	what is she clipping by holding the cat 's paws in her hands ?	nails
35933	When she 's done she kisses the cat .	what does she kiss ?	cat
35934	then she begins clipping a brown cat 's nails .	what is the color of the cat ?	brown
35935	The cat sits calmly on her lap as she finishes clipping its nails .	what sits calmly on her lap as she finishes clipping its nails ?	cat
35936	A person paints flowers onto a white canvas with a fine brush .	what did the person paint onto a white canvas with a fine brush ?	flowers
35936	A person paints flowers onto a white canvas with a fine brush .	what is the color of the canvas ?	white
35937	The person removes the painting from the table and shows the finished product .	the person removes what from the table and shows the finished product ?	painting
35937	The person removes the painting from the table and shows the finished product .	the person removes the painting from the table and shows what ?	product
35938	People are playing and swimming in a pool .	where are people playing and swimming . ?	pool
35942	A person wearing a costume is seen sitting in the middle of the street playing an accordion .	the person wearing what is seen sitting in the middle of the street playing an accordion ?	costume
35945	Both the man and the woman are wearing a black tank top and black shorts along with black shoes .	what is the color of the tank ?	black
35945	Both the man and the woman are wearing a black tank top and black shorts along with black shoes .	what is the color of the shoes ?	black
35954	They repeat the steps as the chorus of the song repeats .	they repeat what as the chorus of the song repeats ?	steps
35958	After , the man put the tube on the wheel and pump air in the wheel .	what did after , the man put on the wheel and pump air in the wheel ?	tube
35958	After , the man put the tube on the wheel and pump air in the wheel .	where did after , the man put the tube . ?	wheel
35959	Then , the man put and fix the wheel in the bike .	then , the man put and fix what in the bike ?	wheel
35960	Three men discuss the topic of playing water polo with kayaks .	how many men discuss the topic of playing water polo with kayaks ?	three
35962	Two boats crash as two men try to paddle their way to the ball , The men commentate over the scene , they players look severely injured .	what crash as two men try to paddle their way to the ball , the men commentate over the scene , they players look severely injured ?	boats
35962	Two boats crash as two men try to paddle their way to the ball , The men commentate over the scene , they players look severely injured .	how many boats crash as two men try to paddle their way to the ball , the men commentate over the scene ?	two
35972	A third woman sweeps the floor .	what does the third woman sweep ?	floor
35977	A fourth individual is briefly shown in the doorway .	where is the fourth individual briefly shown . ?	doorway
35978	Two people are on a white slab and they begin fencing one another .	how many people are on the white slab ?	two
35978	Two people are on a white slab and they begin fencing one another .	what is the color of the slab ?	white
35980	Both of them keep being reset but the outcome is no different and the lady on the side keeps walking back and forth clicking a black button .	what is the color of the button ?	black
35982	The speaks more to the camera while other dogs are shown groomed and one woman walks away holding two excited dogs .	how many woman walks away holding two excited dogs ?	one
35985	A man in a small blue boat discusses the topic of hand surfing in a hole and gives hints on how to perform this activity .	what is the color of the boat ?	blue
35987	An athletic man is seen waving one arm up into the air and standing ready for a beam .	how many arm is an athletic man seen waving up into the air and standing ready for a beam ?	one
35990	Two people are seen speaking to the camera wearing costume when another person steps into frame .	how many people are seen speaking to the camera wearing costume when another person steps into frame ?	two
35991	Two people then battle one another in the costumes and run into one another .	how many people then battle one another in the costumes and run into one another ?	two
35992	One person knocks the other on the ground and shows off a wrestling move .	how many person knocks the other on the ground and shows off a wrestling move ?	one
35994	More clips are shown of people kicking a ball towards the goal while people watch on the sides .	what are shown of people kicking a ball towards the goal while people watch on the sides ?	clips
35996	A car drives behind another while filming several snowy houses and trees shown .	what drives behind another while filming several snowy houses and trees shown ?	car
35997	Eventually two snowboarding are shown doing jumps and tricks down a mountain .	how many snowboarding are eventually shown doing jumps and tricks down a mountain ?	two
35999	A man sits in a chair while a standing man uses an electric razor on his beard .	where does the man sit while a standing man uses an electric razor on his beard . ?	chair
36001	The man sits in the chair , wiping himself off before standing up .	where does the man sit , wiping himself off before standing up . ?	chair
36002	Two people are seen standing on a field in front of ball when one bends over to balance on the ball .	how many people are seen standing on the field in front of ball when one bends over to balance on the ball ?	two
36011	Two men are seen fighting back and fourth on a set of mats using boxing gloves and pads .	how many men are seen fighting back and fourth on the set of mats using boxing gloves and pads ?	two
36019	We see a person jet skiing .	what do we see ?	skiing
36021	We then see a yellow and blue sail .	what do we then see ?	sail
36022	A yellow one passes a black one and keeps going , then the yellow one turns around .	what is the color of the one ?	yellow
36022	A yellow one passes a black one and keeps going , then the yellow one turns around .	what is the color of the one ?	black
36022	A yellow one passes a black one and keeps going , then the yellow one turns around .	what is the color of the one ?	yellow
36023	A yellowish green one appears on the screen .	what is the color of the one ?	green
36028	men are playing squash in a room holding rackets on his hands .	where are men playing squash holding rackets on his hands . ?	room
36031	Then , the man cleans the head and neck with a white tissue .	what is the color of the tissue ?	white
36038	men wearing stilts are walking in a parking lot to street .	men wearing what are walking in a parking lot to street ?	stilts
36040	woman is standing in a kitchen talking to the camera and showing the lemons , jar and the bowl on the counter .	where is woman standing talking to the camera and showing the lemons , jar and the bowl on the counter . ?	kitchen
36041	woman is squeezing the lemon into a bowl and on the water .	what is woman squeezing into a bowl and on the water ?	lemon
36042	woman is ni front of the stove and pour sugar into water in a pan till boil .	woman is ni front of the stove and pour what into water in a pan till boil ?	sugar
36043	woman pour sugar in the jar with ice .	what do woman pour in the jar with ice ?	sugar
36044	A person wet a car with water , then he puts detergent to the car using a long squeegee .	what did the person wet with water , then he puts detergent to the car using a long squeegee ?	car
36048	After , the man dry the car manually with a cloth .	after , the man dry what manually with a cloth ?	car
36049	Next , the man cleans inside the car , then drives the car .	what does next , , then drive ?	car
36051	The man , now standing , pours paint thinner n a rag and wipes the table with the rag .	the man , now standing , pours what n a rag and wipes the table with the rag ?	paint
36051	The man , now standing , pours paint thinner n a rag and wipes the table with the rag .	the man , now standing , pours paint thinner n what and wipes the table with the rag ?	rag
36056	The scene changes and the man is seen standing in a garage .	where is the scene changes and the man seen standing . ?	garage
36058	The boat runs aground into some brush .	what runs aground into some brush ?	boat
36068	The man adds a fixed piece of shingles and nails hem down .	the man adds a fixed piece of shingles and nails what down ?	hem
36074	There 's a woman dressed in a sparkly golden dress is eating a Magnum chocolate truffle ice cream bar .	what is eating truffle ice cream bar ?	chocolate
36074	There 's a woman dressed in a sparkly golden dress is eating a Magnum chocolate truffle ice cream bar .	what is eating the magnum chocolate ?	bar
36074	There 's a woman dressed in a sparkly golden dress is eating a Magnum chocolate truffle ice cream bar .	how many ice cream bar does there 's a woman dressed in a sparkly golden dress is eating a magnum chocolate ?	truffle
36079	A ball is shown flying up in the sky while a large group of people stand around .	what is shown flying up in the sky while a large group of people stand around ?	ball
36082	At an outdoor poor facility people are in the pool and others are outside standing by .	where are at an outdoor poor facility people and others are outside standing by . ?	pool
36083	There are two boys on the diving board preparing to jump down .	how many boys are there on the diving board preparing to jump down ?	two
36084	They get in a unique position and then simultaneously dive in together .	where do they get . ?	dive
36090	The man in white tshirt does a spins while break dancing .	what is the color of the tshirt ?	white
36092	people are in street jumping the rope and dancing while people gathered around them are watching them .	where are people jumping the rope and dancing while people gathered around them are watching them . ?	street
36095	woman is holding a microphone talking to the camera jumping the rope .	what is woman holding talking to the camera jumping the rope ?	microphone
36096	woman is jumping the rope and doing somersaults .	what is woman jumping and doing somersaults ?	rope
36097	women are being interviewed and behind her people are jumping the rope .	what are women being interviewed and behind her people are jumping ?	rope
36100	The man in blue leotard raised the barbel , but he let go of the barbel and he fell on his back .	what did the man in blue leotard raise , but he let go of the barbel and he fell on his back ?	barbel
36100	The man in blue leotard raised the barbel , but he let go of the barbel and he fell on his back .	what is the color of the leotard ?	blue
36100	The man in blue leotard raised the barbel , but he let go of the barbel and he fell on his back .	where did the man raise the barbel , but he let go of the barbel and he fell on his back . ?	leotard
36101	The man in red leotard carried the barbel all the way up his head the crowd cheered .	what did the man in red leotard carry all the way up his head ?	barbel
36101	The man in red leotard carried the barbel all the way up his head the crowd cheered .	what is the color of the leotard ?	red
36101	The man in red leotard carried the barbel all the way up his head the crowd cheered .	where did the man carry the barbel all the way up his head the crowd cheered . ?	leotard
36102	The athlete raised his barbel but was n't able to go all the way up his head .	the athlete raised what but was n't able to go all the way up his head ?	barbel
36104	A man in blue gym shorts iron his clothes on an ironing board at home .	the man in blue gym shorts iron what on an ironing board at home ?	clothes
36104	A man in blue gym shorts iron his clothes on an ironing board at home .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
36105	The man sits down on the floor and folds his clothes and stacks them up .	the man sits down on the floor and folds what and stacks them up ?	clothes
36108	She throws a heavy ball really far .	what does she throw really far ?	ball
36110	He throws the balls really far .	what does he throw really far ?	balls
36111	Outside a dog is laying down on the pavement when a human picks up a frisbee and throws it .	what is outside laying down on the pavement when a human picks up a frisbee and throws it ?	dog
36112	The dog excitedly runs after it and come running back with it , bringing it back to his human .	what excitedly runs after it and come running back with it , bringing it back to his human ?	dog
36114	Once he see 's the frisbee flying he starts to run for it and brings it back every time .	what does 's flying he starts to run for it and brings it back every time ?	frisbee
36117	There are a some leaves fallen on the curb .	what are there fallen on the curb ?	leaves
36121	The man throws three darts at the dartboard .	how many darts does the man throw at the dartboard ?	three
36122	The camera man pans to the side of the dartboard and zooms in on the darts as the man in the striped shirt reaches for the dart board .	what pans to the side of the dartboard and zooms in on the darts as the man in the striped shirt reaches for the dart board ?	man
36137	A man with long sideburns wearing a red colored robe is playing the piano .	what is the man with long sideburns wearing a red colored robe is playing ?	piano
36137	A man with long sideburns wearing a red colored robe is playing the piano .	what is the color of the robe ?	red
36138	there 's another man in a blue shirt standing near him , busy engaged in packing some bags .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
36139	The main in red continues playing the piano as the other man carries two bags and leaves .	the main in red continues playing the piano as the other man carries how many bags and leaves ?	two
36141	There 's a person wearing blue latex gloves polishing a hexagonal wooden table to demonstrate French polishing technique .	there 's a person wearing what ?	gloves
36141	There 's a person wearing blue latex gloves polishing a hexagonal wooden table to demonstrate French polishing technique .	what is the color of the gloves ?	blue
36173	A man is holding a guitar and looks back and fourth between the camera and the guitar .	the man is holding what and looks back and fourth between the camera and the guitar ?	guitar
36184	A man is talking in his kitchen .	where is the man talking . ?	kitchen
36188	Two boys look around towards each other and continue raking the leaks until the yard is done .	how many boys look around towards each other and continue raking the leaks until the yard is done ?	two
36192	The special affect screen appears with a wooden background and 4 different pictures on the screen with words under them .	what appears with the wooden background and 4 different pictures on the screen with words under them ?	screen
36210	She combines and mixes the ingredients with a hand mixer .	what does she combine and mixes with a hand mixer ?	ingredients
36211	She then places flour into a bowl after she measures it along with baking soda .	what does she then place into a bowl ?	flour
36213	She then measures out dough that is on a baking sheet for cooking .	what does she then measure out ?	dough
36214	Placed in the oven and after they cool you have cookies .	placed in the oven and you have what ?	cookies
36218	A person holding a moose moves the puppet and leads into someone opening a box .	the person holding what moves the puppet and leads into someone opening a box ?	moose
36218	A person holding a moose moves the puppet and leads into someone opening a box .	what is the person holding a moose moves and leads into someone opening a box ?	puppet
36219	The person pulls pumpkins out of the box and cuts a circle around the top .	the person pulls what out of the box and cuts a circle around the top ?	pumpkins
36219	The person pulls pumpkins out of the box and cuts a circle around the top .	the person pulls pumpkins out of the box and cuts what around the top ?	circle
36220	He scoops the seeds out of the pumpkin while using the moose and uses a marker to draw on its side .	what does he scoop out of the pumpkin ?	seeds
36223	He shows the tool that he will be using that is called chefs choice .	what does he show ?	tool
36227	A middle aged white female is standing in a lobby of some sort next to a picture talking .	what is the color of the female ?	white
36234	A girl shoots the ball into the goal and achieves a point .	the girl shoots what into the goal and achieves a point ?	ball
36237	The man then sprays the window with windex and wipes the window .	the man then sprays what with windex and wipes the window ?	window
36237	The man then sprays the window with windex and wipes the window .	the man then sprays the window with windex and wipes what ?	window
36238	The man rolls the window up .	what does the man roll up ?	window
36239	The man finishes and rolls the window down to wipe it some more .	what does the man finish and rolls down ?	window
36244	A special effect intro screen appears , it 's mainly red and contains words on it that say `` How to Improve Your Volleyball Spike '' .	what appears , it 's mainly red and contains words on it that say `` how to improve your volleyball spike '' ?	screen
36245	In slow motion a man is on a volleyball court demonstrating moves as white text appears as he does certain movements .	what is the color of the text ?	white
36246	An African American male gymnast in a blue leotard steps under two bars and begins stretching .	an african american male gymnast in a blue leotard what under two bars and begins stretching ?	steps
36247	He grabs the bars and pulls himself up into a hand stand on the bars .	he grabs what and pulls himself up into a hand stand on the bars ?	bars
36269	She then puts a container into the pan while speaking to the camera .	what does she then put into the pan while speaking to the camera ?	container
36271	More clips are shown of people hitting the ball as well as the host speaking to another man .	what are shown of people hitting the ball as well as the host speaking to another man ?	clips
36272	More clips are shown of people playing in the pool and laughing with one another .	what are shown of people playing in the pool and laughing with one another ?	clips
36276	Cartoon buildings are shown , then a pair of angels .	what are shown , then the pair of angels ?	buildings
36277	We see a bucket filled with laundry .	what do we see filled with laundry ?	bucket
36280	We finally see an empty dryer before an ad for Laundry Bin Heaven .	what do we finally see before an ad for laundry bin heaven ?	dryer
36297	Two people are seen playing a game of pool while others watch on the side and conversation .	how many people are seen playing the game of pool while others watch on the side and conversation ?	two
36299	A young girl is sitting down in front of a screen and begins talking as she is holding a bottle of blue mouthwash .	what is the color of the mouthwash ?	blue
36304	A man in yellow jacket holds a rubber inter tube with a rope and a child in ski clothes sits down inside .	what does the man in yellow jacket hold with a rope and a child in ski clothes sits down inside ?	tube
36304	A man in yellow jacket holds a rubber inter tube with a rope and a child in ski clothes sits down inside .	what is the color of the jacket ?	yellow
36309	A child in green jacket gets into an intertube .	what is the color of the jacket ?	green
36311	A woman in grey sweatshirt retrieves the intertube at the bottom of the slope .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	gray
36312	A boy in green jacket is pushed down the ski slope .	what is the color of the jacket ?	green
36313	A woman an grey sweatshirt retrieves the intertube at the bottom of the slope .	what does the woman retrieve the intertube at the bottom of the slope ?	sweatshirt
36313	A woman an grey sweatshirt retrieves the intertube at the bottom of the slope .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	gray
36319	1 A camera man watches men on bikes that are about to race .	what does 1 watch men on bikes that are about to race ?	man
36321	3 One man wipes out .	how many man does 3 wipe out ?	one
36323	A girl holding a guitar talks to the camera .	what is the girl holding to the camera ?	talks
36324	The girl plays the guitar as she sits on the sofa .	what does the girl play ?	guitar
36326	We see an opening instruction screen .	what do we see ?	screen
36328	We see another instruction screen and see the person inserts the lens on the left .	we see what and see the person inserts the lens on the left ?	screen
36329	Another screen of instructions and the person inserts the right lens .	what does another screen of instructions and the person insert ?	lens
36330	Two sets of Instructions appear an the person removes the left and right lens .	how many sets of instructions appear an the person removes the left and right lens ?	two
36334	He skiis and walks up various hills .	he skiis and walks up what ?	hills
36336	He jumps off a hill and tries to do a 360 but falls .	he jumps off what and tries to do a 360 but falls ?	hill
36344	First this girl does a back bend and then another girl does a back walkover .	what does first this girl do and then another girl does a back walkover ?	bend
36347	A man wearing a bag is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a group of people riding in a raft .	the man wearing what is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a group of people riding in a raft ?	bag
36348	One person paddles around and turns the ground around , leading back into the man speaking to the camera .	how many person paddles around and turns the ground around , leading back into the man speaking to the camera ?	one
36349	A group of drummers dressed in all white outfits perform a song .	what is the color of the outfits ?	white
36364	He holds up a bottle of cleanser , and uses a rag to wipe it onto the woman 's face , before wiping it clean again .	he holds up a bottle of cleanser , and uses what , before wiping it clean again ?	rag
36367	A person cuts and squeezes lemons followed by the title `` Making Lemonade Is Easy and Fun '' .	what does the person cut and squeezes followed by the title `` making lemonade is easy and fun '' ?	lemons
36379	three basket players are doing shots and showing how to do a two steps technique .	how many basket players are doing shots and showing how to do a two steps technique ?	three
36380	A man wearing ski goggles adjusts the camera .	the man wearing what adjusts the camera ?	goggles
36380	A man wearing ski goggles adjusts the camera .	what is the man wearing ski goggles adjusts ?	camera
36383	There 's a woman with red colored hair wearing a black tank top and printed black tights skating on roller blades through the streets of a city .	what is the color of the hair ?	red
36383	There 's a woman with red colored hair wearing a black tank top and printed black tights skating on roller blades through the streets of a city .	what is the color of the top ?	black
36383	There 's a woman with red colored hair wearing a black tank top and printed black tights skating on roller blades through the streets of a city .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
36384	The streets do n't have any cars but people are riding bikes or skateboarding .	what do the streets do n't have but people are riding bikes or skateboarding ?	cars
36387	A man makes a motocross circuit using a heavy machine .	what does the man make using a heavy machine ?	circuit
36387	A man makes a motocross circuit using a heavy machine .	the man makes a motocross circuit using what ?	machine
36392	man says goodbye and leaves the shop and get home where man carry the bike and put it in a living room .	what does man say goodbye and leaves and get home and put it in a living room ?	shop
36392	man says goodbye and leaves the shop and get home where man carry the bike and put it in a living room .	where does man say goodbye and leaves the shop and get home where man carry the bike and put it . ?	room
36393	man is wriing on white papers and is fixing the bike on the garage .	what is the color of the papers ?	white
36395	They play a game of water polo and throw the ball around to each other .	they play a game of water polo and throw what around to each other ?	ball
36396	One throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer .	one throws what into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer ?	ball
36401	Two people are seen riding along on skis while speaking to one another and leads into them riding down a snowy hill .	how many people are seen riding along on skis while speaking to one another and leads into them riding down a snowy hill ?	two
36403	A dog rides on a boat with his owners .	what rides on the boat with his owners ?	dog
36404	A crab is seen crawling on the bottom of a lake .	what is seen crawling on the bottom of a lake ?	crab
36407	The group prepare a chair on a sled with a rope on shore .	what do the group prepare on a sled with a rope on shore ?	chair
36409	The group removes the sled from the water and lifts it to drain the water .	the group removes what from the water and lifts it to drain the water ?	sled
36416	He is holding a large steel ball .	what is he holding ?	ball
36417	He spins and throws the ball , then walks around the track waiting for his next turn .	what does he spin and throws , then walks around the track waiting for his next turn ?	ball
36422	One man talks to the camera while another man stands nearby .	how many man talks to the camera while another man stands nearby ?	one
36429	Then the boy gets off the bed and jumps down to the ground to look under the bedside table .	then the boy gets off what and jumps down to the ground to look under the bedside table ?	bed
36437	The kids are riding dirt bikes in a competition .	what are the kids riding in a competition ?	bicycles
36440	There 's a man wearing a red hat and a black shirt training and playing with his dog in a dog park .	what is the color of the hat ?	red
36440	There 's a man wearing a red hat and a black shirt training and playing with his dog in a dog park .	what is the color of the training ?	black
36443	The dog is running around and fetching the Frisbee for its owner .	what is running around and fetching the frisbee for its owner ?	dog
36444	The dog jumps up high to catch the Frisbee .	what jumps up high to catch the frisbee ?	dog
36445	The man also throws a ball to the dog for him to fetch .	what does the man also throw to the dog for him ?	ball
36446	The man lifts the dog up and walks away with it .	the man lifts what up and walks away with it ?	dog
36452	A woman in an orange shirt is doing various karate moves .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
36455	First he installs some rings onto the grips themselves .	what does first he install onto the grips themselves ?	rings
36462	Two woman are riding in a car .	how many woman are riding in the car ?	two
36462	Two woman are riding in a car .	where are two woman riding . ?	car
36475	A man in a black coat is shoveling snow with a shovel .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
36479	He swings the cape and runs near other men , teasing the bull into chasing him .	he swings what and runs near other men , teasing the bull into chasing him ?	cape
36480	The bull slams into the side of a horse being ridden by a man before running back towards the man with the cape .	what slams into the side of a horse being ridden by a man before running back towards the man with the cape ?	bull
36483	Two people are shown frolicking around in the lake .	how many people are shown frolicking around in the lake ?	two
36486	A lady paints her fingernails a plum color .	what does the lady paint her fingernails ?	color
36498	A lady picks up a contact lens .	what does the lady pick up contact ?	lens
36500	A hand bends a contact lens .	what does the hand bend contact ?	lens
36501	A man puts a contact lens in .	what does the man put contact in ?	lens
36502	A lady puts each contact lens in .	what does the lady put contact in ?	lens
36505	A van towing a car drives by view of blue road signs are shown and in white letters they read `` WALTON '' , `` Ontario 's West Coast '' and `` MOTORCROSS TOWN '' .	the van towing what drives by view of blue road signs are shown and in white letters they read `` walton '' , `` ontario 's west coast '' and `` motorcross town '' ?	car
36505	A van towing a car drives by view of blue road signs are shown and in white letters they read `` WALTON '' , `` Ontario 's West Coast '' and `` MOTORCROSS TOWN '' .	what is the color of the signs ?	blue
36505	A van towing a car drives by view of blue road signs are shown and in white letters they read `` WALTON '' , `` Ontario 's West Coast '' and `` MOTORCROSS TOWN '' .	what is the color of the letters ?	white
36509	Cheerleaders are standing on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
36522	Three people do a basketball drill of driving to the hoop .	how many people do the basketball drill of driving to the hoop ?	three
36526	He finishes putting in the sunscreen and looking away from the camera .	where does he finish putting and looking away from the camera . ?	sunscreen
36530	There are two roofers standing top of a building roof removing working on old roof removal .	how many roofers are there standing top of a building roof removing working on old roof removal ?	two
36531	They are using roofing shovel to remove the shingles and tarp .	what are they using ?	shovel
36532	One of the roofers is peeling off the tarp from the rooftop as he digs in the shovel underneath the tarp .	what is one of the roofers peeling off from the rooftop as he digs in the shovel underneath the tarp ?	tarp
36534	A camera pans over a sink full of dishes followed by a woman jogging over .	what pans over the sink full of dishes followed by a woman jogging over ?	camera
36536	A timer counts down how many dishes she 's washed and she smiles to the camera .	what counts down how many dishes she 's washed and she smiles to the camera ?	timer
36547	The parchment paper is peeled off the cake .	what is the parchment paper peeled off ?	cake
36548	The cake is sliced into loaves with a serrated knife .	what is sliced into loaves with a serrated knife ?	cake
36549	The cake is seen on plates for serving .	what is seen on plates for serving ?	cake
36550	A woman is helping a little boy slide down a slide .	what is the woman helping down a slide ?	slide
36551	A woman is at the top of a slide helping a little boy slide down into the arms of another person in a red vest .	what is the color of the vest ?	red
36552	A woman is helping the boy down a slide and the same person in the red vest catches them .	what is the color of the vest ?	red
36552	A woman is helping the boy down a slide and the same person in the red vest catches them .	where is the woman helping the boy down a slide and the same person catches them . ?	vest
36553	The person in the red vest then kissed the child .	what is the color of the vest ?	red
36553	The person in the red vest then kissed the child .	where did the person then kiss the child . ?	vest
36558	The car is then driven inside of a shop .	what is then driven inside of the shop ?	car
36563	Two men plays soccer table moving the players on the rods .	how many men plays soccer table moving the players on the rods ?	two
36564	A man wearing yellow shirt stroke the rod strong to hit the white ball .	what is the man wearing stroke the rod strong to hit the white ball ?	shirt
36564	A man wearing yellow shirt stroke the rod strong to hit the white ball .	what is the man wearing yellow shirt stroke strong to hit the white ball ?	rod
36564	A man wearing yellow shirt stroke the rod strong to hit the white ball .	what is the color of the stroke ?	yellow
36564	A man wearing yellow shirt stroke the rod strong to hit the white ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
36566	Two small children are playing on a swingset on a snow covered yard .	how many small children are playing on the swingset on a snow covered yard ?	two
36567	One child runs over to a swingset , but decides to change over to a green swing .	how many child runs over to the swingset , but decides to change over to a green swing ?	one
36567	One child runs over to a swingset , but decides to change over to a green swing .	what is the color of the swing ?	green
36570	The child is able to climb on , and the two children enjoy swinging together as the adult pushes the swing forward .	how many children enjoy swinging together as the adult pushes the swing forward ?	two
36574	The camera shifts and we see more of the room .	what shifts and we see more of the room ?	camera
36575	The camera angle changes and we see them playing the game from behind .	what changes and we see them playing the game from behind ?	angle
36576	A persons hand on the left enters the screen .	what does the persons hand on the left enter ?	screen
36577	The camera angle changes again and we are in front of the players .	what changes again and we are in front of the players ?	angle
36581	A baby girl is holding a compact , wiping the makeup pad against her cheek .	what is the baby girl holding , ?	compact
36583	Three men are walking with the stilts .	how many men are walking with the stilts ?	three
36590	A man in a blue shirt moves to take his shot .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
36592	The man in black moves out of the shot .	what is the color of the moves ?	black
36600	They are eating dinner around a table .	what are they eating around a table ?	dinner
36601	They leave their snowboards and walk into a cabin .	they leave what and walk into a cabin ?	snowboards
36604	At the end , she adjusts the ornaments and adds a star to the top of the tree .	at the end , she adjusts what and adds a star to the top of the tree ?	ornaments
36604	At the end , she adjusts the ornaments and adds a star to the top of the tree .	at the end , she adjusts the ornaments and adds what to the top of the tree ?	star
36605	A man is sitting on the rock , then people are climbing the big rocks without harness .	what is the man sitting on the rock , then people are climbing without harness ?	rocks
36609	The dog runs for the ball .	what runs for the ball ?	dog
36611	The dog tries to get the ball .	what tries to get the ball ?	dog
36612	A man kicks sand at and shoos the dog .	the man kicks sand at and shoos what ?	dog
36613	Several young kids are in a gym playing dodge wall with medium sized red balls .	what are several young kids in a gym playing with medium sized red balls ?	wall
36613	Several young kids are in a gym playing dodge wall with medium sized red balls .	what is the color of the balls ?	red
36613	Several young kids are in a gym playing dodge wall with medium sized red balls .	where are several young kids playing dodge wall . ?	gym
36624	She puts the bar down and begins exercising in a humerus way while speaking to the audience .	she puts what down and begins exercising in a humerus way while speaking to the audience ?	bar
36626	Two young children are seen standing behind a table with one peeling lemons and a boy watching on the side .	how many young children are seen standing behind the table with one peeling lemons and a boy watching on the side ?	two
36631	The man writes down his score and the man attempts to solve the cube several more times while the boy helps .	how many several more times does the man attempt to solve while the boy helps ?	cube
36632	A man films himself standing in a bathroom while holding a razor close to his face .	where does the man film himself standing . ?	bathroom
36637	He picks up a can and sprays it on the woman 's arm and rubs it .	he picks up what and sprays it on the woman 's arm and rubs it ?	can
36639	He picks up a third container and puts it on her arm and rubs it in as well .	he picks up what and puts it on her arm and rubs it in as well ?	container
36640	He picks up a fourth tube and puts the cream on her hand and rubs it in .	he picks up what and puts the cream on her hand and rubs it in ?	tube
36642	He then takes a compact of brown powder , presents it to the camera and puts it back down .	what is the color of the powder ?	brown
36643	A little girl is blowing leaves in fall outside of a house .	what is the little girl blowing in fall outside of a house ?	leaves
36647	The man turns around , loses his balance , and falls off the rope .	the man turns around , loses his balance , and falls off what ?	rope
36657	A woman is now holding a napkin .	what is the woman now holding ?	napkin
36658	A makeup brush is being held .	what is being held ?	brush
36665	They use a wooden stick to clean the side of their nails .	what do they use ?	stick
36673	Teens drive electric bumper cars in an oval circuit while people watch behind the fence .	what do teens drive in an oval circuit ?	cars
36673	Teens drive electric bumper cars in an oval circuit while people watch behind the fence .	where do teens drive electric bumper cars while people watch behind the fence . ?	circuit
36674	Two girls in a yellow car get stuck , but then they continue driving .	how many girls in a yellow car get stuck ?	two
36674	Two girls in a yellow car get stuck , but then they continue driving .	what is the color of the car ?	yellow
36674	Two girls in a yellow car get stuck , but then they continue driving .	where do two girls get stuck , but then they continue driving . ?	car
36675	All the cars are stuck on the track , then one car gets out and the others get free to continue driving .	what are stuck on the track , then one car gets out and the others get free to continue driving ?	cars
36675	All the cars are stuck on the track , then one car gets out and the others get free to continue driving .	what are all the cars stuck on the track , then gets out and the others get free to continue driving ?	car
36675	All the cars are stuck on the track , then one car gets out and the others get free to continue driving .	how many car does then get out ?	one
36676	Then , all cars stop and the teen get out the cars .	what do then , all cars stop and the teen get out ?	cars
36682	A man uses an elongated stick to elevate himself over a heighten hurdle .	what does the man use ?	stick
36687	The male 's friend then grabs a bar and begins lifting weights and jerking .	the male 's friend then grabs what and begins lifting weights and jerking ?	bar
36693	People gather in a restaurant , then a cooker shows pasta and ingredients while talking .	what do people gather in a restaurant , then shows pasta and ingredients while talking ?	cooker
36693	People gather in a restaurant , then a cooker shows pasta and ingredients while talking .	where do people gather , then a cooker shows pasta and ingredients while talking . ?	restaurant
36694	The cooker cuts and fries squid in a pot , then he adds salt and vinegar .	where did the cooker cuts and fries squid , then he adds salt and vinegar . ?	pot
36695	Then , the cooker cut tomatoes and add to the squid , also adds garlic , pepper and green vegetables .	then , what cut tomatoes and add to the squid , also adds garlic , pepper and green vegetables ?	cooker
36695	Then , the cooker cut tomatoes and add to the squid , also adds garlic , pepper and green vegetables .	then , the cooker cut what and add to the squid , also adds garlic , pepper and green vegetables ?	tomatoes
36695	Then , the cooker cut tomatoes and add to the squid , also adds garlic , pepper and green vegetables .	then , the cooker cut tomatoes and add to the squid , also adds what ?	vegetables
36696	After , the cooker adds water and covers the pot with aluminum paper .	after , what adds water and covers the pot with aluminum paper ?	cooker
36696	After , the cooker adds water and covers the pot with aluminum paper .	after , the cooker adds water and covers what with aluminum paper ?	pot
36697	Next , the cooker add the pasta to the squid and mix , then he and serves in a dish while talking .	next , what add the pasta to the squid and mix , then he and serves in a dish while talking ?	cooker
36697	Next , the cooker add the pasta to the squid and mix , then he and serves in a dish while talking .	next , the cooker add what to the squid and mix , then he and serves in a dish while talking ?	pasta
