0	A young woman is seen standing in a room and leads into her dancing .	who is seen standing in the room and leads into her dancing ?	woman
0	A young woman is seen standing in a room and leads into her dancing .	where is the young woman seen standing . ?	room
1	The girl dances around the room while the camera captures her movements .	who dances around the room while the camera captures her movements ?	girl
5	The woman lays on the ground .	who lays on the ground ?	woman
6	The man starts pointing to different areas of the woman 's body as she does an exercise .	who starts pointing to different areas of the woman 's body as she does an exercise ?	man
7	The woman begins to do small sit ups .	who begins to do small sit ups ?	woman
8	The woman ends with a final title logo sequence .	who ends with the final title logo sequence ?	woman
9	Two people are seen moving around a kitchen quickly performing various tasks and sitting down .	how many people are seen moving around the kitchen quickly performing various tasks and sitting down ?	two
13	The dog turns around and goes back to the other room .	what turns around and goes back to the other room ?	dog
16	A little boy holding a yellow ball walks by .	who is holding a yellow ball walks by ?	boy
16	A little boy holding a yellow ball walks by .	the little boy holding what walks by ?	ball
16	A little boy holding a yellow ball walks by .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
17	A man poses for a picture in front of them .	who poses for the picture in front of them ?	man
18	A young girl is seen sitting in a chair with a person standing next to her .	who is seen sitting in the chair with a person standing next to her ?	girl
21	A woman is shown riding a camel past pyramids in Egypt .	who is shown riding the camel past pyramids in egypt ?	woman
22	The camel walks as the woman leans forward .	what walks as the woman leans forward ?	camel
23	And hand covers the lens as the harness is shown .	what does and hand cover ?	lens
24	A child mops the floor of a hallway in a house .	who mops the floor of a hallway in a house ?	child
25	The child sets the mop down and plays with her family member .	who sets the mop down and plays with her family member ?	child
25	The child sets the mop down and plays with her family member .	what does the child set down ?	mop
26	The child walks into the bedroom area and continues to mop the floor .	who walks into the bedroom area and continues to mop the floor ?	child
27	A man is seen kneeling down on the floor speaking to the camera .	who is seen kneeling down on the floor speaking to the camera ?	man
28	The man mixes up various ingredients and begins laying plaster on the floor .	who mixes up various ingredients and begins laying plaster on the floor ?	man
28	The man mixes up various ingredients and begins laying plaster on the floor .	what does the man mix up ?	ingredients
31	Two lines of young men are walking side by side down a road .	how many lines of young men are walking side by side down a road ?	two
32	Then one man stands in a field holding a wooden object and begins twisting it .	then who stands in the field holding a wooden object and begins twisting it ?	man
32	Then one man stands in a field holding a wooden object and begins twisting it .	then how many man stands in the field holding a wooden object and begins twisting it ?	one
33	He then bends down and grabs a ball .	what does he then grab ?	ball
34	After , the ball is placed on the ground and he picks it up and hits it as if he 's playing baseball .	what is after , placed on the ground and he picks it up and hits it as if he 's playing baseball ?	ball
35	The ball is thrown back and he its it again .	what is thrown back and he its it again ?	ball
37	There was a penalty and one players attempts to hit the ball into the goal from the side .	how many players attempts to hit the ball into the goal from the side ?	one
38	Lastly , the screen flashes to a black screen and the words The End are shown .	what does lastly , flash to the black screen and the words the end are shown ?	screen
38	Lastly , the screen flashes to a black screen and the words The End are shown .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
39	A woman wearing overalls is talking to the camera .	who is wearing overalls is talking to the camera ?	woman
39	A woman wearing overalls is talking to the camera .	the woman wearing what is talking to the camera ?	overalls
44	A person in a yellow uniform is standing in front of a net blocking balls .	what is the color of the uniform ?	yellow
45	A girl is seen climbing across a set of monkey bars followed by her waving to the camera .	who is seen climbing across the set of monkey bars followed by her waving to the camera ?	girl
47	A camera pans over a snowy area and leads into a man standing on a snowboard and riding down a mountain .	what pans over the snowy area and leads into a man standing on a snowboard and riding down a mountain ?	camera
48	The man zooms in on himself riding down the hill and ends with him turning off the camera .	who zooms in on himself riding down the hill and ends with him turning off the camera ?	man
49	A playroom is seen followed by a young boy sliding down a slide and climbing back up again .	what is seen followed by the young boy sliding down a slide and climbing back up again ?	playroom
51	A man and woman are sitting on red couches with sports jerseys hanging on the wall and a blue screen on the wall behind them in the middle of them .	what is the color of the couches ?	red
51	A man and woman are sitting on red couches with sports jerseys hanging on the wall and a blue screen on the wall behind them in the middle of them .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
52	The woman picks up a clipboard next to her and smooths out the papers that are on top of it while smiling , crosses her legs and sits back .	who picks up the clipboard next to her and smooths out the papers that are on top of it while smiling , crosses her legs and sits back ?	woman
52	The woman picks up a clipboard next to her and smooths out the papers that are on top of it while smiling , crosses her legs and sits back .	what does the woman pick up next to her ?	clipboard
53	The man is talking this whole time while the woman gets comfortable on her couch and the woman briefly talks .	who is talking this whole time while the woman gets comfortable on her couch and the woman briefly talks ?	man
53	The man is talking this whole time while the woman gets comfortable on her couch and the woman briefly talks .	who is the man talking this whole time and briefly talks ?	woman
54	When the clips end the man and woman on the couch begin talking and she puts her clipboard down .	what do begin and she puts down ?	clipboard
55	The former president is seen walking in a large field next to a woman and surrounded by a large crowd .	who is seen walking in the large field next to a woman and surrounded by a large crowd ?	president
56	The man gives a speech while people cheering and he shakes hands with others .	who gives the speech while people cheering and he shakes hands with others ?	man
57	The man then shares a beer with other people around him .	who then shares the beer with other people around him ?	man
57	The man then shares a beer with other people around him .	what does the man then share with other people around him ?	beer
58	Four kids are outside in the beach playing in the sand , two boys on the left and two girls on the right .	who are outside in the beach playing in the sand , two boys on the left and two girls on the right ?	kids
58	Four kids are outside in the beach playing in the sand , two boys on the left and two girls on the right .	how many kids are outside in the beach playing in the sand , two boys on the left and two girls on the right ?	four
63	the leaves continue to be shown blowing around as well as a machine sitting off in the distance .	what continue to be shown blowing around as well as the machine sitting off in the distance ?	leaves
65	The man is then seen speaking to the camera and transitions into him scoring several more baskets .	who is then seen speaking to the camera and transitions into him scoring several more baskets ?	man
68	They continue working out in the room .	where do they continue working out . ?	room
72	A man is playing the bagpipes in front of people .	who is playing the bagpipes in front of people ?	man
72	A man is playing the bagpipes in front of people .	what is the man playing in front of people ?	bagpipes
74	A man is seen padding a canoe along the water while the camera captures him from several angles .	who is seen padding the canoe along the water while the camera captures him from several angles ?	man
75	The man continues riding around followed by performing several ways to turn the canoe around .	who continues riding around followed by performing several ways to turn the canoe around ?	man
77	The blackjack attendant places cards on the table .	who places cards on the table ?	attendant
78	Two men in padded sumo costumes are pulled along a tug rope on a ski slope .	how many men in padded sumo costumes are pulled along a tug rope on a ski slope ?	two
79	Two men in yellow padded sumo costumes do jumps on their snowboard on a downhill course .	how many men in yellow padded sumo costumes do jumps on their snowboard on a downhill course ?	two
79	Two men in yellow padded sumo costumes do jumps on their snowboard on a downhill course .	what is the color of the costumes ?	yellow
81	The man spins while sliding across a platform in the sumo suit .	who spins while sliding across the platform in the sumo suit ?	man
82	The two men give each other a high five .	how many men give each other a high five ?	two
85	The man jumps onto and slide across a platform while wearing a sumo suit .	who jumps onto and slide across a platform while wearing a sumo suit ?	man
86	The man bounces over a low railing .	who bounces over the low railing ?	man
87	A man was sitting inside a room .	who was sitting inside the room ?	man
89	He is drinking the broth from a bowl .	what is he drinking from a bowl ?	broth
90	A little boy is laying on an exercise ball .	who is laying on an exercise ball ?	boy
91	The boy falls of and gets back on the ball before he falls off again .	who falls of and gets back on the ball before he falls off again ?	boy
92	He tries to sit on the ball but the ball rolls away .	what does he try but rolls away ?	ball
94	A woman puts a pair of shoes on while sitting in an office chair .	who puts the pair of shoes on while sitting in an office chair ?	woman
95	The woman buckles her shoes .	who buckles her shoes ?	woman
99	A woman is seen talking to the camera and presenting various liquids to the camera .	who is seen talking to the camera and presenting various liquids to the camera ?	woman
102	She pours the drink out into the glass while still speaking to the camera .	what does she pour out into the glass while still speaking to the camera ?	drink
103	Three people stand by the corner of a building .	how many people stand by the corner of a building ?	three
107	A person is holding a flute .	what is the person holding ?	flute
110	The woman talks directly to the camera .	who talks directly to the camera ?	woman
111	The screen shows the title of preparing a Chilean Hulte salad dish .	what shows the title of preparing a chilean hulte salad dish ?	screen
112	A person is mixing salad ingredients in a large bowl .	what is the person mixing in a large bowl ?	ingredients
112	A person is mixing salad ingredients in a large bowl .	where is the person mixing salad ingredients . ?	bowl
115	Two customers make a purchase and give money to the seller and give the camera a thumbs up .	who make the purchase and give money to the seller and give the camera a thumbs up ?	customers
115	Two customers make a purchase and give money to the seller and give the camera a thumbs up .	what do two customers give to the seller ?	money
115	Two customers make a purchase and give money to the seller and give the camera a thumbs up .	how many customers make the purchase and give money to the seller and give the camera a thumbs up ?	two
116	The chef is showing hulte placed on a kitchen counter .	who is showing hulte placed on a kitchen counter ?	chef
117	The chef is slicing the hulte in circular bite size pieces .	who is slicing the hulte in circular bite size pieces ?	chef
118	A woman eats the cut pieces of hulte .	who eats the cut pieces of hulte ?	woman
119	The chef chops some cilantro on the kitchen counter .	who chops some cilantro on the kitchen counter ?	chef
120	Then the chef places the ingredients in a salad bowl .	who does then place the ingredients in a salad bowl ?	chef
120	Then the chef places the ingredients in a salad bowl .	where does then the chef place the ingredients . ?	bowl
121	The finished product is shown on screen , followed by a group of people sitting together and enjoying the salad .	what is shown on screen , followed by a group of people sitting together and enjoying the salad ?	product
123	Hiphop dancers perform in front of a crowd .	who perform in front of a crowd ?	dancers
124	They are all doing the same basic dance and having pictures taken of them .	what are they all doing the same basic dance and having taken of them ?	pictures
125	A murky river is shown next to a row of trees .	what is shown next to the row of trees ?	river
127	Then we see rapid waters as the tubers go over small falls .	who do then we see ?	waters
128	Three girls are on the beach talking .	who are on the beach talking ?	girls
128	Three girls are on the beach talking .	how many girls are on the beach talking ?	three
131	The camera pans above lush and green terrain over what looks like a mountain range .	what pans above lush and green terrain over what looks like a mountain range ?	camera
132	A man is shown covered in sweat and then jumping across various hills performing stunts on a dirt bike .	who is shown covered in sweat and then jumping across various hills performing stunts on a dirt bike ?	man
137	A woman is walking along a track .	who is walking along the track ?	woman
142	They strain the juice and pour it into a jar .	what do they strain ?	juice
144	A child scrubs out the kitchen sink using a brush .	who scrubs out the kitchen sink using a brush ?	child
144	A child scrubs out the kitchen sink using a brush .	what does the child scrub out using a brush ?	sink
145	The boy turns on the sink faucet .	who turns on the sink faucet ?	boy
146	The child uses the faucet nozzle to rinse out the sink .	who uses the faucet nozzle to rinse out the sink ?	child
146	The child uses the faucet nozzle to rinse out the sink .	what does the child use ?	nozzle
147	The boy returns the sink nozzle to the faucet and turns off the water .	who returns the sink nozzle to the faucet and turns off the water ?	boy
147	The boy returns the sink nozzle to the faucet and turns off the water .	what does the boy return to the faucet ?	nozzle
148	A dealer is shown laying out cards on a table while other people 's hands are shown on the side .	who is shown laying out cards on a table while other people 's hands are shown on the side ?	dealer
151	A lady dressed in all black however , seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time .	who dressed in all black however , seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time ?	lady
151	A lady dressed in all black however , seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time .	what is the color of the lady ?	black
152	After the crowd is shown and more people are seen running through the city or even participating in a wheel chair as the people on the side cheer them on .	where is after the crowd shown and more people are seen running through the city or even participating cheer them on . ?	chair
153	A man is shown standing in front of a blue background as many harmonicas are shown and he starts playing them .	who is shown standing in front of a blue background as many harmonicas are shown and he starts playing them ?	man
153	A man is shown standing in front of a blue background as many harmonicas are shown and he starts playing them .	what is the color of the background ?	blue
157	He speaks some more and shows his harmonica again as the video goes to an end title screen that reads Howcast original '' .	what does he show again '' ?	harmonica
158	A boy wearing white shorts is standing in a room .	who is wearing white shorts is standing in a room ?	boy
158	A boy wearing white shorts is standing in a room .	the boy wearing what is standing in a room ?	shorts
158	A boy wearing white shorts is standing in a room .	what is the color of the shorts ?	white
158	A boy wearing white shorts is standing in a room .	where is the boy wearing white shorts is standing . ?	room
164	A runner tests a prosthetic leg in a long distance run .	who tests the prosthetic leg in a long distance run ?	runner
167	The people hit the ball back and fourth while others watch on the side .	what did the people hit back and fourth while others watch on the side ?	ball
169	A young girl introduces the video and explains what she will be doing to wood .	who introduces the video and explains what she will be doing to wood ?	girl
172	A man uses a large plastic blue bat .	who uses the large plastic blue bat ?	man
172	A man uses a large plastic blue bat .	what does the man use ?	bat
172	A man uses a large plastic blue bat .	what is the color of the bat ?	blue
175	Athletes throw a javelin during a competition .	who throw the javelin during a competition ?	athletes
176	A man practices his throwing stance walking and doing half throws without javeline .	who practices his throwing stance walking and doing half throws without javeline ?	man
177	A man practices his throwing stance walking and doing half throws holding a javeline .	who practices his throwing stance walking and doing half throws holding a javeline ?	man
178	The man swings a hammer .	who swings the hammer ?	man
178	The man swings a hammer .	what does the man swing ?	hammer
179	The man throws a weighted ball .	who throws the weighted ball ?	man
179	The man throws a weighted ball .	what does the man throw ?	ball
180	Athletes train in a gym doing throwing motions on weighted cable machines .	who train in the gym doing throwing motions on weighted cable machines ?	athletes
184	We see the man talking to the camera .	who do we see talking to the camera ?	man
186	A woman is outside , shoveling snow .	who is outside , shoveling snow ?	woman
187	A dog wags his tail as he tries to help .	what wags his tail as he tries to help ?	dog
187	A dog wags his tail as he tries to help .	what did the dog wag ?	tail
189	A man pass on front holding a jacket and stand next a TV .	who pass on front holding a jacket and stand next a tv ?	man
191	A man is playing the bagpipes at the bottom of the stairs in the living room of a house , wearing a button up and dress pants , along with socks .	who is playing the bagpipes at the bottom of the stairs in the living room of a house , wearing a button up and dress pants , along with socks ?	man
191	A man is playing the bagpipes at the bottom of the stairs in the living room of a house , wearing a button up and dress pants , along with socks .	what is the man playing at the bottom of the stairs in the living room of a house , wearing a button up and dress pants , along with socks ?	bagpipes
194	People are working in a bike shop fixing a bike .	where are people working fixing a bike . ?	shop
195	They put the wheels back onto the bike .	what did they put back onto the bike ?	wheels
197	The bike is put together on the floor .	what is put together on the floor ?	bicycle
198	A man is giving advice on outdoor activities , specifically mushrooming and closeup is shown and the man talks about it .	who is giving advice on outdoor activities , specifically mushrooming and closeup is shown and the man talks about it ?	man
198	A man is giving advice on outdoor activities , specifically mushrooming and closeup is shown and the man talks about it .	who is the man giving advice on outdoor activities , specifically mushrooming and closeup is shown and talks about it ?	man
199	The man cuts one open and then cuts it in half .	who cuts one open and then cuts it in half ?	man
200	Another man talks about the experience .	who talks about the experience ?	man
202	The man plays bongo drums while the woman helps occasionally .	who plays bongo drums while the woman helps occasionally ?	man
202	The man plays bongo drums while the woman helps occasionally .	what does the man play ?	drums
204	A person walks on the roof of a climbing equipment , then he goes down the wall and reach the floor and walk forward .	what does the person walk on the roof of a climbing equipment , then he goes down the wall and reach and walk forward ?	floor
205	The man stand with the hands on the border on the equipment and descend down the walk with the hands , then he walk on hands sideward .	who stand with the hands on the border on the equipment and descend down the walk with the hands , then he walk on hands sideward ?	man
206	A woman is seen holding two dogs on a leash and proceeds to unhook them and let them go .	who is seen holding two dogs on a leash and proceeds to unhook them and let them go ?	woman
206	A woman is seen holding two dogs on a leash and proceeds to unhook them and let them go .	how many dogs is the woman seen holding on a leash and proceeds to unhook them and let them go ?	two
210	Two men in work out clothes are standing up against the wall and they begin to talk about working out .	how many men in work out clothes are standing up against the wall ?	two
211	One man is then shown and he bends down and shows the proper way to lift the bar with weight on it .	who is then shown and he bends down and shows the proper way to lift the bar with weight on it ?	man
211	One man is then shown and he bends down and shows the proper way to lift the bar with weight on it .	how many man is then shown ?	one
212	A man is seen kneeling in a gym .	who is seen kneeling in the gym ?	man
212	A man is seen kneeling in a gym .	where is the man seen kneeling . ?	gym
215	A person is using a leaf blower to blow leaves into a pile .	what is the person using ?	blower
216	The leaves blow up onto a hedge .	what blow up onto the hedge ?	leaves
218	A group of people are sitting down at the top of a snow slide in a tube .	where are the group of people sitting down . ?	tube
219	The person holding the camera starts his journey and he is off down the slopes of snow .	the person holding what starts his journey and he is off down the slopes of snow ?	camera
220	As he reaches the bottom , several black mats are placed in front of him to help slow him down .	what are , placed in front of him to help slow him down ?	mats
220	As he reaches the bottom , several black mats are placed in front of him to help slow him down .	what is the color of the mats ?	black
221	A man is seated at a piano , playing and singing into a microphone .	who is seated at the piano , playing and singing into a microphone ?	man
223	A female athlete runs quickly down a track .	who runs quickly down the track ?	athlete
227	The man rides a wave , then through it .	who rides the wave , then through it ?	man
229	A man is shown flipping a violin in his hands , playing a popular song on his violin .	who is shown flipping the violin in his hands , playing a popular song on his violin ?	man
230	The camera shows the violinist from various angles playing the popular song and not breaking concentration .	what shows the violinist from various angles playing the popular song and not breaking concentration ?	camera
230	The camera shows the violinist from various angles playing the popular song and not breaking concentration .	who does the camera show from various angles playing the popular song and not breaking concentration ?	violinist
231	The camera pans all around the player and shows him playing the complete song .	what pans all around the player and shows him playing the complete song ?	camera
232	A camera zooms in on a person riding in a tube .	what zooms in on the person riding in a tube ?	camera
235	A man train a boy kick box while two men watch sitting in the room .	who train the boy kick box while two men watch sitting in the room ?	man
235	A man train a boy kick box while two men watch sitting in the room .	how many men do the man train a boy kick box while watch sitting in the room ?	two
235	A man train a boy kick box while two men watch sitting in the room .	where do the man train a boy kick box while two men watch sitting . ?	room
236	Then , the man stands and kick the boy who kick back then kneels .	who do then , kick the boy who kick back ?	man
236	Then , the man stands and kick the boy who kick back then kneels .	who do then , the man kick ?	boy
237	After , the man trains another child while showing movements .	who does after , train another child while showing movements ?	man
237	After , the man trains another child while showing movements .	who does after , the man train while showing movements ?	child
238	After , the man stands to practice kicks , then the man lye down and and hug the child who continues practicing kick box .	who does kick , then down and and hug the child who continues practicing kick box ?	man
238	After , the man stands to practice kicks , then the man lye down and and hug the child who continues practicing kick box .	who does kick , then the man lye down and and hug ?	child
242	The winner dances and runs across the field .	who dances and runs across the field ?	winner
243	A young child is seen sitting behind a drum set playing the drums .	who is seen sitting behind the drum set playing the drums ?	child
244	The boy continues playing the instrument while the camera zooms in on him playing .	who continues playing the instrument while the camera zooms in on him playing ?	boy
247	The family watch the weather outdoors as it begins to rain and a little girl runs out into the rain and dances in it .	who do the family watch and runs out into the rain and dances in it ?	girl
250	A man plays guitar and harmonica at the same time .	who plays guitar and harmonica at the same time ?	man
251	Then , the man sings while playing the guitar .	who does then , sing while playing the guitar ?	man
253	Next , the man plays the harmonica and the guitar together .	who does next , play the harmonica and the guitar together ?	man
255	A young man is shown in a gym performing tricks with a jump rope as music plays in the background .	who is shown in the gym performing tricks with a jump rope as music plays in the background ?	man
257	The young man gets up again and does more tricks while standing .	who gets up again and does more tricks while standing ?	man
258	At one point , his friends assist with the jump rope tricks .	who do at one point , assist with the jump rope tricks ?	friends
260	A lady is seen putting wax on a mans shoes .	who is seen putting wax on a mans shoes ?	lady
261	We see the cloth hanging on the wall .	what do we see hanging on the wall ?	cloth
263	The woman rubs the mans shoes with a cloth .	who rubs the mans shoes with a cloth ?	woman
265	A man is standing on a platform .	who is standing on the platform ?	man
266	We see the holographic man on the wall with the paper .	who do we see on the wall with the paper ?	man
267	A black two door Audi A3 is shown and then the camera zooms in on the tires .	what is shown and then the camera zooms in on the tires ?	door
267	A black two door Audi A3 is shown and then the camera zooms in on the tires .	what is the black two door audi a3 shown and then zooms in on the tires ?	camera
269	Next , the truck is opened , and the person removes the spare tire and the jack .	what is next , opened , and the person removes the spare tire and the jack ?	truck
270	He then lifts the car and continues to loosen the bolts on the wheel of the car .	what does he then lift ?	car
271	Once loose , the wheel is removed and the spare is put on and the same actions are performed in reverse .	what is once loose , removed and the spare is put on and the same actions are performed in reverse ?	wheel
272	Two girls stand between a girl in a hair salon stool and begin brushing her and parting her hair .	who stand between the girl in a hair salon stool and begin brushing her and parting her hair ?	girls
272	Two girls stand between a girl in a hair salon stool and begin brushing her and parting her hair .	how many girls stand between the girl in a hair salon stool and begin brushing her and parting her hair ?	two
273	One woman braids her hair continuously to eventually create a french braid .	who braids her hair continuously to eventually create a french braid ?	woman
273	One woman braids her hair continuously to eventually create a french braid .	how many woman braids her hair continuously to eventually create a french braid ?	one
274	Both women stand talking to the camera while presenting the braid just made .	who stand talking to the camera while presenting the braid just made ?	women
275	We see a colorful opening scene .	what do we see ?	scene
277	The kids perform zumba on a stage .	who perform zumba on a stage ?	kids
279	We see an an ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
280	A man wearing a striped shirt dances with a girl in a brown blouse at a street festival .	who is wearing a striped shirt dances with a girl in a brown blouse at a street festival ?	man
280	A man wearing a striped shirt dances with a girl in a brown blouse at a street festival .	the man wearing what dances with a girl in a brown blouse at a street festival ?	shirt
280	A man wearing a striped shirt dances with a girl in a brown blouse at a street festival .	what is the color of the blouse ?	brown
282	Onlookers pass by while the group continues to dance .	who pass by while the group continues to dance ?	onlookers
283	The man is strumming one drum .	who is strumming one drum ?	man
283	The man is strumming one drum .	what is the man strumming ?	drum
283	The man is strumming one drum .	how many drum is the man strumming ?	one
284	The man strum the other drum while moving his leg .	who strum the other drum while moving his leg ?	man
284	The man strum the other drum while moving his leg .	what do the man strum while moving his leg ?	drum
285	The man play two drums at the same time .	who play two drums at the same time ?	man
285	The man play two drums at the same time .	how many drums do the man play at the same time ?	two
286	The woman is sitting by the fireplace holding a violin .	who is sitting by the fireplace holding a violin ?	woman
287	The woman placed the violin between her neck and shoulder and began strumming the violin with the stick .	who placed the violin between her neck and shoulder and began strumming the violin with the stick ?	woman
288	The lady put the violin on her lap and talked .	who put the violin on her lap and talked ?	lady
288	The lady put the violin on her lap and talked .	what did the lady put on her lap ?	violin
289	A man sits in a chair as he is getting his hair cut .	who sits in the chair as he is getting his hair cut ?	man
289	A man sits in a chair as he is getting his hair cut .	where does the man sit as he is getting his hair cut . ?	chair
290	A man in a black shirt moves a light around .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
292	A hair stylist continuously combs and cuts the man 's hair .	who continuously combs and cuts the man 's hair ?	stylist
292	A hair stylist continuously combs and cuts the man 's hair .	who does the hair stylist continuously comb and cuts hair ?	man
293	The hair stylists rubs some pomade on the man 's hair .	who rubs some pomade on the man 's hair ?	stylists
294	The man is seen posing .	who is seen posing ?	man
300	A woman wearing a hood and glasses is talking .	who is wearing a hood and glasses is talking ?	woman
301	She is holding a baton and twirling it in her hands .	what is she holding and twirling it in her hands ?	baton
302	A woman is seen standing behind a sink and washing dishes while speaking to the camera .	who is seen standing behind the sink and washing dishes while speaking to the camera ?	woman
303	The woman continues washing silverware while looking over to the camera and smiling .	who continues washing silverware while looking over to the camera and smiling ?	woman
304	A man in a black hat is hitting a ball on the grass with a club .	what is the man in a black hat hitting on the grass with a club ?	ball
304	A man in a black hat is hitting a ball on the grass with a club .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
312	The man completes the jump after a couple tries and is shown again in slow motion .	who completes the jump after a couple tries and is shown again in slow motion ?	man
313	The man attempts jumping higher several more times and ends up knocking the bar down each time .	who attempts jumping higher several more times and ends up knocking the bar down each time ?	man
314	A woman is laughing as she jumps rope inside a gym .	who is laughing as she jumps rope inside a gym ?	woman
316	A woman wearing a leopard print shirt and a denim jacket is doing a tutorial on fake nails and how to use them .	who is wearing a leopard print shirt and a denim jacket is doing a tutorial on fake nails and how to use them ?	woman
322	She also uses some lime green nail polish and paints the nails to finish off the process and make them shiny .	what is the color of the polish ?	green
323	A cook is standing in front of a large stove .	who is standing in front of a large stove ?	cook
325	The man creates a giant omelette , finally flipping it onto a plate and handing it to a patron .	who creates the giant omelette , finally flipping it onto a plate and handing it to a patron ?	man
325	The man creates a giant omelette , finally flipping it onto a plate and handing it to a patron .	what does the man create , ?	omelette
326	An old man with gray hair , wearing red shirt and black pants is dribbling the ball in an indoor court , he dribbled the ball side by side , between his legs .	what is the color of the hair ?	gray
326	An old man with gray hair , wearing red shirt and black pants is dribbling the ball in an indoor court , he dribbled the ball side by side , between his legs .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
326	An old man with gray hair , wearing red shirt and black pants is dribbling the ball in an indoor court , he dribbled the ball side by side , between his legs .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
327	He shoot the ball into the ring , then start dribbling again to side to side and between his legs , and shoot the ball into the ring .	what do he shoot into the ring ?	ball
327	He shoot the ball into the ring , then start dribbling again to side to side and between his legs , and shoot the ball into the ring .	what do he shoot into the ring ?	ball
330	A helicopter rides over the shoreline where the surfers are riding .	what rides over the shoreline where the surfers are riding ?	helicopter
332	A man is then shown prepping his board with surf wax .	who is then shown prepping his board with surf wax ?	man
334	The crowd cheers multiples surfing runs on .	how many multiples does the crowd surfing run on ?	cheers
338	We see a golden title on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
339	A man is playing a harmonica as arrows point to numbers above him .	who is playing the harmonica as arrows point to numbers above him ?	man
344	A man puts on a helmet with a camera mounted on it .	who puts on the helmet with a camera mounted on it ?	man
345	The man participates in a lacrosse match with the camera recording in first person perspective .	who participates in the lacrosse match with the camera recording in first person perspective ?	man
346	The man makes a successful shot on goal and high fives a teammate .	who makes the successful shot on goal and high fives a teammate ?	man
347	The two teams shake hands after the game .	how many teams shake hands after the game ?	two
348	The man walks towards a group of people dressed in black .	who walks towards the group of people dressed in black ?	man
348	The man walks towards a group of people dressed in black .	what is the color of the people ?	black
349	A small child is seen climbing on a camel as well as a woman in front of him .	who is seen climbing on the camel as well as a woman in front of him ?	child
350	A man stands the camel up on it 's legs and walks around the area .	who stands the camel up on it 's legs and walks around the area ?	man
350	A man stands the camel up on it 's legs and walks around the area .	what does the man stand up on it 's legs ?	camel
351	The man continues to walk around with the camels while the camera pans to their movements .	who continues to walk around with the camels while the camera pans to their movements ?	man
354	A person is seen in various shots riding around in a canoe and smiling off into the distance .	where is the person seen in various shots riding around and smiling off into the distance . ?	canoe
355	Another person is seen sitting in a canoe and demonstrates how to properly turn around .	where is another person seen sitting . ?	canoe
356	The man continues moving along the water moving his paddle around while the camera captures his movements .	who continues moving along the water moving his paddle around while the camera captures his movements ?	man
358	One man comes close to the camera man and near the crowd for a few moments .	who comes close to the camera man and near the crowd for a few moments ?	man
358	One man comes close to the camera man and near the crowd for a few moments .	how many man comes close to the camera man and near the crowd for a few moments ?	one
360	A man steps to the side on a lawn and begins moving his arms and legs around .	who steps to the side on a lawn and begins moving his arms and legs around ?	man
363	The person in black shirt is playing drums .	what is the person in black shirt playing ?	drums
363	The person in black shirt is playing drums .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
364	The camera zoomed in to the drums as the person continue to play .	what zoomed in to the drums as the person continue to play ?	camera
365	The camera shifted to the view looking down the drums .	what shifted to the view looking down the drums ?	camera
367	Then , another disk slides on the floor to stop inside the triangle .	what does then , slide on the floor to stop inside the triangle ?	disk
368	After , the person throw another disc that stops inside the triangle .	what do after , the person throw ?	disc
370	Paintballs are flying at men in front of a tent .	what are flying at men in front of a tent ?	paintballs
373	Paintballs come out of a man 's mouth .	what come out of the man 's mouth ?	paintballs
377	A man is playing cymbals under a bright light on a stage .	who is playing cymbals under a bright light on a stage ?	man
377	A man is playing cymbals under a bright light on a stage .	what is the man playing under a bright light on a stage ?	cymbals
382	The matador is being hit by the bull , while other matadors try to distract the bull .	who is being hit by the bull , while other matadors try to distract the bull ?	matador
383	A woman blindfolded in a yard and swinging away at a pinata being moved around .	who blindfolded in the yard and swinging away at a pinata being moved around ?	woman
384	Several people around her are watches and ca n't help but laugh .	several people around her are what but laugh ?	watches
385	The woman is laughing as well and finally hits the pinata for the children to grab .	who is laughing as well and finally hits the pinata for the children to grab ?	woman
385	The woman is laughing as well and finally hits the pinata for the children to grab .	the woman finally hits what for the children ?	pinata
386	A man is talking to the camera from a parking lot .	who is talking to the camera from a parking lot ?	man
389	A man is standing outside by the sidewalk cutting down a set of hedges .	who is standing outside by the sidewalk cutting down a set of hedges ?	man
392	A man is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	man
394	The man runs down a strip of track and jumps into a pile of sand .	who runs down the strip of track and jumps into a pile of sand ?	man
396	three man are standing in a gym talking to each other .	who are standing in the gym talking to each other ?	man
396	three man are standing in a gym talking to each other .	how many man are standing in the gym talking to each other ?	three
397	men opens the wooden door and enters in the gym and are watching the first men , and they panicked .	what does men open , and they panicked ?	door
399	man is talking to the camera in font of a bricked wall .	who is talking to the camera in font of a bricked wall ?	man
400	A girl is seen talking to the camera with her hand on her hip and leads into her holding up various ingredients .	who is seen talking to the camera with her hand on her hip and leads into her holding up various ingredients ?	girl
401	She then mixes the ingredients together on a slice of bread and creates a sandwich while pouring chips out onto the side .	what does she then mix together on a slice of bread ?	ingredients
401	She then mixes the ingredients together on a slice of bread and creates a sandwich while pouring chips out onto the side .	what does she then create while pouring chips out onto the side ?	sandwich
402	She then presents the plate while speaking to the camera and holding up various liquids .	what does she then present ?	plate
403	We see two men walking and jumping on jump-stilts .	how many men do we see walking and jumping on jump-stilts ?	two
404	One man jumps down the road , the the other as a man photographs them .	who jumps down the road , the the other as a man photographs them ?	man
404	One man jumps down the road , the the other as a man photographs them .	how many man jumps down the road ?	one
406	Four bikes ride past the men .	what ride past the men ?	bicycles
406	Four bikes ride past the men .	how many bikes ride past the men ?	four
407	A boy surfs in a big wave .	who surfs in the big wave ?	boy
409	Suddenly , a boy stands an surf below the wave .	who does suddenly , stand an surf below the wave ?	boy
410	Men stand in the beach holding surfboards .	where do men stand . ?	surfboards
411	A boy jumps on a trampoline while catching a stuffed doll on his shoulders in the air .	who jumps on the trampoline while catching a stuffed doll on his shoulders in the air ?	boy
412	The boy falls back and lands on his back on the trampoline .	who falls back and lands on his back on the trampoline ?	boy
413	The boy jumps and catches the doll and slams it between his legs on the trampoline .	who jumps and catches the doll and slams it between his legs on the trampoline ?	boy
414	The boy misses trying to catch the doll and falls on the trampoline .	who misses trying to catch the doll and falls on the trampoline ?	boy
415	Two people are seen speaking to one another while standing on the docks as well as speak to the camera .	how many people are seen speaking to one another while standing on the docks as well as speak to the camera ?	two
416	The people enjoy themselves around the are by getting their hair cut , eating food , and the man preparing a boat .	who do the people enjoy themselves , and preparing a boat ?	man
416	The people enjoy themselves around the are by getting their hair cut , eating food , and the man preparing a boat .	what do the people enjoy themselves , and the man preparing ?	boat
419	A person is braiding a client 's hair .	who is the person braiding hair ?	client
421	A person is applying rods to braids .	what is the person applying to braids ?	rods
424	A client is leaving after braids are done .	who is leaving after braids are done ?	client
426	A woman stand with athletic jacket in a grass covered and forested yard .	who stand with athletic jacket in a grass covered and forested yard ?	woman
427	The woman enters an open workshop area .	who enters an open workshop area ?	woman
429	The woman uses an an ax to split the logs in half .	who uses an an ax to split the logs in half ?	woman
430	Cars are driving down the highway fairly quickly .	what are driving down the highway fairly quickly ?	cars
432	They go into a bar and throw a ball into a girls drink starting a beer pong war .	what do they throw into a girls drink starting a beer pong war ?	ball
433	He wakes up in his dorm and then click on his ipad to start a beer pong championship .	where does he wake up . ?	dorm
434	A young lady with a grey jacket on is standing in front of a sink lathering her hands .	what is the color of the jacket ?	gray
436	After that is done , she grabs a white towel , dries her hands and wipes her mouth .	what does , she grab ?	towel
436	After that is done , she grabs a white towel , dries her hands and wipes her mouth .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
437	Several percussionists stand on a field .	who stand on the field ?	percussionists
440	A woman walks by with a video camera .	who walks by with the video camera ?	woman
442	She then puts eyeliner on followed by mascara and lip liner .	what does she then put on followed by mascara and lip liner ?	eyeliner
445	The man looks at the camera and then goes back to looking somewhere else and talking .	who looks at the camera and then goes back to looking somewhere else and talking ?	man
447	Then , a skateboarder opens his arms and signal others to advance .	who does then , open his arms and signal others to advance ?	skateboarder
448	Then , the skateboarders pass on front spectators watching on side the road .	who do then , pass on front spectators watching on side the road ?	skateboarders
450	A skateboarder fells on the road .	who fells on the road ?	skateboarder
451	People continues skateboarding in the road .	where does people continue skateboarding . ?	road
455	A young man is rappelling up the side of a cliff .	who is rappelling up the side of a cliff ?	man
456	Another man watches and helps from below .	who watches and helps from below ?	man
457	The man continues climbing until he reaches the top .	who continues climbing until he reaches the top ?	man
458	People are playing cricket together outside .	what are people playing together outside ?	cricket
461	A woman is standing by a toilet in a bikini .	who is standing by the toilet in a bikini ?	woman
462	A man is rubbing sunscreen onto her legs .	who is rubbing sunscreen onto her legs ?	man
462	A man is rubbing sunscreen onto her legs .	what is the man rubbing onto her legs ?	sunscreen
464	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects ?	woman
467	man wearing a purple shirt is holding a gas pipe .	who is wearing a purple shirt is holding a gas pipe ?	man
467	man wearing a purple shirt is holding a gas pipe .	man wearing what is holding a gas pipe ?	shirt
467	man wearing a purple shirt is holding a gas pipe .	what is man wearing a purple shirt is holding ?	pipe
467	man wearing a purple shirt is holding a gas pipe .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
468	the man is using the pipe to light up the woodfire .	who is using the pipe to light up the woodfire ?	man
468	the man is using the pipe to light up the woodfire .	what is the man using ?	pipe
469	man is standing outside a house lighting up a woodfire .	who is standing outside the house lighting up a woodfire ?	man
470	A man is seen standing in a field with a dog while holding onto toys .	who is seen standing in the field with a dog while holding onto toys ?	man
471	The man then begins throwing the toys while the dog chases after them .	who then begins throwing the toys while the dog chases after them ?	man
473	An older blonde newswoman is reading a story .	who is reading the story ?	newswoman
474	Various pictures are shown of shuffleboard history .	what are shown of shuffleboard history ?	pictures
475	An older man is interviewed for the camera .	who is interviewed for the camera ?	man
477	The older blonde reporter ends the news story .	who ends the news story ?	reporter
483	A pair of hands is seen yielding a metal tool over a yellow walled tire lying on a flat surface .	what is the color of the tire ?	yellow
485	The hand then uses a metal , black , tool to insert a new valve into the tire .	what is the color of the tool ?	black
491	A man is sitting on a black mat in a gym .	who is sitting on the black mat in a gym ?	man
491	A man is sitting on a black mat in a gym .	what is the color of the mat ?	black
494	A camera pans around a shirtless man sitting in the snow followed by the man snowboarding and men riding up a hill .	what pans around the shirtless man sitting in the snow followed by the man snowboarding and men riding up a hill ?	camera
496	A caveman is seen walking a purple rock .	who is seen walking the purple rock ?	caveman
496	A caveman is seen walking a purple rock .	what is the color of the rock ?	purple
497	He runs into a big dog and the dog eats the caveman .	what does he run into a big dog and eats the caveman ?	dog
497	He runs into a big dog and the dog eats the caveman .	who does he run into a big dog and the dog eats ?	caveman
498	A God walks a poodle .	what does the god walk ?	poodle
499	A cowboy walks his dog and is shot outside a saloon .	who walks his dog and is shot outside a saloon ?	cowboy
499	A cowboy walks his dog and is shot outside a saloon .	what does the cowboy walk ?	dog
501	A hippie dog lies down on the floor and seems to be hallucinating .	what lies down on the floor and seems to be hallucinating ?	dog
503	A man wearing a black clothes is sharpening the knife on a stone .	who is wearing a black clothes is sharpening the knife on a stone ?	man
503	A man wearing a black clothes is sharpening the knife on a stone .	the man wearing what is sharpening the knife on a stone ?	clothes
503	A man wearing a black clothes is sharpening the knife on a stone .	what is the color of the clothes ?	black
504	The man beside him on blue long sleeves drawing something on the table with his finger .	who beside him on blue long sleeves drawing something on the table with his finger ?	man
504	The man beside him on blue long sleeves drawing something on the table with his finger .	what is the color of the sleeves ?	blue
505	The man turn the knife to sharpen the other side and then wipe it with paper towel .	who turn the knife to sharpen the other side and then wipe it with paper towel ?	man
506	The man in navy blue shirt point to the knife while the man sharpening the knife tries to sharpen it one hand .	how many hand do the man in navy blue shirt point to the knife while the man sharpening the knife tries to sharpen it ?	one
506	The man in navy blue shirt point to the knife while the man sharpening the knife tries to sharpen it one hand .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
509	A camera pans around a snowy area and transitions into several people in tubes down a hill .	what pans around the snowy area and transitions into several people in tubes down a hill ?	camera
510	The people laugh while riding down the hill when one person falls off and the camera pans around the people .	the people laugh while riding down the hill when how many person falls off and the camera pans around the people ?	one
511	The camera shows one more shot of the people all riding down the long hill together .	what shows one more shot of the people all riding down the long hill together ?	camera
511	The camera shows one more shot of the people all riding down the long hill together .	how many more shot does the camera show of the people all riding down the long hill together ?	one
512	A man is sitting on a frozen lake , fishing through a hole and surrounded by fishing gear .	who is sitting on the frozen lake , fishing through a hole and surrounded by fishing gear ?	man
513	He walks away from his stuff , and a fish pulls his pole into the water , disappearing with it .	what does he walk away from his stuff , and pulls his pole into the water , disappearing with it ?	fish
513	He walks away from his stuff , and a fish pulls his pole into the water , disappearing with it .	what does he walk away from his stuff , and a fish pulls into the water , ?	pole
515	A man runs up to a beam and jumps over it several times .	who runs up to the beam and jumps over it several times ?	man
517	This woman is showing her viewers how to make a Chambord Royale .	who is showing her viewers how to make a chambord royale ?	woman
518	Next she shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup .	what did next she strain into the cocktail cup ?	drink
520	He then mixes an egg and milk together and puts the sandwich into the mix .	what does he put into the mix ?	sandwich
528	A man in a red shirt is sitting at an exercise bike .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
530	There are other bikes next to him .	what are there next to him ?	bicycles
531	A man is seen kneeling on the floor swinging his arms back and fourth .	who is seen kneeling on the floor swinging his arms back and fourth ?	man
533	The man continues to swing his arms and ends with credits rolling .	who continues to swing his arms and ends with credits rolling ?	man
536	More ingredients are mixed afterwards that leads into more wiping down with the rag .	what are mixed afterwards that leads into more wiping down with the rag ?	ingredients
537	A girl is pushing two little boys on a backyard swing .	who is pushing two little boys on a backyard swing ?	girl
537	A girl is pushing two little boys on a backyard swing .	how many little boys is the girl pushing on a backyard swing ?	two
540	The man continues playing as the women speaks to the crowd and sings while they play .	who continues playing as the women speaks to the crowd and sings while they play ?	man
542	A girl wraps the rope around her saddle while others practice on placed saddles .	who wraps the rope around her saddle while others practice on placed saddles ?	girl
542	A girl wraps the rope around her saddle while others practice on placed saddles .	what does the girl wrap around her saddle ?	rope
544	A tourist is being interviewed on riding experience but she watched other riding and felt confident .	who is being interviewed on riding experience but she watched other riding and felt confident ?	tourist
546	A man swings his leg in the air creating letters and we see an opening screen .	who swings his leg in the air creating letters and we see an opening screen ?	man
546	A man swings his leg in the air creating letters and we see an opening screen .	what does the man swing his leg in the air creating letters and we see ?	screen
547	two men are in two different rooms performing Capoeira moves .	how many men are in two different rooms performing capoeira moves ?	two
548	A man does a handstand move .	who does the handstand move ?	man
549	The man does a handstand and pauses .	who does the handstand and pauses ?	man
550	We see the website on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
551	We see four screens with images of men doing Capoeira .	what do we see with images of men doing capoeira ?	screens
551	We see four screens with images of men doing Capoeira .	how many screens do we see with images of men doing capoeira ?	four
553	They wear braces so they make sure to scrub all around very well .	what do they wear ?	braces
555	The man continues to brush , toothpaste spewing down his lips a bit .	who continues to brush , toothpaste spewing down his lips a bit ?	man
556	A person sprays a sink and wipes it with a towel .	what does the person spray ?	sink
558	They spray a toilet and wipe it with a toilet .	what does they spray ?	toilet
560	There a young man wearing a red hat talking about a skateboarding event at Red Bull skate Arcade .	who is there wearing a red hat talking about a skateboarding event at red bull skate arcade ?	man
560	There a young man wearing a red hat talking about a skateboarding event at Red Bull skate Arcade .	there the young man wearing what talking about a skateboarding event at red bull skate arcade ?	hat
560	There a young man wearing a red hat talking about a skateboarding event at Red Bull skate Arcade .	what is the color of the hat ?	red
561	Several spectators are gathered in the arcade along with a panel of judges .	who are gathered in the arcade along with a panel of judges ?	spectators
563	The participants begin their stunts on the skateboards as they go over ramps and steep slopes .	who begin their stunts on the skateboards as they go over ramps and steep slopes ?	participants
564	Several participants are showing off their stunts as spectators cheer and clap for them .	who are showing off their stunts as spectators cheer and clap for them ?	participants
567	The winners are awarded certificates and prizes for winning .	who are awarded certificates and prizes for winning ?	winners
569	The dog catches the Frisbee and brings it back to the trainer .	what catches the frisbee and brings it back to the trainer ?	dog
570	There is a woman representing Jamaica participating on a long jump event .	who is there representing jamaica participating on a long jump event ?	woman
571	There is another woman doing long jump from another country .	who is there doing long jump from another country ?	woman
572	Several other contestant are participating in the same long jump competition .	who are participating in the same long jump competition ?	contestant
573	There are spectators watching them as they compete against each other .	who are there watching them as they compete against each other ?	spectators
575	The contestants continue competing in the sporting event .	who continue competing in the sporting event ?	contestants
576	A man is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment with a trainer standing in front of him .	who is seen sitting on the piece of exercise equipment with a trainer standing in front of him ?	man
577	The man then moves back and fourth on the machine while the other man helps .	who then moves back and fourth on the machine while the other man helps ?	man
579	A man travels to Japan to study how to be a sumo wrestler .	who travels to japan to study how to be a sumo wrestler ?	man
580	The man gets training and learns the techniques of sumo .	who gets training and learns the techniques of sumo ?	man
581	In the beginning the man is shown tricking the bull .	who is in the beginning shown tricking the bull ?	man
583	A young male gymnast is is an arena standing on a mat preparing to do his routine .	who is is an arena standing on a mat preparing to do his routine ?	gymnast
584	The boy then approached the bars and does a series of swings and hand stand in the air .	who then approached the bars and does a series of swings and hand stand in the air ?	boy
584	The boy then approached the bars and does a series of swings and hand stand in the air .	what did the boy then approach ?	bars
588	the man on the right serves and the man on the left hits it back but it hits the net .	what does the man on the right serve and the man on the left hits it back but it hits ?	net
589	A man stands on the left watching .	who stands on the left watching ?	man
590	A man puts plaster on a base .	who puts plaster on a base ?	man
591	The man walks over and rubs it on the ceiling .	who walks over and rubs it on the ceiling ?	man
592	We see the stilts the man is walking on .	what do we see ?	stilts
593	The camera becomes wobbly and blurry .	what becomes wobbly and blurry ?	camera
594	The man bends down to grab more plaster .	who bends down to grab more plaster ?	man
595	The man smiles and the video ends .	who smiles and the video ends ?	man
596	There is a man nodding in the first frame .	who is there nodding in the first frame ?	man
597	The video movies to the man putting up the wall paper by first measuring it out , lining up the pattern and putting it up on the wall .	what are the video movies to the man putting up by first measuring it out , lining up the pattern and putting it up on the wall ?	paper
598	The camera shows wall paper in a finished room , going over different rooms with different wall papers .	what shows wall paper in a finished room , going over different rooms with different wall papers ?	camera
598	The camera shows wall paper in a finished room , going over different rooms with different wall papers .	where does the camera show wall paper , going over different rooms with different wall papers . ?	room
599	The man is later seen measuring and marking the wall , rolling out more wall paper and putting it up on the wall .	who is later seen measuring and marking the wall , rolling out more wall paper and putting it up on the wall ?	man
600	Then it shows two tables that look like they have also been wall papered .	how many tables does then it show that look like they have also been wall papered ?	two
602	As they are in line , one girl is in the middle of a game of hop scotch , turns around , finishes and gets back in line .	, who is in the middle of a game of hop scotch , turns around , finishes and gets back in line ?	girl
602	As they are in line , one girl is in the middle of a game of hop scotch , turns around , finishes and gets back in line .	how many girl are as they in line , is in the middle of a game of hop scotch , turns around , finishes and gets back in line ?	one
605	The dog is seen in several clips chasing after a frisbee .	what is seen in several clips chasing after a frisbee ?	dog
606	A man throws the frisbee to the dog in the yard who continues chasing after him .	who throws the frisbee to the dog in the yard who continues chasing after him ?	man
606	A man throws the frisbee to the dog in the yard who continues chasing after him .	what does the man throw to the dog in the yard who continues chasing after him ?	frisbee
608	A guy touches the back of the individual as he lifts his body .	who touches the back of the individual as he lifts his body ?	guy
609	The guy seems like he falls backs while trying to lift his body because the clip is reversed .	who seems like he falls backs while trying to lift his body because the clip is reversed ?	guy
611	A camera pans up to a person standing in a kitchen and then dancing on the floor .	what pans up to the person standing in a kitchen and then dancing on the floor ?	camera
612	The man continues to dance around while looking to the camera and singing .	who continues to dance around while looking to the camera and singing ?	man
614	The girls continue cheering around the stage while lifting one another up and performing tricks and pans to the audience in the end .	who continue cheering around the stage while lifting one another up and performing tricks and pans to the audience in the end ?	girls
615	A woman is seated in a chair in a dining room .	who is seated in the chair in a dining room ?	woman
618	Two kids are climbing a rock wall .	who are climbing the rock wall ?	kids
618	Two kids are climbing a rock wall .	what are two kids climbing ?	wall
618	Two kids are climbing a rock wall .	how many kids are climbing the rock wall ?	two
619	The adults are guiding the lines .	who are guiding the lines ?	adults
620	The kids continue to climb .	who continue to climb ?	kids
624	A woman works out sitting on a cardio machine .	who works out sitting on the cardio machine ?	woman
625	A man sits next a woman performing cardio workouts .	who sits next the woman performing cardio workouts ?	man
626	A girl is playing hopscotch on a sidewalk .	who is playing hopscotch on a sidewalk ?	girl
628	Another girl throws a puck onto the sidewalk and starts to play hopscotch .	who throws the puck onto the sidewalk and starts to play hopscotch ?	girl
628	Another girl throws a puck onto the sidewalk and starts to play hopscotch .	who does another girl throw onto the sidewalk ?	puck
629	A person solves a cube puzzle flipping the pieces around .	what does the person solve flipping the pieces around ?	puzzle
629	A person solves a cube puzzle flipping the pieces around .	the person solves a cube puzzle flipping what around ?	pieces
630	The person solves the puzzle and show a chronometer .	what do the person show ?	chronometer
631	Two young children are seen riding on a camel past a group of people and a man leading them along .	who are seen riding on the camel past a group of people and a man leading them along ?	children
631	Two young children are seen riding on a camel past a group of people and a man leading them along .	how many young children are seen riding on the camel past a group of people and a man leading them along ?	two
632	The man continues to lead the camel around with the children on top and ends with them climbing down and others walking up .	who continues to lead the camel around with the children on top and ends with them climbing down and others walking up ?	man
633	Young children are seen jumping on a mat back and fourth while two older women watch them on the side .	who are seen jumping on the mat back and fourth while two older women watch them on the side ?	children
633	Young children are seen jumping on a mat back and fourth while two older women watch them on the side .	how many older women are young children seen jumping on a mat back and fourth while watch them on the side ?	two
634	The boy then takes a big leap and the girl stands in front of him .	who then takes the big leap and the girl stands in front of him ?	boy
635	A man walks up to a snow scoop .	who walks up to the snow scoop ?	man
636	The man shovels the snow on a roof while the cameraman talks .	who shovels the snow on a roof while the cameraman talks ?	man
637	The man stops scooping the snow .	who stops scooping the snow ?	man
639	A guy stands next to horses with a clipboard .	who stands next to horses with a clipboard ?	guy
640	A guy walks under a horse fence .	who walks under the horse fence ?	guy
641	A person leads a horse .	what does the person lead ?	horse
642	The guy gets on top of the horse .	who gets on top of the horse ?	guy
643	The guy pats the horse and goes horseback riding .	who pats the horse and goes horseback riding ?	guy
643	The guy pats the horse and goes horseback riding .	what does the guy pat ?	horse
644	People go horseback riding down a trail .	what do people go riding down a trail ?	horseback
647	A woman in a blue coat is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the coat ?	blue
650	The man mounts the pommel horse .	who mounts the pommel horse ?	man
650	The man mounts the pommel horse .	what does the man mount ?	horse
651	The man does a handstand and throws his open legs over the pommel .	who does the handstand and throws his open legs over the pommel ?	man
652	The man spins around on the pommel horse .	who spins around on the pommel horse ?	man
653	The man does a handstand and dismounts .	who does the handstand and dismounts ?	man
654	The man raises his arms and walks away .	who raises his arms and walks away ?	man
655	The man shakes another man 's hand .	who shakes another man 's hand ?	man
655	The man shakes another man 's hand .	who does the man shake hand ?	man
658	They hit the ball back and forth , trying to keep it from each other .	what did they hit back and forth , ?	ball
659	A woman is seen kneeling on the floor and pulling onto a piece of exercise equipment .	who is seen kneeling on the floor and pulling onto a piece of exercise equipment ?	woman
660	The woman begins turning her body with the equipment while speaking to the camera .	who begins turning her body with the equipment while speaking to the camera ?	woman
665	man is standing in front of a motorbike and puts a toilet lid in the black leathe seat .	who is standing in front of a motorbike and puts a toilet lid in the black leathe seat ?	man
665	man is standing in front of a motorbike and puts a toilet lid in the black leathe seat .	what does man put in the black leathe seat ?	lid
665	man is standing in front of a motorbike and puts a toilet lid in the black leathe seat .	what is the color of the seat ?	black
666	the man is driving the motorbike thorugh the street and a dog is running next to him .	who is driving the motorbike thorugh the street and a dog is running next to him ?	man
666	the man is driving the motorbike thorugh the street and a dog is running next to him .	what is the man driving ?	motorcycle
667	the man opens the motorbike trunk and close it .	who opens the motorbike trunk and close it ?	man
667	the man opens the motorbike trunk and close it .	what does the man open ?	trunk
670	The coaches yell to one another while people still play the game .	who yell to one another while people still play the game ?	coaches
671	A little boy is standing eating ice cream .	who is standing eating ice cream ?	boy
674	A girl is sitting on a large chair with two girls beside her and a man tattooing her foot .	who is sitting on the large chair with two girls beside her and a man tattooing her foot ?	girl
675	Another man steps into frame and the girls continue talking to each other while the artist .	who steps into frame and the girls continue talking to each other while the artist ?	man
675	Another man steps into frame and the girls continue talking to each other while the artist .	who does another man step into frame and continue talking to each other while the artist ?	girls
678	The camera zooms in on the drink and fades to black to end the video .	what zooms in on the drink and fades to black to end the video ?	camera
678	The camera zooms in on the drink and fades to black to end the video .	what is the color of the drink ?	black
679	A woman standing outside near a tennis court talking about things .	who is standing outside near a tennis court talking about things ?	woman
681	Her coach does an interview while sitting down with her hands held together .	who does an interview while sitting down with her hands held together ?	coach
682	The girl continues to practice by herself in the studio .	who continues to practice by herself in the studio ?	girl
682	The girl continues to practice by herself in the studio .	where does the girl continue to practice . ?	studio
686	A guy locks his arms around bars above his head .	who locks his arms around bars above his head ?	guy
687	The guy swings his body while holding on to the bars .	who swings his body while holding on to the bars ?	guy
688	The guy flips off the bars and lands on his feet , claps , and begins to leave .	who flips off the bars and lands on his feet , claps , and begins to leave ?	guy
689	A man approaches the guy clapping .	who approaches the guy clapping ?	man
689	A man approaches the guy clapping .	who does the man approach ?	clapping
690	Two gymasts are performing in front of a crowd .	how many gymasts are performing in front of a crowd ?	two
693	The man dismounts , and puts one victorious arm up into the air .	who dismounts , and puts one victorious arm up into the air ?	man
693	The man dismounts , and puts one victorious arm up into the air .	how many victorious arm does the man put up into the air ?	one
694	A hand is holding a shower head close to a dog .	what is the hand holding to a dog ?	close
695	The dog moves around the bathtub as he tries to bite the water being splashed on him .	what moves around the bathtub as he tries to bite the water being splashed on him ?	dog
699	The participants seem very calm and happy as they wave to the camera .	who seem very calm and happy as they wave to the camera ?	participants
706	There 's a man who is mountain climbing on a steep slope .	who does there 's ?	man
707	Another man takes a leap from the top of mountain in an attempt to bungee jump from that height .	who takes the leap from the top of mountain in an attempt to bungee jump from that height ?	man
713	A woman talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	woman
714	A man cleans snow off a car .	who cleans snow off a car ?	man
717	A different woman talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	woman
718	A car drives away from the camera .	what drives away from the camera ?	car
719	Two people talk to the camera .	how many people talk to the camera ?	two
720	A truck drives away from the camera .	what drives away from the camera ?	truck
721	A woman is shown with a paintbrush and a piece of canvas .	who is shown with the paintbrush and a piece of canvas ?	woman
722	She uses green paint to fill in a drawing of a plant .	what does she use ?	paint
722	She uses green paint to fill in a drawing of a plant .	what is the color of the paint ?	green
724	A white male is dressed outside in a Scotland uniform standing outside in the middle of a cemetery .	what is the color of the male ?	white
725	As he is standing , he plays the bag pipes with the American Flag hanging down from them .	what does , he play with the american flag hanging down from them ?	pipes
729	The coupe hold on and then jump off the side while the others stand and watch .	what hold on and then jump off the side while the others stand and watch ?	coupe
730	A little boy doing karate is yelling commands .	who is doing karate is yelling commands ?	boy
732	He is a blue belt being judged for his skills .	what is he being judged for his skills ?	belt
732	He is a blue belt being judged for his skills .	what is the color of the belt ?	blue
733	He bows gracefully before walking off and the judges throw up their flags .	what does he bow gracefully before walking off and the judges throw up ?	flags
736	A woman with blonde hair , a purple jacket and black gloves on is standing near a stable talking .	what is the color of the jacket ?	purple
736	A woman with blonde hair , a purple jacket and black gloves on is standing near a stable talking .	what is the color of the gloves ?	black
737	As she continues talking , her saddle is shown and she begins talking about the specifics of it .	what is , shown and she begins talking about the specifics of it ?	saddle
738	The lady then puts it on the horse and begins rubbing certain parts of it to make sure it is secure .	who then puts it on the horse and begins rubbing certain parts of it to make sure it is secure ?	lady
740	The man is then seen looking closely to the camera .	who is then seen looking closely to the camera ?	man
741	He finally blows smoke rings out of his mouth .	what did he finally blow out of his mouth ?	rings
743	A woman is shown having her hair dried , brushed , and curled by a specialist .	who is shown having her hair dried , brushed , and curled by a specialist ?	woman
749	We see a boy squatting in the dirt .	who do we see squatting in the dirt ?	boy
750	We then see the title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
751	The little boy attempts to make a campfire using a flint .	who attempts to make the campfire using a flint ?	boy
753	The boy stands up next to his fire .	who stands up next to his fire ?	boy
754	We see 2 title cards about starting fires for survival and the website is show before the end screens .	how many title cards do we see about starting fires for survival ?	two
759	The man begins at a profile view holding a paddle while sitting in a canoe and talking to a camera occasionally pointing to a nearby shore with the paddle .	who begins at the profile view holding a paddle while sitting in a canoe and talking to a camera occasionally pointing to a nearby shore with the paddle ?	man
760	The man then uses the paddle in the water to push the canoe off deeper into the water .	who then uses the paddle in the water to push the canoe off deeper into the water ?	man
761	The man is now skating in a road in a residential area where he passes many homes with cars parked on the roads .	who is now skating in the road in a residential area where he passes many homes with cars parked on the roads ?	man
762	The man continues to skate through residential areas , water edges along parks , harbors , cities and etcetera .	who continues to skate through residential areas , water edges along parks , harbors , cities and etcetera ?	man
763	The man ends with a walk along a rocky beach and carrying his skateboard on his right shoulder .	who ends with the walk along a rocky beach and carrying his skateboard on his right shoulder ?	man
763	The man ends with a walk along a rocky beach and carrying his skateboard on his right shoulder .	what does the man end with a walk along a rocky beach and carrying on his right shoulder ?	skateboard
765	The coach talks to the players and they have a practice .	who talks to the players and they have a practice ?	coach
768	Several women play pool at the table in revealing clothing .	who play pool at the table in revealing clothing ?	women
768	Several women play pool at the table in revealing clothing .	what do several women play at the table in revealing clothing ?	pool
770	A young girl is seen standing on a tennis court holding a racket .	who is seen standing on the tennis court holding a racket ?	girl
771	The woman begins swinging the racket while another boy stands beside her .	who begins swinging the racket while another boy stands beside her ?	woman
772	The woman continues swinging and walks back to the boy .	who continues swinging and walks back to the boy ?	woman
773	Several men are playing soccer in a gym .	where are several men playing soccer . ?	gym
778	A couple girls are seen riding down a long slide in the middle of a park .	who are seen riding down the long slide in the middle of a park ?	girls
779	More children ride down the slide while a mother helps the kids at the top .	who ride down the slide while a mother helps the kids at the top ?	children
780	A woman is seen sitting down holding an ice cream while looking at the camera .	who is seen sitting down holding an ice cream while looking at the camera ?	woman
782	A man is seen playing a set of bagpipes while people behind him push around bicycles .	who is seen playing the set of bagpipes while people behind him push around bicycles ?	man
785	A belly dancer dressed in red and black is demonstrating how to hip circles and shimmy .	who dressed in red and black is demonstrating how to hip circles and shimmy ?	dancer
791	A woman body builder slowly lifts a giant barbell of weights up into the air .	who slowly lifts the giant barbell of weights up into the air ?	builder
793	Two men are sitting at a table .	how many men are sitting at the table ?	two
799	A man drives a mowing machine to cut the grass of a backyard .	who drives the mowing machine to cut the grass of a backyard ?	man
799	A man drives a mowing machine to cut the grass of a backyard .	what does the man drive ?	machine
800	The man pass on front the home to continues mowing the other parts of the yard .	who pass on front the home to continues mowing the other parts of the yard ?	man
801	A man is seen standing behind a large animal holding a razor and speaking to the camera .	who is seen standing behind the large animal holding a razor and speaking to the camera ?	man
802	The man then shaves all around the dog while stopping to speak to the camera and pet the dog .	who then shaves all around the dog while stopping to speak to the camera and pet the dog ?	man
803	Two young men are standing indoors , talking to the camera .	how many young men are standing indoors , talking to the camera ?	two
806	A man wearing white starts painting the fence .	who is wearing white starts painting the fence ?	man
807	A person in blue pants is raking some fallen leaves from the ground .	what is the person in blue pants raking from the ground ?	leaves
807	A person in blue pants is raking some fallen leaves from the ground .	what is the color of the pants ?	blue
808	There is a black dog and a white dog jumping around the person raking the leaves .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
808	There is a black dog and a white dog jumping around the person raking the leaves .	what is the color of the dog ?	white
809	The white dog is trying to bite off the rake .	what is trying to bite off the rake ?	dog
809	The white dog is trying to bite off the rake .	what is the color of the dog ?	white
810	Both the dogs are playing around the man raking the leaves , trying to bite the rake .	what are playing around the man raking the leaves , trying to bite the rake ?	dogs
812	A butterfly is flying on the screen with words on slides .	what is flying on the screen with words on slides ?	butterfly
813	A person is mixing ingredients in a bowl .	where is the person mixing ingredients . ?	bowl
814	They spoon the dough onto a cookie sheet .	what do they spoon onto a cookie sheet ?	dough
815	Bakes cookies are shown stacked up on a plate .	what are shown stacked up on the plate ?	cookies
816	A person is seen sitting in a chair and leads into her peeling a potato with a knife .	where is the person seen sitting . ?	chair
819	The person mixes various ingredients into a container of water .	what does the person mix into a container of water ?	ingredients
821	A person 's hand washes a grey cat in a white tub of water .	what is the color of the cat ?	gray
821	A person 's hand washes a grey cat in a white tub of water .	what is the color of the tub ?	white
822	A grey cat is sitting in a white tub of clear water , drenched in water .	what is sitting in the white tub of clear water , drenched in water ?	cat
822	A grey cat is sitting in a white tub of clear water , drenched in water .	what is the color of the cat ?	gray
822	A grey cat is sitting in a white tub of clear water , drenched in water .	what is the color of the tub ?	white
823	A hand with a tattoo appears and wipes the cat 's back with a red cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	red
824	The hand then wipes the cat 's neck and the back of its head with the red cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	red
825	The hand , finally , lets the red cloth fall into the water as the hand holds itself up to the cat 's nose .	what does the hand , finally , let into the water ?	fall
825	The hand , finally , lets the red cloth fall into the water as the hand holds itself up to the cat 's nose .	what is the color of the fall ?	red
826	A girl is standing with her back turned on a court .	who is standing with her back turned on a court ?	girl
830	Hitler then watches a man jump into a pit as well as several other runners after him .	who does hitler then watch into a pit as well as several other runners after him ?	jump
831	More athletes continue jumping while the audience gets riled up and ends with soldiers raising flags up to the sky .	who continue jumping while the audience gets riled up and ends with soldiers raising flags up to the sky ?	athletes
832	A chef shows all the ingredients to do pasta .	who shows all the ingredients to do pasta ?	chef
833	Then , the chef puts the pasta in hot water , then pours oil in a pan .	where does then , the chef put the pasta in hot water , then pours oil . ?	pan
834	Next , the chef adds to the pan the garlic , tomatoes , basil , salt , pepper and the cooked pasta and mix .	who does next , add to the pan the garlic , tomatoes , basil , salt , pepper and the cooked pasta and mix ?	chef
835	After , the chef adds the parmesan cheese on top the pasta and serves in a dish .	after , who adds the parmesan cheese on top the pasta and serves in a dish ?	chef
835	After , the chef adds the parmesan cheese on top the pasta and serves in a dish .	what does after , the chef add on top the pasta ?	cheese
835	After , the chef adds the parmesan cheese on top the pasta and serves in a dish .	where does after , the chef serve . ?	dish
836	The chef put cheese and two green leaves on top the pasta in the dish .	who put cheese and two green leaves on top the pasta in the dish ?	chef
836	The chef put cheese and two green leaves on top the pasta in the dish .	where did the chef put cheese and two green leaves . ?	dish
837	A woman ballerina dressed in a pink skirt and white blouse is standing in pose with her back bent forward and hands on her sides on a stage .	who dressed in a pink skirt and white blouse is standing in pose with her back bent forward and hands on her sides on a stage ?	ballerina
837	A woman ballerina dressed in a pink skirt and white blouse is standing in pose with her back bent forward and hands on her sides on a stage .	what is the color of the blouse ?	white
838	A man in blue jeans and a white shirt walks in and strokes her back with a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the jeans ?	blue
838	A man in blue jeans and a white shirt walks in and strokes her back with a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
838	A man in blue jeans and a white shirt walks in and strokes her back with a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	yellow
839	Then a little girl ballerina comes and bumps into the woman .	who does then come and bumps into the woman ?	ballerina
840	The woman breaks into a dance every time the little girl ballerina taps her .	who breaks into the dance every time the little girl ballerina taps her ?	woman
841	The little girl picks up a pair of wings and tries to put it on her back .	who picks up the pair of wings and tries to put it on her back ?	girl
842	The woman starts doing some ballet moves .	who starts doing some ballet moves ?	woman
844	The woman ballerina twists and twirls on her toes as she dances to music .	who twists and twirls on her toes as she dances to music ?	ballerina
845	The crowd applauds and the man in the white shirt and blue jeans lifts her up and walks off the stage .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
845	The crowd applauds and the man in the white shirt and blue jeans lifts her up and walks off the stage .	what is the color of the jeans ?	blue
846	man is running in a race track and make a long jump while people in stands is watching him an clapping .	who is running in the race track and make a long jump while people in stands is watching him an clapping ?	man
848	A woman is seen sitting behind a set of bongo drums and playing along while speaking to the camera .	who is seen sitting behind the set of bongo drums and playing along while speaking to the camera ?	woman
849	The woman continues hitting the drums while speaking to the camera and singing along .	who continues hitting the drums while speaking to the camera and singing along ?	woman
850	A woman is lying on a bed with her hair spread .	who is lying on the bed with her hair spread ?	woman
853	A man in a red coat is outside on a snowboard .	what is the color of the coat ?	red
857	woman is standing talking to the camera holding a microphone and interviewing voleyball players .	who is standing talking to the camera holding a microphone and interviewing voleyball players ?	woman
860	woman is sin front of the net talking to the camera .	who is sin front of the net talking to the camera ?	woman
863	A black female is talking to the screen with long blonde curly hair and a black sweater .	what is the color of the female ?	black
863	A black female is talking to the screen with long blonde curly hair and a black sweater .	what is the color of the sweater ?	black
864	A blow dryer is shown and the lady then begins drying a girl 's hair .	what is blow shown and the lady then begins drying a girl 's hair ?	dryer
864	A blow dryer is shown and the lady then begins drying a girl 's hair .	who is the blow dryer shown and then begins drying a girl 's hair ?	lady
865	The girls hair is then shown extremely curly and the young lady has trouble drying her hair .	who is then shown extremely curly and the young lady has trouble drying her hair ?	hair
866	The Red by Kiss blow dryer is shown again and the lady continues drying the young lady 's hair .	who is the red by kiss blow dryer shown again and continues drying the young lady 's hair ?	lady
867	man is putting the lifts on a pole .	who is putting the lifts on a pole ?	man
868	man is standing in middle of a room in a gym lifting weight .	who is standing in middle of a room in a gym lifting weight ?	man
869	a lot of different lifts are stacked in the gym .	where are the lot of different lifts stacked . ?	gym
871	The man runs around using strings as well as speaking to the camera .	who runs around using strings as well as speaking to the camera ?	man
872	The man continues speaking while more shots are shown of him running .	who continues speaking while more shots are shown of him running ?	man
876	A man talks about a bow he is using in front of an open field .	who talks about the bow he is using in front of an open field ?	man
877	The man shows how to use the bow by hitting a target in the field .	who shows how to use the bow by hitting a target in the field ?	man
878	Several vehicles drive down a road behind the field .	what drive down the road behind the field ?	vehicles
879	Cows graze behind the road .	what graze behind the road ?	cows
880	The man hits his last target and walks away .	who hits his last target and walks away ?	man
881	A male bartender stands behind a bar in front of drinks and mixing cups .	who stands behind the bar in front of drinks and mixing cups ?	bartender
882	The man picks up a steel sup and pours its contents of ice into a glass he holds in opposite hand .	who picks up the steel sup and pours its contents of ice into a glass he holds in opposite hand ?	man
882	The man picks up a steel sup and pours its contents of ice into a glass he holds in opposite hand .	what does the man pick up he holds in opposite hand ?	sup
883	The man then picks up a small steel shot glass and fills it with liquir .	who then picks up the small steel shot glass and fills it with liquir ?	man
884	The man then pours the liquir into from the shot glass into the glass cup with ice .	who then pours the liquir into from the shot glass into the glass cup with ice ?	man
885	The man picks up another glass with red juice inside and pours it into the glass with ice before setting back down .	who picks up another glass with red juice inside and pours it into the glass with ice before setting back down ?	man
885	The man picks up another glass with red juice inside and pours it into the glass with ice before setting back down .	what is the color of the inside ?	red
886	The man pours the cup with all the liquids into a mixing cup then uses it to cap and shake the mixer .	who pours the cup with all the liquids into a mixing cup then uses it to cap and shake the mixer ?	man
887	The man stops shaking and sepperates the two cups , setting them back on the counter .	who stops shaking and sepperates the two cups , setting them back on the counter ?	man
887	The man stops shaking and sepperates the two cups , setting them back on the counter .	what does the man sepperates ?	cups
887	The man stops shaking and sepperates the two cups , setting them back on the counter .	how many cups does the man sepperates ?	two
888	The man grabs a third empty glass and moves it to the opposite side of the counter .	who grabs the third empty glass and moves it to the opposite side of the counter ?	man
889	The man picks up the mixer and pours its contents into the empty glass before setting it back down .	who picks up the mixer and pours its contents into the empty glass before setting it back down ?	man
890	The man then adds a staw and miniature umbrella into the drink for decoration before holding up the glass .	who then adds the staw and miniature umbrella into the drink for decoration before holding up the glass ?	man
891	A woman lifts up a cat from the table and sits down with it in her lap .	who lifts up the cat from the table and sits down with it in her lap ?	woman
892	The woman uses trimming scissors to cut the cats claws .	who uses trimming scissors to cut the cats claws ?	woman
893	An unseen person navigates several Amazon dot com pages on exercise equipment .	what does an unseen person navigate on exercise equipment ?	pages
894	A woman is spreading shaving cream on another woman 's legs .	who is spreading shaving cream on another woman 's legs ?	woman
897	The video is very unsteady , but the woman continues to shave her friends leg .	who is the video very unsteady , but continues to shave her friends leg ?	woman
898	A pinata hangs from a tree , as a group of girls stand in front of it .	what hangs from the tree , as a group of girls stand in front of it ?	pinata
900	She hits the pinata , then walks away .	what does she hit , then walks away ?	pinata
901	A woman in a pink shirt is riding a cycle bike .	what is the woman in a pink shirt riding ?	bicycle
904	a man is seated , talking to a talk show host .	who is seated , talking to the talk show host ?	man
906	They continue talking , then the host presents the man with a gift .	who do they continue , then presents the man with a gift ?	host
907	A man is sitting inside on a chair inhaling from a pipe that looked like it was an oboe .	who is sitting inside on the chair inhaling from a pipe that looked like it was an oboe ?	man
909	He starts to blow his smoke in a container and makes some really cool circles i have never seen anything like it .	what does he make ?	circles
909	He starts to blow his smoke in a container and makes some really cool circles i have never seen anything like it .	where does he start to blow his smoke . ?	container
911	A man stands at the front of his minivan and shows it .	who stands at the front of his minivan and shows it ?	man
912	The man leans on the tailgate of his van and shows storage cargo features inside .	who leans on the tailgate of his van and shows storage cargo features inside ?	man
912	The man leans on the tailgate of his van and shows storage cargo features inside .	what does the man show storage inside ?	features
913	The man assembles together poles .	who assembles together poles ?	man
913	The man assembles together poles .	what does the man assemble together ?	poles
914	The man sits in the drivers seat of the van and places the rod frame into a socket and twists it around .	who sits in the drivers seat of the van and places the rod frame into a socket and twists it around ?	man
914	The man sits in the drivers seat of the van and places the rod frame into a socket and twists it around .	the man places what into a socket and twists it around ?	frame
915	The man adjusts the rod and reaches under the van to remove a spare tire .	who adjusts the rod and reaches under the van to remove a spare tire ?	man
915	The man adjusts the rod and reaches under the van to remove a spare tire .	what does the man adjust ?	rod
916	The man removes the spare tire from its enclosure .	who removes the spare tire from its enclosure ?	man
916	The man removes the spare tire from its enclosure .	what does the man remove from its enclosure ?	tire
917	The man works on installing the new tire .	who works on installing the new tire ?	man
918	There are two teenage boys playing and solving the Rubic 's cube .	who are there playing and solving the rubic 's cube ?	boys
918	There are two teenage boys playing and solving the Rubic 's cube .	there are two teenage boys playing and solving what ?	cube
918	There are two teenage boys playing and solving the Rubic 's cube .	how many teenage boys are there playing and solving the rubic 's cube ?	two
919	Another small boy comes in there and takes a look at the camera .	who comes in there and takes a look at the camera ?	boy
920	The teenagers are competing against each other to solve the cube .	who are competing against each other to solve the cube ?	teenagers
921	They both finish almost at the same time and solve the Rubic 's cube .	what do they both solve ?	cube
922	They proudly show off their skills in the camera .	where do they proudly show off their skills . ?	camera
924	She shows the ingredients required for the drink .	what does she show required for the drink ?	ingredients
928	She uses a strainer to strain the drink into a cocktail glass and places the glass on the table .	what does she use ?	strainer
930	There 's a model whose face is completely lathered with shaving gel and he is using a blue razor to shave his face .	what does there 's a model and he is using ?	razor
930	There 's a model whose face is completely lathered with shaving gel and he is using a blue razor to shave his face .	what is the color of the razor ?	blue
932	He is also shaving his face with a blue razor .	what is the color of the razor ?	blue
946	The person is playing the drums .	what is the person playing ?	drums
950	A woman holds a yellow ball behind her neck .	who holds the yellow ball behind her neck ?	woman
950	A woman holds a yellow ball behind her neck .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
951	She turns around and launches the ball onto a field .	what does she launch onto a field ?	ball
953	A man in a red shirt holds a ball behind his neck .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
954	He turns around and launches the ball on the field .	what does he launch on the field ?	ball
956	Another woman holds a ball behind her neck .	who holds the ball behind her neck ?	woman
957	She also turns around and launches the ball onto the field .	what does she launch onto the field ?	ball
960	She then throws the ball again .	what does she then throw again ?	ball
967	The man wins and smiles .	who wins and smiles ?	man
969	A man is shaving with a straight razor .	who is shaving with the straight razor ?	man
971	The man returns to shaving his face .	who returns to shaving his face ?	man
973	The shaving man talks and we see the ending title screens .	who talks and we see the ending title screens ?	man
975	The woman puts the package into her mouth , swishes it around , then spits it out .	who puts the package into her mouth , swishes it around , then spits it out ?	woman
976	A man is seen standing on stage holding an instruments in his hands .	who is seen standing on stage holding an instruments in his hands ?	man
977	He then picks up the instrument and begins playing on stage .	what does he then pick up ?	instrument
978	The man continues to play and ends looking away .	who continues to play and ends looking away ?	man
981	The outro goes to gray and then fade to black .	what is the color of the outro ?	black
985	A female news anchor introduces a story .	what introduces the story ?	anchor
986	A female news reporter speaks to a fitness instructor inside a gym , where cyclists are riding fitness bikes .	who speaks to the fitness instructor inside a gym , where cyclists are riding fitness bikes ?	reporter
988	The female news reporter continues talking to the fitness instructor .	who continues talking to the fitness instructor ?	reporter
990	A child is seen handing onto a set of monkey bars while children running around .	who is seen handing onto the set of monkey bars while children running around ?	child
991	The girl then begins climbing across the set of monkey bars .	who then begins climbing across the set of monkey bars ?	girl
995	The person puts a new tire on and screws it in place while taking off the jack and putting the hubcap back on .	what does the person put on ?	tire
996	The opening credits are shown for a video about bowling .	what are shown for the video about bowling ?	credits
997	The video then shows several bowlers doing bowling tricks at a bowling alley .	who does the video then show doing bowling tricks at a bowling alley ?	bowlers
999	A man throws the ball and simultaneously throws himself down the alley as well .	who throws the ball and simultaneously throws himself down the alley as well ?	man
999	A man throws the ball and simultaneously throws himself down the alley as well .	what does the man throw ?	ball
1001	A small child paints another individual 's fingernails .	who paints another individual 's fingernails ?	child
1003	A man mounts a beam in front of a crowd .	who mounts the beam in front of a crowd ?	man
1004	The gymnast begins to drop , lift , hold , and spin in circles on the high beams for the crowd .	who begins to drop , lift , hold , and spin in circles on the high beams for the crowd ?	gymnast
1006	Several young people , talk and laugh while standing around a table covered in beer cans and blue plastic cups .	what is the color of the cups ?	blue
1007	A young man stands around a table in a room talking to two two women and some more men , occasionally laughing and smiling .	who stands around the table in a room talking to two two women and some more men , occasionally laughing and smiling ?	man
1008	A small white balls is thrown across the table as the people attempt to throw the balls in the blue cups from across the table .	what is thrown across the table as the people attempt to throw the balls in the blue cups from across the table ?	balls
1008	A small white balls is thrown across the table as the people attempt to throw the balls in the blue cups from across the table .	what is the color of the balls ?	white
1008	A small white balls is thrown across the table as the people attempt to throw the balls in the blue cups from across the table .	what is the color of the cups ?	blue
1009	In the final moments of the clip a ball flies across the table and the men react in a triumphant way throwing their arms in the air in celebration .	what does in the final moments of the clip fly across the table and the men react in a triumphant way throwing their arms in the air in celebration ?	ball
1010	A group of young men poses and goofs around in front of a table full of red cups .	what is the color of the cups ?	red
1011	A young man in black puts two shot glasses down on the table .	what does the young man in black put shot down on the table ?	glasses
1011	A young man in black puts two shot glasses down on the table .	how many shot glasses does the young man in black put down on the table ?	two
1011	A young man in black puts two shot glasses down on the table .	what is the color of the man ?	black
1013	A young man in grey bounces a ball on the table and in to one of the cups and celebrates with the young man next to him .	what does the young man in grey bounce on the table and in to one of the cups ?	ball
1014	A young man in black bounces a ball toward the cups but misses .	what is the color of the man ?	black
1015	Another man holds his hand up next to the cups .	who holds his hand up next to the cups ?	man
1016	The two men that bounced the balls at the cups clink the shot glasses together and then drink the shot .	what do the two men clink shot together ?	glasses
1016	The two men that bounced the balls at the cups clink the shot glasses together and then drink the shot .	how many men that bounced the balls at the cups clink the shot glasses together and then drink the shot ?	two
1017	A young man in black pats the back of the young man in grey .	what is the color of the man ?	black
1018	The young man in grey drinks from one of the red cups on the table while the young man in black pretends to punch him .	what is the color of the drinks ?	gray
1018	The young man in grey drinks from one of the red cups on the table while the young man in black pretends to punch him .	what is the color of the cups ?	red
1018	The young man in grey drinks from one of the red cups on the table while the young man in black pretends to punch him .	what is the color of the pretends ?	black
1019	Another young man rearranges the remaining cups on the table .	who rearranges the remaining cups on the table ?	man
1020	The young man in grey and the young man in black fist bump .	what is the color of the man ?	gray
1020	The young man in grey and the young man in black fist bump .	what is the color of the bump ?	black
1022	The yellow team servies the ball and it is hit continually back and forth until the yellow team scores a point .	what does the yellow team servies and it is hit continually back and forth until the yellow team scores a point ?	ball
1022	The yellow team servies the ball and it is hit continually back and forth until the yellow team scores a point .	what is the color of the team ?	yellow
1022	The yellow team servies the ball and it is hit continually back and forth until the yellow team scores a point .	what is the color of the scores ?	yellow
1023	A player on the yellow team falls and the players on each team assist her .	what is the color of the team ?	yellow
1025	Two people proceed to pick her up with the help of a third and take her off the court and lay her down to the side to continue care .	how many people proceed to pick her up with the help of a third and take her off the court and lay her down to the side to continue care ?	two
1026	A man in a red shirt is working out an an exercise machine .	what is the man in a red shirt working out exercise ?	machine
1026	A man in a red shirt is working out an an exercise machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
1027	A woman in a purple shirt walks behind him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
1028	Two people are talking to each other behind him .	how many people are talking to each other behind him ?	two
1030	Two people are then seen walking up to the circle and lead into a wrestling match between the two .	how many people are then seen walking up to the circle and lead into a wrestling match between the two ?	two
1031	One man bows to the other and the winner walks away from the stage .	how many man bows to the other and the winner walks away from the stage ?	one
1032	A lady is blowing leaves off a roof .	who is blowing leaves off a roof ?	lady
1032	A lady is blowing leaves off a roof .	what is the lady blowing off a roof ?	leaves
1033	the lady walks to the right then towards the top .	who walks to the right then towards the top ?	lady
1034	The camera pans down and we see a small boy on the ground below .	what pans down and we see a small boy on the ground below ?	camera
1035	Two people are shown parasailing together across ocean water .	how many people are shown parasailing together across ocean water ?	two
1036	They move their sails around as they go .	what do they move around ?	sails
1037	Two people are seen riding on skis behind a boat with one person having a child on their shoulders .	how many people are seen riding on skis behind a boat with one person having a child on their shoulders ?	two
1042	We see fifteen nine scroll across the screen .	what do we see across the screen ?	scroll
1042	We see fifteen nine scroll across the screen .	how many scroll do we see across the screen ?	nine
1045	We see seventeen nine scroll across the screen .	what do we see across the screen ?	scroll
1045	We see seventeen nine scroll across the screen .	how many scroll do we see across the screen ?	nine
1047	A man in a toga skates on rollerblades in a parking lot .	where does the man skate on rollerblades in a parking lot . ?	toga
1048	A person holding a camera is standing to the side watching the man on rollerblades .	the person holding what is standing to the side watching the man on rollerblades ?	camera
1049	There 's a man coming out of his garage with an electrical leaf blower .	who does there 's coming out of his garage with an electrical leaf blower ?	man
1052	A scuba diver holds onto a rock as he throws a peace sign in the air .	who holds onto the rock as he throws a peace sign in the air ?	diver
1053	The man lets go of the rock and puts up two peace signs in the air .	who lets go of the rock and puts up two peace signs in the air ?	man
1053	The man lets go of the rock and puts up two peace signs in the air .	how many peace signs does the man put up in the air ?	two
1054	The man fixes his snorkel and goggles .	who fixes his snorkel and goggles ?	man
1054	The man fixes his snorkel and goggles .	what does the man fix ?	snorkel
1055	Blue lights light up a stage .	what is the color of the lights ?	blue
1056	A man 's silhouette is visible and we see the arena in blue light .	who silhouette is visible and we see the arena in blue light ?	man
1056	A man 's silhouette is visible and we see the arena in blue light .	what is the color of the light ?	blue
1057	The man on stage plays lit in a red light .	what is the color of the light ?	red
1060	We see the man on the saxophone playing close and far .	who do we see on the saxophone playing close and far ?	man
1064	The man comes up before the camera , his face showing .	who comes up before the camera , his face showing ?	man
1067	A man uses a tool to repair individual links of a bike chain .	who uses the tool to repair individual links of a bike chain ?	man
1067	A man uses a tool to repair individual links of a bike chain .	what does the man use ?	tool
1068	The bike chain is fastened back together on the bike gears using a specialized tool .	what is fastened back together on the bike gears using a specialized tool ?	chain
1071	A chef is seen speaking to the camera holding up a knife as well as a sharpener .	who is seen speaking to the camera holding up a knife as well as a sharpener ?	chef
1072	The man then sharpens the knife on a board on the table as well as on the sharpener .	who then sharpens the knife on a board on the table as well as on the sharpener ?	man
1072	The man then sharpens the knife on a board on the table as well as on the sharpener .	what does the man then sharpen on a board on the table as well as on the sharpener ?	knife
1073	A blindfolded young woman swings a stick around wildly as a man holds a pinata high above her head on a string at a birthday party .	who swings the stick around wildly as a man holds a pinata high above her head on a string at a birthday party ?	woman
1074	The woman feels for the pinata a few times with the stick , but does not swing as kids continue to look up in amazement .	who feels for the pinata a few times with the stick , but does not swing as kids continue to look up in amazement ?	woman
1076	There are several spectators watching the event .	who are there watching the event ?	spectators
1077	One of the weightlifters successfully lifts the weight bar high up and then drops it down .	one of the weightlifters successfully lifts what up ?	high
1082	As the routine continues , more stunts are performed and the Tiger mascot continues to cheer with the girls .	who are , more stunts performed and continues to cheer with the girls ?	mascot
1084	The man wipes his face with a towel .	who wipes his face with a towel ?	man
1085	The boy wins and the crowd cheers .	who wins and the crowd cheers ?	boy
1088	A women is seen holding a thread of string in her hands and begins knitting the string with her hands .	who is seen holding the thread of string in her hands and begins knitting the string with her hands ?	women
1090	A man sitting in a raft in water talks to the camera .	who is sitting in a raft in water talks to the camera ?	man
1091	The man demonstrates techniques while talking to the camera .	who demonstrates techniques while talking to the camera ?	man
1092	The man rafts downstream while paddling .	who rafts downstream while paddling ?	man
1093	Alexandra Raisman from Massachusetts is seen wearing purple leotards , getting ready to do gymnastics on the horse bar .	what is the color of the leotards ?	purple
1097	She does a final back flip and a front flip and then , gets off the horse bar .	what does she do a final back flip and a front flip and then , gets off ?	bar
1098	The spectators cheer for her as she walks away .	who cheer for her as she walks away ?	spectators
1099	A man is seen bending over a bang in the middle of drummers .	who is seen bending over the bang in the middle of drummers ?	man
1100	The people hit the drums continuously while the camera pans around .	what did the people hit continuously ?	drums
1102	A news man is speaking in front of a group of people .	who is speaking in front of a group of people ?	man
1103	A man is shown on a diving board high atop a cliff .	who is shown on the diving board high atop a cliff ?	man
1105	The man is plastering the wall .	who is plastering the wall ?	man
1105	The man is plastering the wall .	what is the man plastering ?	wall
1107	The man cover the wall with pink plaster until the whole wall is covered .	who cover the wall with pink plaster until the whole wall is covered ?	man
1107	The man cover the wall with pink plaster until the whole wall is covered .	what do the man cover with pink plaster ?	wall
1108	Two people are seen standing in a large gymnasium speaking to one another and leads into them performing a jump roping routine .	how many people are seen standing in the large gymnasium speaking to one another and leads into them performing a jump roping routine ?	two
1109	The woman continue jumping all along the gym together and end by holding the ropes against their feet .	who continue jumping all along the gym together and end by holding the ropes against their feet ?	woman
1111	The man then assembles a torch and begins burning a piece of metal in front of him .	who then assembles the torch and begins burning a piece of metal in front of him ?	man
1111	The man then assembles a torch and begins burning a piece of metal in front of him .	what does the man then assemble ?	torch
1112	The man continues to work and hammer objects as well as sand it on the side .	who continues to work and hammer objects as well as sand it on the side ?	man
1113	Two men are standing on the side of the court holding basketball .	how many men are standing on the side of the court holding basketball ?	two
1114	The men are giving interview , talking to the camera , while one man is talking the other man is listening , then vice versa .	how many man are the men giving interview , talking to the camera , while is talking the other man is listening , then vice versa ?	one
1115	The man went to the basket dribble to the ball , the men ran to the basket and shot the ball .	who went to the basket dribble to the ball , the men ran to the basket and shot the ball ?	man
1116	As the woman moving the dolphins started to swim with her , the dolphins ' fins are visible as they swim up and down .	what are , fins visible as they swim up and down ?	dolphins
1117	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
1119	We see a title screen and see the lady buy her sunscreen and another title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
1120	The lady throws a way a bottle and looks on her phone before going to the bathroom and putting sunscreen on .	who throws the way a bottle and looks on her phone before going to the bathroom and putting sunscreen on ?	lady
1122	The lady puts on sunscreen on the beach and her friend run on the beach .	who puts on sunscreen on the beach and her friend run on the beach ?	lady
1124	A woman in lingerie is sitting on a couch waving at the camera .	where is the woman sitting on a couch waving at the camera . ?	lingerie
1127	A person is solving a cube puzzle spinning the pieces to match the colors .	what is the person solving ?	puzzle
1128	When , the person match all the color , points the table and puts the cube puzzle on it .	what does when , the person put on it ?	puzzle
1129	We see a GoPro opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
1130	We see a lady walking with a raft into a river .	who do we see walking with a raft into a river ?	lady
1133	We see the lady handing a beverage in a can to the cameraman .	where do we see the lady handing a beverage to the cameraman . ?	can
1134	The cameraman goes under a branch that is across the water .	who goes under the branch that is across the water ?	cameraman
1137	The people crowd around the bull waving sticks and follow the bull around as he gets angry .	what are the people crowd around the bull waving sticks and follow around ?	bull
1138	Another bull is shown and the two fight while the people stand and cheer on the sides .	what is shown and the two fight while the people stand and cheer on the sides ?	bull
1139	A painter applies plaster to a wall using a wide flat edge tool .	who applies plaster to a wall using a wide flat edge tool ?	painter
1140	The man moves electrical wire handing on the while to plaster around it .	who moves electrical wire handing on the while to plaster around it ?	man
1140	The man moves electrical wire handing on the while to plaster around it .	what does the man move handing on the while to plaster around it ?	wire
1142	A man skips on a truck signed with white lines , when he arrives to the third line jumps high and lands in the sandbox .	who skips on the truck signed with white lines , when he arrives to the third line jumps high and lands in the sandbox ?	man
1142	A man skips on a truck signed with white lines , when he arrives to the third line jumps high and lands in the sandbox .	what is the color of the lines ?	white
1145	They are holding paint guns as they run across the field .	what are they holding ?	guns
1147	A man is seen running down the street holding a box and speaking to another .	who is seen running down the street holding a box and speaking to another ?	man
1148	The man then plays a game with a small girl and bows after each game .	who then plays the game with a small girl and bows after each game ?	man
1150	A man picks up a ball and puts it behind his neck and throws it onto the field .	who picks up the ball and puts it behind his neck and throws it onto the field ?	man
1150	A man picks up a ball and puts it behind his neck and throws it onto the field .	what does the man pick up ?	ball
1151	Another man in a blue shirt picks up a ball and puts it behind his ear and throws it onto the field .	what does another man in a blue shirt pick up ?	ball
1151	Another man in a blue shirt picks up a ball and puts it behind his ear and throws it onto the field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
1153	The man puts on a white t shirt and puts his arms in the air .	who puts on the white t shirt and puts his arms in the air ?	man
1153	The man puts on a white t shirt and puts his arms in the air .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
1154	Another man launches a ball onto the field .	who launches the ball onto the field ?	man
1154	Another man launches a ball onto the field .	what does another man launch onto the field ?	ball
1155	A woman holds the back section of a girls hair while she gets ready to style it .	who holds the back section of a girls hair while she gets ready to style it ?	woman
1156	The woman uses a single pick comb to separate strands of hair .	who uses the single pick comb to separate strands of hair ?	woman
1156	The woman uses a single pick comb to separate strands of hair .	what does the woman use to separate strands of hair ?	comb
1157	The woman clips back sections of hair .	what back sections of hair ?	clips
1158	The woman pulls on strands of hairs to get them straightened out .	who pulls on strands of hairs to get them straightened out ?	woman
1159	The woman braids them the strands of hair together .	who braids them the strands of hair together ?	woman
1163	The newscaster appears with her parents talking about the girl while clips of the race play , and still shot pictures of the girl appear on the camera .	who appears with her parents talking about the girl while clips of the race play , and still shot pictures of the girl appear on the camera ?	newscaster
1164	When the pictures and video clips of the interview and race are over , the newscaster is speaking alone back at the news station .	who is , speaking alone back at the news station ?	newscaster
1168	Some of the bystanders are video taping the dancers .	some of the bystanders are video taping who ?	dancers
1170	One guy kisses his girlfriend on the cheek after the dance is over .	who kisses his girlfriend on the cheek after the dance is over ?	guy
1170	One guy kisses his girlfriend on the cheek after the dance is over .	who did one guy kiss on the cheek ?	girlfriend
1170	One guy kisses his girlfriend on the cheek after the dance is over .	how many guy kisses his girlfriend on the cheek after the dance is over ?	one
1171	A man is seen holding a stick up and leads into clips of men playing field hockey .	who is seen holding the stick up and leads into clips of men playing field hockey ?	man
1173	Several clips are shown of people playing this game as well as celebrating with team mates .	what are shown of people playing this game as well as celebrating with team mates ?	clips
1178	Two people are holding a tape measure and measure the jump .	how many people are holding the tape measure and measure the jump ?	two
1180	A man is talking while standing outside in front of a hill .	who is talking while standing outside in front of a hill ?	man
1181	The man is holding a shovel standing in front of a small tree .	who is holding the shovel standing in front of a small tree ?	man
1182	The man continues talking and then shovels out some weeds and dirt around the tree .	who continues talking and then shovels out some weeds and dirt around the tree ?	man
1183	He picks up rocks from around the tree .	what does he pick up from around the tree ?	rocks
1184	There is a white bucket in front of him of bark that he puts around the tree .	what is the color of the bucket ?	white
1185	Two girls are sitting on the porch of a house while shaving their legs .	who are sitting on the porch of a house while shaving their legs ?	girls
1185	Two girls are sitting on the porch of a house while shaving their legs .	how many girls are sitting on the porch of a house while shaving their legs ?	two
1186	A boy walks out and looks before walking away .	who walks out and looks before walking away ?	boy
1187	The girls continue soaping up and shaving .	who continue soaping up and shaving ?	girls
1198	The man walks around the car pushing more of the snow off and shutting the door .	who walks around the car pushing more of the snow off and shutting the door ?	man
1199	A black screen with a white title appears .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
1199	A black screen with a white title appears .	what is the color of the title ?	white
1200	A cook is in front of a professional stove putting seasoning into a metal pan and warming a pan over a gas lit blue flame .	who is in front of a professional stove putting seasoning into a metal pan and warming a pan over a gas lit blue flame ?	cook
1200	A cook is in front of a professional stove putting seasoning into a metal pan and warming a pan over a gas lit blue flame .	what is the color of the flame ?	blue
1201	The cook now scoops a large portion of mixed egg from a large metal pot into the small metal pan .	who now scoops the large portion of mixed egg from a large metal pot into the small metal pan ?	cook
1203	When the egg is almost fully cooked , the man begins to shape the egg inside of the pan with the wooden sticks in the shape of an omelet .	who does , begin to shape the egg inside of the pan with the wooden sticks in the shape of an omelet ?	man
1204	He rolls the omelet back and forth in the pan .	what does he roll back and forth in the pan ?	omelet
1204	He rolls the omelet back and forth in the pan .	where does he roll the omelet . ?	pan
1205	End black screen and a blue word .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
1205	End black screen and a blue word .	what is the color of the word ?	blue
1209	The man speaks to other chefs and instructs them on how to roll a ball of rough .	who speaks to other chefs and instructs them on how to roll a ball of rough ?	man
1210	He then puts the dough in a machine to make spaghetti and then puts them in a plate to present .	he then puts what in a machine ?	dough
1210	He then puts the dough in a machine to make spaghetti and then puts them in a plate to present .	where does he put the dough to make spaghetti . ?	machine
1212	The man then attempts a flip but lands on his stomach and falls off , walking away in pain and his jump shown again in slow motion .	who then attempts the flip but lands on his stomach and falls off , walking away in pain and his jump shown again in slow motion ?	man
1214	A person in a red shirt is standing next to the horse .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
1215	A man in a black hat is next to the horse .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
1216	A male gymnast wearing a blue leotard is doing gymnastics on a horse bar .	who is wearing a blue leotard is doing gymnastics on a horse bar ?	gymnast
1216	A male gymnast wearing a blue leotard is doing gymnastics on a horse bar .	the male gymnast wearing what is doing gymnastics on a horse bar ?	leotard
1216	A male gymnast wearing a blue leotard is doing gymnastics on a horse bar .	what is the color of the leotard ?	blue
1220	A ballerina is shown in class warming up her feet and walking away crying .	who is shown in class warming up her feet and walking away crying ?	ballerina
1221	Various actors talk to the camera about filming a movie about ballet and the moves they learned .	who talk to the camera about filming a movie about ballet and the moves they learned ?	actors
1222	The ballerinas are moving around the set while the camera is rolling .	who are moving around the set while the camera is rolling ?	ballerinas
1223	The actors continue talking about tricks and what they learned .	who continue talking about tricks and what they learned ?	actors
1224	A man plays the violin while the final scene is filmed and everyone is dancing .	who plays the violin while the final scene is filmed and everyone is dancing ?	man
1224	A man plays the violin while the final scene is filmed and everyone is dancing .	what does the man play and everyone is dancing ?	violin
1226	Multiple vaulters attempt to vault , one after another , some successfully and some not .	who attempt to vault , one after another , some successfully and some not ?	vaulters
1228	The camera cuts to four other competitors watching .	what cuts to four other competitors watching ?	camera
1229	The camera cuts to a man in white and blue celebrating while holding a flag against his black .	what cuts to the man in white and blue celebrating while holding a flag against his black ?	camera
1229	The camera cuts to a man in white and blue celebrating while holding a flag against his black .	what is the color of the flag ?	black
1230	The man who celebrated is being interviewed .	who is being interviewed ?	man
1233	She holds up her shoe and lights a match over the polish .	what does she hold up ?	shoe
1239	A man is shown walking near a boat with dogs .	who is shown walking near the boat with dogs ?	man
1240	The man is shown near a grill .	who is shown near the grill ?	man
1242	The man is interviewed while seated , with a quick cut of him walking .	who is interviewed while seated , with the quick cut of him walking ?	man
1243	The man removes his shirt .	who removes his shirt ?	man
1243	The man removes his shirt .	what does the man remove ?	shirt
1246	The man talks in an indoor environment .	who talks in an indoor environment ?	man
1248	The man is interviewed seated again .	who is interviewed seated again ?	man
1250	A different man talks to the camera while a logo is shown beside him .	who talks to the camera while a logo is shown beside him ?	man
1252	A man is dancing on a stage in a yellow shirt .	who is dancing on the stage in a yellow shirt ?	man
1252	A man is dancing on a stage in a yellow shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
1254	A man walks in front of the crowd .	who walks in front of the crowd ?	man
1255	A horse kicks a man in a red shirt .	what kicks the man in a red shirt ?	horse
1255	A horse kicks a man in a red shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
1256	A girl in a grey shirt gets thrown off a horse .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
1257	A man riding a horse gets bucked off .	who is riding a horse gets bucked off ?	man
1258	A horse tips over backward with a a person on it .	what tips over backward with the a person on it ?	horse
1259	A man is riding on a horse and flies off .	who is riding on the horse and flies off ?	man
1260	A white horse misses a jump and the person falls off .	what misses the jump and the person falls off ?	horse
1260	A white horse misses a jump and the person falls off .	what is the color of the horse ?	white
1261	A man gets hit by a rope while chasing a calf .	who gets hit by the rope while chasing a calf ?	man
1262	A horse gets his head stuck in a garbage can .	what gets his head stuck in a garbage can ?	horse
1263	A woman is seen shaving down the fur of a dog while the camera shows many dogs sitting in crates .	who is seen shaving down the fur of a dog while the camera shows many dogs sitting in crates ?	woman
1264	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and showing off several dogs with long hair and afterwards .	who is seen speaking to the camera and showing off several dogs with long hair and afterwards ?	woman
1265	The woman continues shaving down the sides of the dog while stopping to speak to the camera and showing off the shaved dog .	who continues shaving down the sides of the dog while stopping to speak to the camera and showing off the shaved dog ?	woman
1266	A little girl is shown playing table tennis , hitting the ball extremely quickly back and forth over the net .	who is shown playing table tennis , hitting the ball extremely quickly back and forth over the net ?	girl
1268	A man walks over and chalks his hands .	who walks over and chalks his hands ?	man
1269	The man walks the bars , stretches and stands there .	who walks the bars , stretches and stands there ?	man
1269	The man walks the bars , stretches and stands there .	what does the man walk ?	bars
1270	The man mounts the bars and begins to spin .	who mounts the bars and begins to spin ?	man
1270	The man mounts the bars and begins to spin .	what does the man mount ?	bars
1271	The man flips and dismounts .	who flips and dismounts ?	man
1272	The man walks away from the bars .	who walks away from the bars ?	man
1273	A woman talks , then she holds the tube of a vacuum and points the nozzle .	who , then she holds the tube of a vacuum and points the nozzle ?	talks
1273	A woman talks , then she holds the tube of a vacuum and points the nozzle .	what does the woman talks , then she point ?	nozzle
1274	The woman vacuum dirt on a carpet , then she extends the tube while explaining .	what does the woman vacuum dirt on a carpet , then she extend while explaining ?	tube
1275	Then , the woman puts a small nozzle and vacuum a couch , then she explains how to remove the dust container .	then , who puts the small nozzle and vacuum a couch , then she explains how to remove the dust container ?	woman
1275	Then , the woman puts a small nozzle and vacuum a couch , then she explains how to remove the dust container .	what does then , the woman put , then she explains how to remove the dust container ?	nozzle
1275	Then , the woman puts a small nozzle and vacuum a couch , then she explains how to remove the dust container .	what do then , the woman vacuum , then she explains how to remove the dust container ?	couch
1276	The woman continues explaining next to the vacuum .	who continues explaining next to the vacuum ?	woman
1277	two men are riding horses in a dusty field in mountains .	what are two men riding in a dusty field in mountains ?	horses
1277	two men are riding horses in a dusty field in mountains .	how many men are riding horses in a dusty field in mountains ?	two
1280	A man and a woman are standing in a bar .	where are the man and a woman standing . ?	bar
1282	The lady kicks her leg out behind and in front of her .	who kicks her leg out behind and in front of her ?	lady
1284	The camera goes blurry and the scene ends .	what goes blurry and the scene ends ?	camera
1285	A bunch of females are shown playing a water polo match in an indoor pool .	where are the bunch of females shown playing a water polo match . ?	pool
1288	The match appears to be getting very tense as both teams are trying their best to score and both goalies put up great defense .	who does the match appear and put up great defense ?	goalies
1289	A young girl who played in the match is then shown with her entire family as they take a picture .	who is then shown with her entire family as they take a picture ?	girl
1290	A man approaches a trunk standing by some dirt .	who approaches the trunk standing by some dirt ?	man
1291	He grabs an ax sitting on the dirt .	what does he grab sitting on the dirt ?	ax
1293	The trunk falls and he picks up one of the halves .	what falls and he picks up one of the halves ?	trunk
1295	He stands the other trunk and cuts it in half .	what does he stand ?	trunk
1296	Two men are standing at the table in arm wrestling position .	how many men are standing at the table in arm wrestling position ?	two
1297	A woman is positioning the men , holding their hands .	who is positioning the men , holding their hands ?	woman
1298	One man without glasses is bending on the side to with his weight .	how many man without glasses is bending on the side to with his weight ?	one
1299	The man with glass put down the other man 's hand and won .	who do the man with glass put down hand ?	man
1300	Ladies are standing in a workout room .	where are ladies standing . ?	room
1301	The ladies are belly dancing .	who are belly dancing ?	ladies
1302	The ladies dip down and toss their hair backwards .	who dip down and toss their hair backwards ?	ladies
1304	The ladies dip and bend backwards .	who dip and bend backwards ?	ladies
1305	The ladies throw their hair back and forth .	who throw their hair back and forth ?	ladies
1306	2:43 A man is in the room in the back and bends down .	who is in the room in the back and bends down ?	man
1306	2:43 A man is in the room in the back and bends down .	how many a man is in the room in the back and bends down ?	2:43
1307	The ladies finish dancing and take a bow .	who finish dancing and take a bow ?	ladies
1309	Suddenly a horse with a man riding on him quickly starts running and there 's a calf roped to the horse who is running in front of them .	what is suddenly the horse with a man riding on him quickly starts and there 's roped to the horse who is running in front of them ?	calf
1310	The man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up .	who lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up ?	man
1310	The man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up .	what does the man lasso ?	calf
1310	The man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up .	what does the man jump off ?	horse
1310	The man lassos the calf , jumps off the horse , throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up .	what does the man throw on its side ?	calf
1311	The man gets up , walks back to his horse , jumps back on and the horse slowly begins to walk as the calf is trying to stand up .	who gets up , walks back to his horse , jumps back on and the horse slowly begins to walk as the calf is trying to stand up ?	man
1311	The man gets up , walks back to his horse , jumps back on and the horse slowly begins to walk as the calf is trying to stand up .	the man gets up , walks back to his horse , jumps back on and what slowly begins to walk as the calf is trying to stand up ?	horse
1313	A lady appears holding a pumpkin .	who appears holding the pumpkin ?	lady
1317	We see a person draw on the pumpkin with a black marker .	what is the color of the marker ?	black
1318	We see the finished jack o lantern with a candle in it .	what do we see with a candle in it ?	lantern
1319	A gymnastic girl is performing balance beam .	who is performing balance beam ?	girl
1320	The girl is getting ready to get on the beam from a jump pad .	who is getting ready to get on the beam from a jump pad ?	girl
1321	The girl performs flawlessly on the beam .	who performs flawlessly on the beam ?	girl
1323	A man is seen using a machine across a long stretch of leaves while moving up and down the lawn .	who is seen using the machine across a long stretch of leaves while moving up and down the lawn ?	man
1325	A man introduces the topic of the video , which is how to do a smash shot in Badminton .	who introduces the topic of the video , which is how to do a smash shot in badminton ?	man
1328	A male gymnast in a blue outfit applies chalk dust to his hands .	what is the color of the outfit ?	blue
1337	An athletic woman is stretching with a ball and swinging her legs back and fourth .	who is stretching with the ball and swinging her legs back and fourth ?	woman
1338	She throws the ball and again prepares for another throw .	what does she throw ?	ball
1340	She performs one last throw and spins herself around once again .	how many last throw does she perform ?	one
1341	Cotton balls are being set on fire and put out in various ways .	what are being set on fire and put out in various ways ?	balls
1342	An ax is used to put out the fire .	what is used to put out the fire ?	ax
1344	A woman wash the head of a man and cuts his hair , then the woman stands next two man an touch the head of the young man .	who wash the head of a man and cuts his hair , then the woman stands next two man an touch the head of the young man ?	woman
1344	A woman wash the head of a man and cuts his hair , then the woman stands next two man an touch the head of the young man .	the woman wash the head of a man and cuts his hair , then who stands next two man an touch the head of the young man ?	woman
1344	A woman wash the head of a man and cuts his hair , then the woman stands next two man an touch the head of the young man .	how many man does the woman stand next an touch the head of the young man ?	two
1345	The woman cuts the hair of a young man using first a machine , and then a comb and scissors .	who cuts the hair of a young man using first a machine , and then a comb and scissors ?	woman
1346	Then , the woman dry the hair with a dryer and brush the head .	then , who dry the hair with a dryer and brush the head ?	woman
1347	After , the woman takes cream on her hands and comb the head of the man with her fingers to gives form to the hair .	after , who takes cream on her hands and comb the head of the man with her fingers to gives form to the hair ?	woman
1348	Next , the woman explains the hairstyle .	who does next , explain the hairstyle ?	woman
1349	People walk in the hallways of a hospital , then a doctor reviews the injured leg of a man leaving green sparkles on the leg and a machine .	who do people walk in the hallways of a hospital , then reviews the injured leg of a man leaving green sparkles on the leg and a machine ?	doctor
1349	People walk in the hallways of a hospital , then a doctor reviews the injured leg of a man leaving green sparkles on the leg and a machine .	what is the color of the sparkles ?	green
1350	Then , the man makes a call and leaves green sparkles on the phone that it is passes to the hand of a nurse that grabs the phone .	who does then , leave green sparkles on the phone that it is passes to the hand of a nurse that grabs the phone ?	man
1350	Then , the man makes a call and leaves green sparkles on the phone that it is passes to the hand of a nurse that grabs the phone .	what is the color of the sparkles ?	green
1351	After the nurse enters to visit a a sick man as well two doctors who carry green sparkles on their hands that leaves on the sick man .	how many doctors does after the nurse enter to visit a a sick man as well who carry green sparkles on their hands that leaves on the sick man ?	two
1351	After the nurse enters to visit a a sick man as well two doctors who carry green sparkles on their hands that leaves on the sick man .	what is the color of the sparkles ?	green
1353	A teenage girl brushes her hair .	who brushes her hair ?	girl
1354	The girl looks down as if she is confused .	who looks down as if she is confused ?	girl
1355	The girl talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	girl
1356	An athlete prepares to perform long jump in a stadium full of people , then a white male runs and jumps high to land in the sand .	who prepares to perform long jump in a stadium full of people , then a white male runs and jumps high to land in the sand ?	athlete
1356	An athlete prepares to perform long jump in a stadium full of people , then a white male runs and jumps high to land in the sand .	what is the color of the male ?	white
1357	Also , three black males runs fast and jump high to perform long jump .	also , how many black males runs fast and jump high to perform long jump ?	three
1357	Also , three black males runs fast and jump high to perform long jump .	what is the color of the males ?	black
1358	Also , a white male perform long jump , as well two black men do long jumps .	what is the color of the male ?	white
1358	Also , a white male perform long jump , as well two black men do long jumps .	what is the color of the men ?	black
1360	A black male jumps high happy a runs celebrating his triumph .	what is the color of the male ?	black
1361	A screen appears with instructions how to attach an InStep bike trailer .	what appears with instructions how to attach an instep bike trailer ?	screen
1362	A man is showing how to attach an InStep bike trailer on the back wheel of a bike .	who is showing how to attach an instep bike trailer on the back wheel of a bike ?	man
1363	Then , the man continues to explain the process sitting in dining room .	who does then , continue to explain the process sitting in dining room ?	man
1364	Two toddlers are sitting in a bike trailer , while the man attach the safety belts .	who are sitting in the bike trailer , while the man attach the safety belts ?	toddlers
1364	Two toddlers are sitting in a bike trailer , while the man attach the safety belts .	how many toddlers are sitting in the bike trailer , while the man attach the safety belts ?	two
1367	A man is playing soccer with another across a field .	who is playing soccer with another across a field ?	man
1369	The same clip is replayed over and over at slower speeds to better understand the trick .	what is replayed over and over at slower speeds to better understand the trick ?	clip
1371	Two more tricks are demonstrated by the duo and finally showed at a slowed down pace .	how many more tricks are demonstrated by the duo and finally showed at a slowed down pace ?	two
1375	We see an opening screen on white .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
1378	A boy throws a peace sign to the camera .	who throws the peace sign to the camera ?	boy
1382	The man is cleaning the snow off of the car .	who is cleaning the snow off of the car ?	man
1383	The girl wears a fur coat and talks to the camera .	who wears the fur coat and talks to the camera ?	girl
1384	The man continues brushing the snow off of the car .	who continues brushing the snow off of the car ?	man
1386	A child plays a chrome flute inside of home .	who plays the chrome flute inside of home ?	child
1387	The girl finishes the song and lowers the flute .	who finishes the song and lowers the flute ?	girl
1387	The girl finishes the song and lowers the flute .	what does the girl lower ?	flute
1388	Two men plays foosball in an arena with two referees standing near by watching the fame .	how many men plays foosball in an arena with two referees standing near by watching the fame ?	two
1392	We see the man in black speaking with the people behind him before the men return to the game .	what is the color of the speaking ?	black
1393	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
1394	Two people climb a rock climbing wall at night in front of a narrow pool of water surrounding by a crowd of onlookers .	what do two people climb climbing wall at night in front of a narrow pool of water surrounding by a crowd of onlookers ?	rock
1394	Two people climb a rock climbing wall at night in front of a narrow pool of water surrounding by a crowd of onlookers .	how many people climb the rock climbing wall at night in front of a narrow pool of water surrounding by a crowd of onlookers ?	two
1395	The two people climb slowly up the wall , when over midway up , the person on the left falls from the wall and into the water below .	how many people climb slowly up the wall , when over midway up ?	two
1396	In the same setting , but now during the daytime , a lone person wearing skis catapults through the air past the rock climbing wall and lands in the water below .	in the same setting , but now during the daytime , a lone person wearing what catapults through the air past the rock climbing wall and lands in the water below ?	skis
1399	A young man pulls a wheel out and shows the proper structure of a wheel .	who pulls the wheel out and shows the proper structure of a wheel ?	man
1399	A young man pulls a wheel out and shows the proper structure of a wheel .	what does the young man pull out ?	wheel
1403	The sink is shown again by itself followed by water dripping down .	what is shown again by itself followed by water dripping down ?	sink
1404	We see a lady taking in a room and touching her hair .	where do we see a lady taking and touching her hair . ?	room
1406	The lady shows us the products and tools she uses on her hair .	who shows us the products and tools she uses on her hair ?	lady
1408	The lady sections her hair and adds product .	who sections her hair and adds product ?	lady
1408	The lady sections her hair and adds product .	what does the lady add ?	product
1409	The lady twists her hair around her finger .	who twists her hair around her finger ?	lady
1410	The lady begin blow drys her hair .	who begin blow drys her hair ?	lady
1414	A woman uses the lime dipped in powder to scrub and then rinse the sink before drying it off , showing off a perfecting clean sink .	who uses the lime dipped in powder to scrub and then rinse the sink before drying it off , showing off a perfecting clean sink ?	woman
1417	They show a camp site with a tent .	what do they show with a tent ?	site
1418	They put a cloth into the bucket .	what did they put into the bucket ?	cloth
1419	There are two men playing table tennis in an indoor stadium .	how many men are there playing table tennis in an indoor stadium ?	two
1420	One of the players is wearing blue and the other player is in a red shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
1421	There is a person dressed in a black shirt seated near the players .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
1422	There are several spectators seated in the stadium .	who are there seated in the stadium ?	spectators
1424	The player in the red shirt misses the ball and gives his opponent a winning point .	what does the player in the red shirt miss ?	ball
1424	The player in the red shirt misses the ball and gives his opponent a winning point .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
1425	The player in blue cheers loudly after his winning point and breaks into a dance .	what is the color of the cheers ?	blue
1428	The man dressed on black shows the score .	who dressed on black shows the score ?	man
1428	The man dressed on black shows the score .	what is the color of the man ?	black
1430	The woman marks a name down and peels it off to put on a sock .	who marks the name down and peels it off to put on a sock ?	woman
1431	The woman then lays an iron over the name and peels off the paper to show how to properly label a gift .	who then lays an iron over the name and peels off the paper to show how to properly label a gift ?	woman
1432	A female weightlifter lifts a barbell with her legs .	who lifts the barbell with her legs ?	weightlifter
1435	As the camera walks , it was showing the well maintained hedges , at the center of two hedges is a narrow path leading to a wider field surrounded by more hedges .	, it was showing the well maintained what , at the center of two hedges is a narrow path leading to a wider field surrounded by more hedges ?	hedges
1436	On one side of the hedge is a man in black shirt , he is standing on a ladder , he is trimming the hedges .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
1438	Five products are aligned on a table , illustrating the products needed to shave .	what are aligned on the table , illustrating the products needed to shave ?	products
1438	Five products are aligned on a table , illustrating the products needed to shave .	how many products are aligned on the table , illustrating the products needed to shave ?	five
1439	A young white male walks into the bathroom , turns on the water and begins to rub his beard .	what is the color of the male ?	white
1440	A series of different forms of the product is shown and then the man prepares his skin with oil and puts it around his beard .	who is the series of different forms of the product shown and then prepares his skin with oil and puts it around his beard ?	man
1441	Next comes the brush and he adds some white cream to it to lather up his hair .	what is the color of the cream ?	white
1443	For the finishing touches , lotion is added and the man is now dressed in a suit ready to go .	what is for the finishing touches , added and the man is now dressed in a suit ready to go ?	lotion
1443	For the finishing touches , lotion is added and the man is now dressed in a suit ready to go .	who is for the finishing touches , lotion added and is now dressed in a suit ready to go ?	man
1444	A man sits down in front of a bed .	who sits down in front of a bed ?	man
1447	An athletic man is seen stepping up to a circle and throwing a discuss off into the distance .	who is seen stepping up to the circle and throwing a discuss off into the distance ?	man
1449	More shots are shown of people celebrating and the athlete runs into the stands .	who are more shots shown of people celebrating and runs into the stands ?	athlete
1450	A woman is sitting at a table using a hookah while another woman makes silly faces and gestures behind her .	who is sitting at the table using a hookah while another woman makes silly faces and gestures behind her ?	woman
1455	man is jumping wearing stilts on a sidewalk .	who is jumping wearing stilts on a sidewalk ?	man
1456	a calm green grassy field is behind the man wearinf stilts .	what is the calm green grassy field behind the man ?	stilts
1457	man is wearing white sweater and stilts and is in a green grassy park .	who is wearing white sweater and stilts and is in a green grassy park ?	man
1457	man is wearing white sweater and stilts and is in a green grassy park .	what is the color of the park ?	green
1458	A blindfolded man wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a punching bag while many watch him on the sides .	who is wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a punching bag while many watch him on the sides ?	man
1458	A blindfolded man wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a punching bag while many watch him on the sides .	the blindfolded man wearing boxing what is seen hitting a punching bag while many watch him on the sides ?	gloves
1460	A woman is standing on a tennis court talking .	who is standing on the tennis court talking ?	woman
1465	Once they are off , the man who pushed him down walks away and more people begin to go down .	who do , begin to go down ?	man
1466	A man is seen holding a glass while speaking to the camera when another man walks in and begins painting the wall .	who is seen holding the glass while speaking to the camera when another man walks in and begins painting the wall ?	man
1467	The man continues to paint up and down the wall while the camera captures him and the other man walks away .	who continues to paint up and down the wall while the camera captures him and the other man walks away ?	man
1467	The man continues to paint up and down the wall while the camera captures him and the other man walks away .	who does the man continue and walks away ?	man
1468	A man is placing tiles on the floor .	who is placing tiles on the floor ?	man
1468	A man is placing tiles on the floor .	what is the man placing on the floor ?	tiles
1469	A woman appears , removing tiles from a box and talking about them .	who appears , removing tiles from a box and talking about them ?	woman
1470	The woman kneels onto the ground , cutting and applying tiles .	who kneels onto the ground , cutting and applying tiles ?	woman
1471	A man rolls a pressure roller over the finished floor before the woman returns , speaking about the finished product .	who rolls the pressure roller over the finished floor before the woman returns , speaking about the finished product ?	man
1472	A girl is giving a small dog a bath .	who is giving the small dog a bath ?	girl
1472	A girl is giving a small dog a bath .	what is the girl giving a small dog ?	bath
1473	She has an orange bottle in her hand .	what is the color of the bottle ?	orange
1474	The outro screen appears and it 's exactly like the white intro screen .	what appears and it 's exactly like the white intro screen ?	screen
1474	The outro screen appears and it 's exactly like the white intro screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
1475	There are people throwing balls to each other in the pool .	there are people throwing what to each other in the pool ?	balls
1477	woman is walking wearing a bikini and eating a chocolate is snowy day .	who is walking wearing the bikini and eating a chocolate is snowy day ?	woman
1478	people are in sidewalk watching the girl walks .	where are people watching the girl walks . ?	sidewalk
1479	woman is in a restaurant wearing a bikini and two aiter are watching her .	who is in the restaurant wearing a bikini and two aiter are watching her ?	woman
1479	woman is in a restaurant wearing a bikini and two aiter are watching her .	how many aiter are watching her ?	two
1480	woman walks in a airport eating a restaurant .	who walks in the airport eating a restaurant ?	woman
1481	A little girl is putting makeup on her face .	who is putting makeup on her face ?	girl
1481	A little girl is putting makeup on her face .	what is the little girl putting on her face ?	makeup
1486	A gymnast is seen standing ready before a beam and then jumping on to perform a routine .	who is seen standing ready before the beam and then jumping on to perform a routine ?	gymnast
1487	The girl then performs several flips and tricks on the beam , ending with her jumping off the side with her legs together and holding her arms up .	who then performs several flips and tricks on the beam , ending with her jumping off the side with her legs together and holding her arms up ?	girl
1488	A girl is seating in front of a table , playing an accordian .	who is seating in front of a table , playing an accordian ?	girl
1490	A lady pulls and fixes her outfit .	who pulls and fixes her outfit ?	lady
1491	The lady messes with her hair .	who messes with her hair ?	lady
1492	The lady tries on shoes while standing and sitting .	who tries on shoes while standing and sitting ?	lady
1495	More pictures are shown of trucks parked as well as logos .	what are shown of trucks parked as well as logos ?	pictures
1498	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
1499	Tools sit on a table and we see a person unpack a bike and assemble it .	what sit on the table and we see a person unpack a bike and assemble it ?	tools
1502	The man puts grease on the paddles and installs them before airing the tires .	who puts grease on the paddles and installs them before airing the tires ?	man
1503	We then see the finished bike .	what do we then see ?	bicycle
1507	Also people rides motorcycles on an unpaved flat surface .	what did also people rid on an unpaved flat surface ?	motorcycles
1508	A little girl stands on a diving board .	who stands on the diving board ?	girl
1509	Then the little girl jumps , flip and dives in the swimming pool .	who does then jump , flip and dives in the swimming pool ?	girl
1509	Then the little girl jumps , flip and dives in the swimming pool .	where does then the little girl jump , flip and dives . ?	pool
1510	People are in the swimming pool .	where are people . ?	pool
1511	kid is swinging on a playground .	who is swinging on the playground ?	kid
1512	woman runs to the swings and sits .	who runs to the swings and sits ?	woman
1513	woman stands and foot up .	who stands and foot up ?	woman
1514	A man is sitting on the stairs playing a harmonica .	who is sitting on the stairs playing a harmonica ?	man
1518	One man adds water into a container while another watches .	who adds water into a container while another watches ?	man
1518	One man adds water into a container while another watches .	how many man adds water into a container while another watches ?	one
1519	The first man pours the cement mix into the container .	who pours the cement mix into the container ?	man
1519	The first man pours the cement mix into the container .	what does the first man pour into the container ?	mix
1520	The second man uses a mixer on the container .	who uses the mixer on the container ?	man
1522	Opening credits show the description of the video .	what show the description of the video ?	credits
1523	A woman waves her hand and acknowledges her hair and face as she continues to talk .	who waves her hand and acknowledges her hair and face as she continues to talk ?	woman
1526	There 's a man in a white shirt standing in an open field doing a tutorial for Expert Village on how to play lacrosse .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
1532	Eventually all the bumper cars come to a complete stop and the ride is over .	eventually what come to a complete stop and the ride is over ?	cars
1533	Ingredients are sitting on a wooden block .	what are sitting on the wooden block ?	ingredients
1537	Two women in gym exercise pants ride on stationary bikes in a gym together .	how many women in gym exercise pants ride on stationary bikes in a gym together ?	two
1538	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into the news interviewing a man .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into the news interviewing a man ?	woman
1540	A young child is seen riding a skateboard down a road following a group of older boys .	who is seen riding the skateboard down a road following a group of older boys ?	child
1543	A girl is sitting at the bottom of the stairs while trying to put her shoes on .	who is sitting at the bottom of the stairs while trying to put her shoes on ?	girl
1546	A woman dressed in gym clothes is doing a tutorial on spinning in a gym .	who dressed in gym clothes is doing a tutorial on spinning in a gym ?	woman
1547	She is demonstrating the dumbbells that she will be using .	what is she demonstrating ?	dumbbells
1548	She then demonstrates the exercise bike and continues to bike along with some other women at the gym .	what does she then demonstrate exercise ?	bicycle
1551	We see a little girl water skiing .	who do we see ?	skiing
1553	The man lets go , and grabs her jacket again .	who lets go , and grabs her jacket again ?	man
1553	The man lets go , and grabs her jacket again .	what does the man grab again ?	jacket
1554	The man points to the skis .	who points to the skis ?	man
1555	The man lefts go and grabs the jacket again .	who go and grabs the jacket again ?	lefts
1555	The man lefts go and grabs the jacket again .	what does the man lefts grab again ?	jacket
1556	A woman is shown talking to the camera with her hands and the camera pointing to a building .	who is shown talking to the camera with her hands and the camera pointing to a building ?	woman
1558	A man is smiling at the camera .	who is smiling at the camera ?	man
1560	He flips the clothes over and irons the other side .	what does he flip over ?	clothes
1561	A boy in an orange shirt is standing in a room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
1561	A boy in an orange shirt is standing in a room .	where is the boy in an orange shirt standing . ?	room
1563	The punching bag moves in the air .	what moves in the air ?	bag
1564	A circle is formed of several children who are talking and banging each other in the head with foam mallets .	what is formed of several children who are talking and banging each other in the head with foam mallets ?	circle
1566	A man is seen outside dancing to himself while wiping a rag on the car .	who is seen outside dancing to himself while wiping a rag on the car ?	man
1567	The weather is pouring rain and the man continues to dance around the car holding a rag .	who is the weather pouring rain and continues to dance around the car holding a rag ?	man
1568	The man moves to the front of the car followed by taking his shirt off and waving to the camera .	who moves to the front of the car followed by taking his shirt off and waving to the camera ?	man
1571	Two people get inside of the ring and begin fighting .	how many people get inside of the ring and begin fighting ?	two
1572	The two people grab each other 's necks and try to knock their opponent down to the ground .	how many people grab each other 's necks and try to knock their opponent down to the ground ?	two
1573	The camera captures a close up of an older woman putting makeup on and smacking her lips to the camera .	what captures the close up of an older woman putting makeup on and smacking her lips to the camera ?	camera
1574	She then puts mascara on as well as more lipstick and nods her head back and fourth smiling .	what does she then put mascara on as well as ?	lipstick
1575	A man wearing a white hat is demonstrating how to make a Caribbean drink .	who is wearing a white hat is demonstrating how to make a caribbean drink ?	man
1575	A man wearing a white hat is demonstrating how to make a Caribbean drink .	the man wearing what is demonstrating how to make a caribbean drink ?	hat
1575	A man wearing a white hat is demonstrating how to make a Caribbean drink .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
1576	He shows a bowl filled with citrus fruits .	what does he show filled with citrus fruits ?	bowl
1579	He then empties the juice a large cocktail bowl .	what does he then empty ?	juice
1580	He adds rum to the juice along with some vanilla extract .	what does he add ?	rum
1581	He also mixes in sugar and rum and whisks the drink .	what does he also whisk ?	drink
1584	A young woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a field hockey stick .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a field hockey stick ?	woman
1585	The girl then hits the ball all around the yard while the camera follows .	who then hits the ball all around the yard while the camera follows ?	girl
1585	The girl then hits the ball all around the yard while the camera follows .	what does the girl then hit all around the yard ?	ball
1587	A man dressed in snow gear is standing on a frozen body of water and bending over as he looks into a fish hole that his fishing pole is in .	who dressed in snow gear is standing on a frozen body of water and bending over as he looks into a fish hole that his fishing pole is in ?	man
1590	Several people riding bulls are throw to the ground while other people distract the bulls that jumps and kicks .	several people riding what are throw to the ground while other people distract the bulls that jumps and kicks ?	bulls
1591	Two very large sumos are in an elevated circle doing leg warm ups and squatting while another man in the middle dressed in Japanese garb referees .	how many very large sumos are in an elevated circle doing leg warm ups and squatting while another man in the middle dressed in japanese garb referees ?	two
1592	The referee lets them know when to start and the sumos wrestle while the referee walks around the ring and monitors them .	who lets them know when to start and the sumos wrestle while the referee walks around the ring and monitors them ?	referee
1593	A girl is pouring something into a sink .	who is pouring something into a sink ?	girl
1595	She pours the bowl into a bucket on the ground .	what does she pour into a bucket on the ground ?	bowl
1597	She moves the bucket up to the front of the classroom and dumps it out .	what does she move up to the front of the classroom ?	bucket
1599	The man then demonstrates several moves with the tennis racket and hitting the ball to another .	who then demonstrates several moves with the tennis racket and hitting the ball to another ?	man
1599	The man then demonstrates several moves with the tennis racket and hitting the ball to another .	what does the man then demonstrate several moves with the tennis racket and hitting to another ?	ball
1600	The two continuously hit the ball back and fourth to one another .	the two continuously hit what back ?	ball
1601	A woman is sitting down wearing green sunglasses .	who is sitting down wearing green sunglasses ?	woman
1601	A woman is sitting down wearing green sunglasses .	what is the color of the sunglasses ?	green
1603	She is riding in a car .	where is she riding . ?	car
1608	A lady bends down to take a photo and a lady walks and films the even .	who bends down to take the photo and a lady walks and films the even ?	lady
1608	A lady bends down to take a photo and a lady walks and films the even .	who does the lady bend down and walks and films the even ?	lady
1611	A man smiles and gives a thumbs up to the camera .	who smiles and gives the thumbs up to the camera ?	man
1613	The man with the mallet and the man with the red hat run back and forth .	what is the color of the hat ?	red
1614	A man with a blue shirt runs toward home plate .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
1616	A woman is up to bat and is shown running after getting a hit .	who is up to bat and is shown running after getting a hit ?	woman
1617	A man is parasailing on the ocean .	who is parasailing on the ocean ?	man
1620	The man adds a string of lights .	who adds the string of lights ?	man
1621	A little girl ads bulbs to the tree .	who bulbs to the tree ?	ads
1622	The man turns the lights on .	who turns the lights on ?	man
1623	The man and the girl add bulbs to the tree .	what do the man and the girl add to the tree ?	bulbs
1624	The lady goes up and own the stairs .	who goes up and own the stairs ?	lady
1624	The lady goes up and own the stairs .	what do the lady own ?	stairs
1625	The lady adds ornaments to the tree .	who adds ornaments to the tree ?	lady
1625	The lady adds ornaments to the tree .	what does the lady add to the tree ?	ornaments
1626	The man stands on a ladder and adds ornaments .	who stands on the ladder and adds ornaments ?	man
1626	The man stands on a ladder and adds ornaments .	what does the man add ?	ornaments
1627	The lady turns off the lights and the family looks at the tree together .	who turns off the lights and the family looks at the tree together ?	lady
1629	A lady sits and discusses , indoors .	who sits and discusses , indoors ?	lady
1630	The lady shows off her painted nails .	who shows off her painted nails ?	lady
1631	The lady presents her nail polishes .	who presents her nail polishes ?	lady
1632	The lady paints her fingernail .	who paints her fingernail ?	lady
1634	The lady raises her foot and shows off her sock .	who raises her foot and shows off her sock ?	lady
1634	The lady raises her foot and shows off her sock .	what does the lady show off ?	sock
1636	A man is seen standing in a large field and leads into him moving his arms and legs around the area .	who is seen standing in the large field and leads into him moving his arms and legs around the area ?	man
1637	The man continues moving around the area moving his hands up and down and looking off into the distance .	who continues moving around the area moving his hands up and down and looking off into the distance ?	man
1638	Two people are seen doing a ballet dance on stage followed by a woman doing a dance while others watch on the side .	how many people are seen doing the ballet dance on stage followed by a woman doing a dance while others watch on the side ?	two
1639	The woman continue spinning with the man walking in and out of frame and ends with her bowing to the audience .	who continue spinning with the man walking in and out of frame and ends with her bowing to the audience ?	woman
1640	A black dog walks on a lawn .	what walks on the lawn ?	dog
1640	A black dog walks on a lawn .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
1641	A lady rakes leaves from the lawn onto the pavement sidewalk .	who leaves from the lawn onto the pavement sidewalk ?	rakes
1642	The lady stops raking , turns around , and talks plus gestures .	who stops raking , turns around , and talks plus gestures ?	lady
1643	A white ball rolls to a parked car .	what rolls to the parked car ?	ball
1643	A white ball rolls to a parked car .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
1644	A woman is seen kneeling into frame next to a patio set .	who is seen kneeling into frame next to a patio set ?	woman
1645	She then shows off various cleaning tools an rubs them along a chair .	what does she then show off cleaning an rubs them along a chair ?	tools
1646	She brings the chair inside and pours paint into a bucket and paints along the side .	what does she bring inside ?	chair
1646	She brings the chair inside and pours paint into a bucket and paints along the side .	what does she pour into a bucket and paints along the side ?	paint
1647	She shows off the chair outside again while speaking to the camera .	what does she show off outside again ?	chair
1648	A brunette woman newscaster is wearing a white shirt and royal blue blazer over it and is speaking into the camera .	who is wearing the white shirt and royal blue blazer over it and is speaking into the camera ?	newscaster
1649	A clip begins and it features people running and the words on the screen say they are novices who are training to run a marathon in Tel Aviv , Israel .	what begins and it features people running and the words on the screen say they are novices who are training to run a marathon in tel aviv , israel ?	clip
1650	A man appears training them and different marathoners in training take turns being interviewed while they continue to switch back and forth to everyone going through the training .	who appears training them and different marathoners in training take turns being interviewed while they continue to switch back and forth to everyone going through the training ?	man
1651	The last clip is the view from the start of a marathon and hundreds of people start running as they leave the start line .	what is the view from the start of a marathon and hundreds of people start running as they leave the start line ?	clip
1653	she opens her mirror cabinet and takes her lipstick out .	what does she open ?	cabinet
1655	Then she uses the same lipstick and dabs it on her cheeks .	what does then she use ?	lipstick
1658	A toddler is holding a leaf blower .	who is holding the leaf blower ?	toddler
1658	A toddler is holding a leaf blower .	what is the toddler holding ?	blower
1659	A teen is raking the lawn .	who is raking the lawn ?	teen
1660	A teen tosses a rake full of leaves at the toddler .	who tosses the rake full of leaves at the toddler ?	teen
1661	A woman is seen speaking to the camera that leads into clips of people riding in kayaks and camels wandering around .	who is seen speaking to the camera that leads into clips of people riding in kayaks and camels wandering around ?	woman
1662	More clips are shown of people riding around the water in a kayak .	what are shown of people riding around the water in a kayak ?	clips
1664	A few kids are seen standing on a stage followed by the children pushing a puck along the ice .	who are seen standing on the stage followed by the children pushing a puck along the ice ?	kids
1666	A man comes out of a gate on a horse .	who comes out of the gate on a horse ?	man
1667	He lassos and ropes a calf .	what does he lasso and ropes ?	calf
1668	He then jumps down and ties the calf .	what does he then tie ?	calf
1673	The man surfaces and swims towards the edge of the pool .	who surfaces and swims towards the edge of the pool ?	man
1678	Then he starts playing the piano and she plays the clarinet along with the piano , when she 's done everyone claps for her .	what does then he start and she plays along with the piano , when she 's done everyone claps for her ?	clarinet
1679	A man is seen standing in a large field behind a piece of heavy machinery .	who is seen standing in the large field behind a piece of heavy machinery ?	man
1680	The man pushes the machine along some tall grass while the camera follows his movements .	who pushes the machine along some tall grass while the camera follows his movements ?	man
1680	The man pushes the machine along some tall grass while the camera follows his movements .	what does the man push along some tall grass ?	machine
1681	The man continues pushing along the high grass .	who continues pushing along the high grass ?	man
1682	The white rabbit is in the cage .	what is in the cage ?	rabbit
1682	The white rabbit is in the cage .	what is the color of the rabbit ?	white
1682	The white rabbit is in the cage .	where is the white rabbit . ?	cage
1683	The rabbit is cleaning its hands by licking it .	what is cleaning its hands by licking it ?	rabbit
1684	The rabbit cleaned his back and then wend down to the first floor of his cage .	what cleaned his back and then wend down to the first floor of his cage ?	rabbit
1687	Two teams play soccer in an indoor soccer court , the team wearing white t-shirt wins the competition .	how many teams play soccer in an indoor soccer court , the team wearing white t-shirt wins the competition ?	two
1687	Two teams play soccer in an indoor soccer court , the team wearing white t-shirt wins the competition .	what is the color of the wins ?	white
1689	Other teams plays soccer , a player with white uniform receives a ball and score .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
1690	Two teams play soccer , and the player with the yellow uniform scores .	how many teams play soccer , and the player with the yellow uniform scores ?	two
1690	Two teams play soccer , and the player with the yellow uniform scores .	what is the color of the scores ?	yellow
1691	Two team of girls compete , a girl with red uniform scores and the team wins .	how many team of girls compete ?	two
1691	Two team of girls compete , a girl with red uniform scores and the team wins .	what is the color of the scores ?	red
1692	Then , a player with a white uniform scores with a spectacular movement .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
1693	A special effect intro appears and a blue word appears in the middle of the screen and say 's `` Howcast '' .	what is the color of the word ?	blue
1694	The woman stands up to show her tattoo and the woman is briefly shown sunbathing with the tattoo covered up .	who stands up to show her tattoo and the woman is briefly shown sunbathing with the tattoo covered up ?	woman
1694	The woman stands up to show her tattoo and the woman is briefly shown sunbathing with the tattoo covered up .	who does the woman stand up and is briefly shown sunbathing with the tattoo covered up ?	woman
1695	A man is seated while someone buffs his shoes .	who is seated while someone buffs his shoes ?	man
1698	A young girl is seen walking to the end of a diving board with several other people around her .	who is seen walking to the end of a diving board with several other people around her ?	girl
1699	The girl puts her arms up and then dives into the pool .	who puts her arms up and then dives into the pool ?	girl
1701	A female gymnast is spinning and jumping on a pair of high beams as her coach watches , prepared to catch her .	who is spinning and jumping on the pair of high beams as her coach watches , prepared to catch her ?	gymnast
1703	Two men do maneuvers on a canoe pivoting the canoe helping with the paddlers .	how many men do maneuvers on a canoe pivoting the canoe helping with the paddlers ?	two
1705	After , the men slides the canoe forward using the oars to advance .	what does after , the men slide ?	canoe
1712	A man is seen holding onto a paint machine and spraying it around all the furniture .	who is seen holding onto the paint machine and spraying it around all the furniture ?	man
1713	He continues painting around the area while the camera pans around his movements .	what does he continue around the area ?	painting
1715	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a chair .	who is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a chair ?	woman
1716	She then holds up a contact lens and puts one in her eye .	what does she then hold up contact ?	lens
1723	The cars bump into each other as they drive around .	what bump into each other as they drive around ?	cars
1725	A man stands in a warehouse talking to the camera and pours some liquid on the ground .	who stands in the warehouse talking to the camera and pours some liquid on the ground ?	man
1728	A woman is video taping some men in a living room getting jackets on .	who is video taping some men in a living room getting jackets on ?	woman
1731	A girl holds up a brush and walks up to the horse .	who holds up the brush and walks up to the horse ?	girl
1733	The girl removes the ankle braces from the horse .	who removes the ankle braces from the horse ?	girl
1733	The girl removes the ankle braces from the horse .	what does the girl remove from the horse ?	braces
1734	The girl wraps up the braces together an puts them away .	who wraps up the braces together an puts them away ?	girl
1734	The girl wraps up the braces together an puts them away .	what does the girl wrap up ?	braces
1735	A horse sticks his head out from a stable and a man watches .	what sticks his head out from a stable and a man watches ?	horse
1737	The different throws show different block types .	what do the different throws show ?	types
1740	A small dog is seen wearing an outfit and walking on two legs while people stand around him and watch .	what is seen wearing an outfit and walking on two legs while people stand around him and watch ?	dog
1741	The dog continues walking around and looking around as people watch .	what continues walking around and looking around as people watch ?	dog
1742	A mountain full of snow appears and a man begins skiing down the slopes .	who does the mountain full of snow appear and begins skiing down the slopes ?	man
1747	The woman is now sitting in a green floating donut , still holding the mic , and still talking .	who is now sitting in the green floating donut , still holding the mic , and still talking ?	woman
1747	The woman is now sitting in a green floating donut , still holding the mic , and still talking .	what is the color of the donut ?	green
1748	A white screen appears appears with a maroon and white logo , then it changes to another white screen that has a blue website in the middle of it .	what appears appears with a maroon and white logo , then it changes to another white screen that has a blue website in the middle of it ?	screen
1748	A white screen appears appears with a maroon and white logo , then it changes to another white screen that has a blue website in the middle of it .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
1748	A white screen appears appears with a maroon and white logo , then it changes to another white screen that has a blue website in the middle of it .	what is the color of the logo ?	white
1748	A white screen appears appears with a maroon and white logo , then it changes to another white screen that has a blue website in the middle of it .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
1748	A white screen appears appears with a maroon and white logo , then it changes to another white screen that has a blue website in the middle of it .	what is the color of the website ?	blue
1749	A gymnast wearing a blue outfit climes onto the a balance beam and performs a hand stand with a split in a competition in front of a huge American flag .	who is wearing a blue outfit climes onto the a balance beam and performs a hand stand with a split in a competition in front of a huge american flag ?	gymnast
1749	A gymnast wearing a blue outfit climes onto the a balance beam and performs a hand stand with a split in a competition in front of a huge American flag .	what is the color of the outfit ?	blue
1750	The gymnast proceeds on the balance beam and performs a front somersault and then three consecutive backward somersaults in a row .	who proceeds on the balance beam and performs a front somersault and then three consecutive backward somersaults in a row ?	gymnast
1751	The gymnast continues with her performance on the parallel bar with spin moves , jump moves and dance moves .	who continues with her performance on the parallel bar with spin moves , jump moves and dance moves ?	gymnast
1756	A person skis quickly down a snow covered hill .	what quickly down the snow covered hill ?	skis
1756	A person skis quickly down a snow covered hill .	the person skis quickly down a snow covered what ?	hill
1758	A man is being pulled on a water ski as he floats in the water casually .	who is being pulled on the water ski as he floats in the water casually ?	man
1760	Two men are shown sitting in the boat , before cutting back to the turbulent water skiing .	how many men are shown sitting in the boat , before cutting back to the turbulent water skiing ?	two
1760	Two men are shown sitting in the boat , before cutting back to the turbulent water skiing .	where are two men shown sitting , before cutting back to the turbulent water skiing . ?	boat
1762	The people perform various jumps and tricks down these long and winding roads and shows the boarder speaking into the camera .	who does the people show into the camera ?	speaking
1763	A group of fish swim around in the ocean floor .	where do the group of fish swim around . ?	floor
1764	A long yellow fish passes the camera .	what passes the camera ?	fish
1764	A long yellow fish passes the camera .	what does the long yellow fish pass ?	camera
1764	A long yellow fish passes the camera .	what is the color of the fish ?	yellow
1765	Scuba divers gather on a boat as a man speaks .	who gather on the boat as a man speaks ?	divers
1767	The scuba divers dive , looking at the fish and waving at the camera .	what divers dive , looking at the fish and waving at the camera ?	scuba
1767	The scuba divers dive , looking at the fish and waving at the camera .	what did the scuba divers , ?	dive
1768	A boy makes repairs to a disassembled bicycle with the use of a solder in a backyard near the back steps of a house .	who makes repairs to a disassembled bicycle with the use of a solder in a backyard near the back steps of a house ?	boy
1769	The boy then begins to solder a disassembled bicycle on the ground in a backyard .	who then begins to solder the disassembled bicycle on the ground in a backyard ?	boy
1770	The boy then gets up and walks out of the scene after lifting the lid on his mask .	who then gets up and walks out of the scene after lifting the lid on his mask ?	boy
1772	the cricketers are playing a competitive game in the field .	who are playing the competitive game in the field ?	cricketers
1773	The Sri Lanka team is represented by the blue uniform .	what is the color of the uniform ?	blue
1774	The batsman scores four runs as the bowler throws an overhand ball .	who four runs as the bowler throws an overhand ball ?	scores
1774	The batsman scores four runs as the bowler throws an overhand ball .	what does the batsman scores four runs as the bowler throw ?	ball
1774	The batsman scores four runs as the bowler throws an overhand ball .	how many runs does the batsman scores as the bowler throw an overhand ball ?	four
1776	The stadium is filled with spectators cheering for the cricketers .	what is filled with spectators cheering for the cricketers ?	stadium
1777	The match goes on full swing as the batsmen score four runs .	how many runs does the match go on full swing as the batsmen score ?	four
1778	The fielder runs to catch the ball after the batsman hits it high , almost catching the ball to make him clean bold .	who runs to catch the ball after the batsman hits it high , almost catching the ball to make him clean bold ?	fielder
1779	A camera is held by someone under water and swimming in the ocean .	what is held by someone under water and swimming in the ocean ?	camera
1780	It pans to several shots of men playing soccer on a beach and kick the ball around .	what do it kick around ?	ball
1781	The camera pans over the ball followed by several more shots of the man playing .	what pans over the ball followed by several more shots of the man playing ?	camera
1782	A woman and a man practice kick box in a gym where also other people train , then he woman talks .	what do the woman and a man practice kick in a gym ?	box
1782	A woman and a man practice kick box in a gym where also other people train , then he woman talks .	where do the woman and a man practice kick box where also other people train , then he woman talks . ?	gym
1783	A cars run in a city with a soldier holding a weapon , a family in the street , people walking and car sit o the curve .	what run in the city with a soldier holding a weapon , a family in the street , people walking and car sit o the curve ?	cars
1783	A cars run in a city with a soldier holding a weapon , a family in the street , people walking and car sit o the curve .	where do the cars run in a city with a soldier holding a weapon , a family sit o the curve . ?	car
1784	The woman talks from a room , then she trains with others in a gym , then a lady in the gym talks .	who talks from the room , then she trains with others in a gym , then a lady in the gym talks ?	woman
1786	A male skateboarder is skating , he jumped on the railing and then slipped and fell on his back and a hand helped him up .	who is skating , he jumped on the railing and then slipped and fell on his back and a hand helped him up ?	skateboarder
1787	A boy jumped in a platform with his skateboard and slipped and fell .	who jumped in the platform with his skateboard and slipped and fell ?	boy
1788	The skateboarders jumped on the platform or railings and slipped and fell on the ground .	who jumped on the platform or railings and slipped and fell on the ground ?	skateboarders
1790	They start by making smoothies and read ingredients from coconut sugar .	what did they read from coconut sugar ?	ingredients
1791	They blend food and prepare the food and then blend the smoothie .	they then blend who ?	smoothie
1792	A man and a woman are drinking coffee outside next to a camper .	what are the man and a woman drinking outside next to a camper ?	coffee
1793	The man is playing guitar .	who is playing guitar ?	man
1793	The man is playing guitar .	what is the man playing ?	guitar
1794	The woman walks to the camera and starts showing off paper documents .	who walks to the camera and starts showing off paper documents ?	woman
1798	A man is seen kneeling down next to a dog scrubbing his back while another man pours water over the dog 's body .	who is seen kneeling down next to the dog scrubbing his back while another man pours water over the dog 's body ?	man
1799	The man continues scrubbing as the other pours water and ends with the dog running away .	who continues scrubbing as the other pours water and ends with the dog running away ?	man
1800	A woman brushes her long hair at home .	who brushes her long hair at home ?	woman
1801	The woman sits down on the sofa .	who sits down on the sofa ?	woman
1802	The woman gets up and turns away .	who gets up and turns away ?	woman
1803	The person turns around walks out of view .	what around walks out of view ?	turns
1807	Two young men are shown running back and fourth down a court hitting a tennis ball .	how many young men are shown running back and fourth down the court hitting a tennis ball ?	two
1809	One pauses and hits the ball on his racket and again throws it for the boys to play .	one hits what on his racket and again throws it for the boys to play ?	ball
1811	A woman talks to the camera while bathing a baby in the bathtub .	who talks to the camera while bathing a baby in the bathtub ?	woman
1811	A woman talks to the camera while bathing a baby in the bathtub .	where does the woman talk to the camera while bathing a baby . ?	bathtub
1812	The woman demonstrates a small scrubbing pad to the camera .	who demonstrates the small scrubbing pad to the camera ?	woman
1813	The woman uses the pad on the baby .	who uses the pad on the baby ?	woman
1814	One man is explaining to another man how to use a rowing machine .	who is explaining to another man how to use a rowing machine ?	man
1814	One man is explaining to another man how to use a rowing machine .	how many man is explaining to another man how to use a rowing machine ?	one
1816	Next , the other man joins the first man and starts to row .	next , who joins the first man and starts to row ?	man
1816	Next , the other man joins the first man and starts to row .	who does next , the other man join ?	man
1817	A man is bent down on a mat .	who is bent down on the mat ?	man
1820	A man in a blue shirt claps .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
1821	This baby hits the ball and falls down .	who hits the ball and falls down ?	baby
1821	This baby hits the ball and falls down .	what does this baby hit ?	ball
1822	Then he gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again .	what does then he grab ?	stick
1823	Next he falls again and gets back up while holding the stick and he grabs the ball hitting it really far .	next he falls again and gets back up while holding the stick and he grabs what hitting it really far ?	ball
1824	A parent is tattooing their very small child that looks like he is about 3 .	who is tattooing their very small child that looks like he is about 3 ?	parent
1824	A parent is tattooing their very small child that looks like he is about 3 .	who is the parent tattooing ?	child
1825	He is crying because it hurts and his mean mother is keeping him held down while they tattoo his arm .	who is he crying and is keeping him held down while they tattoo his arm ?	mother
1827	The artist grabs something green and starts to shake it .	who grabs something green and starts to shake it ?	artist
1829	Several divers jump off of the diving board into the water below performing many techniques including flips .	who jump off of the diving board into the water below performing many techniques including flips ?	divers
1830	More , less successful dives are shown near the end of the clip before the scene fades to black .	what is the color of the scene ?	black
1833	A man speaks off into the distance and the divers stand together to get their medals .	who speaks off into the distance and the divers stand together to get their medals ?	man
1833	A man speaks off into the distance and the divers stand together to get their medals .	who does the man speak off into the distance and stand together to get their medals ?	divers
1834	People are riding bicycles around a dirt track .	what are people riding around a dirt track ?	bicycles
1835	Two men crash into each other and fall down .	how many men crash into each other and fall down ?	two
1839	The drummers are performing as they walk .	who are performing as they walk ?	drummers
1840	A woman is seated on a bed in a bedroom .	who is seated on the bed in a bedroom ?	woman
1842	She opens a cigarette case and smokes a cigarette while she talks .	what does she open ?	case
1842	She opens a cigarette case and smokes a cigarette while she talks .	what does she smoke ?	cigarette
1846	A woman wearing light blue tank top and black shorts is exercising on an elliptical .	who is wearing light blue tank top and black shorts is exercising on an elliptical ?	woman
1846	A woman wearing light blue tank top and black shorts is exercising on an elliptical .	what is the color of the tank ?	blue
1848	She then finishes her exercise routine , gets off the equipment and takes a drink of water from a blue water bottle .	what does she then get off ?	equipment
1848	She then finishes her exercise routine , gets off the equipment and takes a drink of water from a blue water bottle .	what is the color of the bottle ?	blue
1850	We see two opening title screens .	what do we see ?	screens
1850	We see two opening title screens .	how many opening title screens do we see ?	two
1851	We see a man behind a bar talking .	who do we see behind a bar talking ?	man
1852	The man adds ice to a martin glass and a tall glass .	who adds ice to a martin glass and a tall glass ?	man
1853	the man adds three shots to the glass and shakes it .	who adds three shots to the glass and shakes it ?	man
1853	the man adds three shots to the glass and shakes it .	how many shots does the man add to the glass ?	three
1854	The man puts a strainer on the glass and pours the ice out of the martini glass .	who puts the strainer on the glass and pours the ice out of the martini glass ?	man
1854	The man puts a strainer on the glass and pours the ice out of the martini glass .	what does the man put on the glass ?	strainer
1855	The man pours the lime green drink in the martini glass and adds a cherry and straw .	who pours the lime green drink in the martini glass and adds a cherry and straw ?	man
1855	The man pours the lime green drink in the martini glass and adds a cherry and straw .	what does the man pour in the martini glass ?	drink
1855	The man pours the lime green drink in the martini glass and adds a cherry and straw .	what is the color of the drink ?	green
1856	We see the closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
1857	An elderly man is setting up his camera and then goes off to get on his riding mower .	who is setting up his camera and then goes off to get on his riding mower ?	man
1857	An elderly man is setting up his camera and then goes off to get on his riding mower .	what is an elderly man setting up ?	camera
1863	A woman is talking before she starts preparing and decorating the tree .	who is talking before she starts preparing and decorating the tree ?	woman
1864	She applies a plethora of ornaments and lights , and the tree is shown several different states of decoration .	what does she apply a plethora of ornaments and lights , and is shown several different states of decoration ?	tree
1865	a little boy is riding inline skates down a driveway .	who is riding inline skates down a driveway ?	boy
1865	a little boy is riding inline skates down a driveway .	what is the little boy riding down a driveway ?	skates
1870	The other woman is the only female playing , she take her turn and then it 's back to the men .	who is the only female playing , she take her turn and then it 's back to the men ?	woman
1871	The man in sandals hit the black ball and then it is once again the woman 's turn .	what did the man in sandals hit and then it is once again the woman 's turn ?	ball
1871	The man in sandals hit the black ball and then it is once again the woman 's turn .	who did the man in sandals hit the black ball and then it is once again turn ?	woman
1871	The man in sandals hit the black ball and then it is once again the woman 's turn .	what is the color of the ball ?	black
1872	A man walks up and picks up a weight .	who walks up and picks up the weight ?	man
1875	Another man next to him picks up a weight and lifts it over his head .	who next to him picks up a weight and lifts it over his head ?	man
1877	A man is seen standing in a sand pit and begins spinning around and throwing the object .	who is seen standing in the sand pit and begins spinning around and throwing the object ?	man
1878	The man is shown several times spinning around and throwing the object off into the distance .	who is shown several times spinning around and throwing the object off into the distance ?	man
1879	A bike company is showing off their bikes and how to fix them .	what is showing off their bikes and how to fix them ?	company
1879	A bike company is showing off their bikes and how to fix them .	what is the bike company showing off ?	bicycles
1881	Then a man gives a quick into talk about the bikes .	who does then give the quick into talk about the bikes ?	man
1882	A person with gloves then shows off some tools and paste .	what does the person with gloves then show off ?	tools
1885	The ending screen shows the bike company 's logo again .	what shows the bike company 's logo again ?	screen
1885	The ending screen shows the bike company 's logo again .	what does the ending screen show logo again ?	company
1886	A person in Blue pants attemps to pile drive a guy in a pink suit .	what is the color of the pants ?	blue
1889	One person crashes into another and shows a person speaking to the camera .	how many person crashes into another and shows a person speaking to the camera ?	one
1890	More clips are shown of the boats together and logos being shown .	what are shown of the boats together and logos being shown ?	clips
1890	More clips are shown of the boats together and logos being shown .	who are more clips shown of the boats together and being shown ?	logos
1892	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while several people are seen running and drinking water .	who is seen speaking to the camera while several people are seen running and drinking water ?	woman
1894	There are five ladies playing shuffleboard in an indoor shuffleboard court .	who are there playing shuffleboard in an indoor shuffleboard court ?	ladies
1894	There are five ladies playing shuffleboard in an indoor shuffleboard court .	how many ladies are there playing shuffleboard in an indoor shuffleboard court ?	five
1895	There are three women in green and two women dressed in cream colored shirts playing against each other .	how many women are there in green and two women dressed in cream colored shirts playing against each other ?	three
1896	A lady from the green team begins to aim the stick to hit the puck while another team member helps her rearrange the pucks .	what is the color of the team ?	green
1897	Then she shoots the puck with the stick and steps back to give her opponent a chance .	who does then she shoot with the stick ?	puck
1898	A player from the cream team then hits the puck with her stick but is not very successful .	the player from the cream team then hits who with her stick ?	puck
1899	A man steps in and replaces the puck on the shuffleboard .	who steps in and replaces the puck on the shuffleboard ?	man
1899	A man steps in and replaces the puck on the shuffleboard .	who does the man replace on the shuffleboard ?	puck
1900	Then another player from the green team comes forward to play .	what is the color of the team ?	green
1901	A man is wearing an apron and standing in his kitchen .	who is wearing an apron and standing in his kitchen ?	man
1901	A man is wearing an apron and standing in his kitchen .	what is the man wearing and standing in his kitchen ?	apron
1901	A man is wearing an apron and standing in his kitchen .	where is the man wearing an apron and standing . ?	kitchen
1903	A white bowl is filled with sugar , eggs , and peanut butter , then blended .	what is filled with sugar , eggs , and peanut butter , then blended ?	bowl
1903	A white bowl is filled with sugar , eggs , and peanut butter , then blended .	what is the color of the bowl ?	white
1907	She holds up a hair curler and puts it in her hair .	what does she hold up ?	curler
1911	Two men are sailing on the blue water , with their white boat with white flags , then they avoided the buoys on the water .	how many men are sailing on the blue water , with their white boat with white flags ?	two
1911	Two men are sailing on the blue water , with their white boat with white flags , then they avoided the buoys on the water .	what is the color of the water ?	blue
1911	Two men are sailing on the blue water , with their white boat with white flags , then they avoided the buoys on the water .	what is the color of the boat ?	white
1911	Two men are sailing on the blue water , with their white boat with white flags , then they avoided the buoys on the water .	what is the color of the flags ?	white
1912	A plan written on a white paper with black pen , and then the plan is put into action , when the white boat sail on the water and turn around .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
1912	A plan written on a white paper with black pen , and then the plan is put into action , when the white boat sail on the water and turn around .	what is the color of the pen ?	black
1912	A plan written on a white paper with black pen , and then the plan is put into action , when the white boat sail on the water and turn around .	what is the color of the boat ?	white
1914	Then , the man stand and talks to people .	then , who stand and talks to people ?	man
1917	A man begins to talk to one of the women as she is playing one of the games .	who begins to talk to one of the women as she is playing one of the games ?	man
1920	A man helps as the women try to get the hang of playing the game .	who helps as the women try to get the hang of playing the game ?	man
1921	A camera pans around a snowy roof and leads into a man pushing snow off of a roof and onto the ground below .	what pans around the snowy roof and leads into a man pushing snow off of a roof and onto the ground below ?	camera
1922	The man continues speaking to the camera while pushing off snow and leading into an empty roof .	who continues speaking to the camera while pushing off snow and leading into an empty roof ?	man
1923	Another man is seen shoveling off snow and ends with pictures of the men working .	who is seen shoveling off snow and ends with pictures of the men working ?	man
1924	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
1925	We see a man in a barber shop and see images of the shop .	where do we see a man . ?	shop
1926	The barber speaks cut with scenes of a barber shop .	who speaks cut with scenes of a barber shop ?	barber
1928	A large dog walks through the room .	what walks through the room ?	dog
1930	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
1931	A man is seated in front of a canvas .	who is seated in front of a canvas ?	man
1934	A black screen is visible and white words begin to appear .	what is visible and white words begin to appear ?	screen
1934	A black screen is visible and white words begin to appear .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
1934	A black screen is visible and white words begin to appear .	what is the color of the words ?	white
1936	The boys form a circle and begin leaning to the left in a lounge position to exercise .	who form the circle and begin leaning to the left in a lounge position to exercise ?	boys
1936	The boys form a circle and begin leaning to the left in a lounge position to exercise .	what do the boys form ?	circle
1937	When they are finished , they begin pulling tug of war and the man on the left side with black suit wins .	what is the color of the wins ?	black
1942	A man walks past the door .	who walks past the door ?	man
1943	A man in blue enters the room .	what does the man in blue enter ?	room
1945	The instructor finishes and walks back and forth .	who finishes and walks back and forth ?	instructor
1946	There are three young men in a house .	how many young men are there in a house ?	three
1946	There are three young men in a house .	where are three young men . ?	house
1948	And there are two other men who are staring at him while he eats .	how many other men are and there who are staring at him while he eats ?	two
1952	He slices some ham and makes two toasts in a toaster .	what does he slice ?	ham
1952	He slices some ham and makes two toasts in a toaster .	how many toasts does he make in a toaster ?	two
1953	Then he puts mayonnaise on the bread and tops it with the meat , lettuce and tomato .	what does then he put on the bread ?	mayonnaise
1955	Then he offers the sandwich plate to the man seated on the couch eating the Doritos .	what does then he offer to the man seated on the couch eating the doritos ?	plate
1956	The man takes the plate and takes a bite of the sandwich as the other man stands next to him and watches .	who takes the plate and takes a bite of the sandwich as the other man stands next to him and watches ?	man
1957	A person retrieves an instrument from a closet .	what does the person retrieve from a closet ?	instrument
1958	The man examines the instrument in his hand .	who examines the instrument in his hand ?	man
1961	The man finishes the song and lowers the instrument .	who finishes the song and lowers the instrument ?	man
1961	The man finishes the song and lowers the instrument .	what does the man lower ?	instrument
1962	Two little girls take pack a suitcase and take a trip to New York City .	who take pack the suitcase and take a trip to new york city ?	girls
1962	Two little girls take pack a suitcase and take a trip to New York City .	how many little girls take pack the suitcase and take a trip to new york city ?	two
1963	Two little girls stand in a room dressed in costumes that later morph into ballerina outfits .	who stand in the room dressed in costumes that later morph into ballerina outfits ?	girls
1963	Two little girls stand in a room dressed in costumes that later morph into ballerina outfits .	how many little girls stand in the room dressed in costumes that later morph into ballerina outfits ?	two
1964	The two girls begin to dance together while singing or speaking into the camera .	who begin to dance together while singing or speaking into the camera ?	girls
1964	The two girls begin to dance together while singing or speaking into the camera .	how many girls begin to dance together while singing or speaking into the camera ?	two
1965	The trip ends and the two girls run into a building and then sing together on the edge of a water fountain before running off .	who does the trip end and run into a building and then sing together on the edge of a water fountain before running off ?	girls
1965	The trip ends and the two girls run into a building and then sing together on the edge of a water fountain before running off .	how many girls run into the building and then sing together on the edge of a water fountain before running off ?	two
1966	A man is seen riding down on a skateboard while the camera follows his movements .	who is seen riding down on the skateboard while the camera follows his movements ?	man
1967	The man skates around the street through obstacles and down the street .	who skates around the street through obstacles and down the street ?	man
1969	A belly dancer is seen moving herself along a stage and performing a routine while many watch .	who is seen moving herself along a stage and performing a routine while many watch ?	dancer
1971	Two men hunt and shoot a buffalo in a sandy , desert like setting .	how many men hunt and shoot the buffalo in a sandy , desert like setting ?	two
1972	A room filled with stuffed and hunted animals displays in a room with many of them mounted on walls .	what filled with stuffed and hunted animals displays in a room with many of them mounted on walls ?	room
1973	Two brown buffalos are standing next to each other on a sandy ground in extremely windy weather .	what are standing next to each other on a sandy ground in extremely windy weather ?	buffalos
1973	Two brown buffalos are standing next to each other on a sandy ground in extremely windy weather .	how many brown buffalos are standing next to each other on a sandy ground in extremely windy weather ?	two
1973	Two brown buffalos are standing next to each other on a sandy ground in extremely windy weather .	what is the color of the buffalos ?	brown
1974	Two men watch the two buffalos from a distance with weapons mounted aiming to shoot as a camera man stands behind them filming the incident .	how many men watch the two buffalos from a distance with weapons mounted aiming to shoot as a camera man stands behind them filming the incident ?	two
1975	One of the buffalos is shot by an yellow tipped weapon while walking away .	what is the color of the while ?	yellow
1977	woman is sitting in front of other in a consulting room and take the glasses out and wash her hands .	who is sitting in front of other in a consulting room and take the glasses out and wash her hands ?	woman
1978	A lake is seen with the view of a city skyline across the way .	what is seen with the view of a city skyline across the way ?	lake
1980	A man uses a snow blower on a sidewalk area .	who uses the snow blower on a sidewalk area ?	man
1982	A spade gardening tool is used to break up ice .	what is used to break up ice ?	tool
1983	A man applies salt to the cleared sidewalk area .	who applies salt to the cleared sidewalk area ?	man
1984	Two people are seen passing a ball back and fourth in a pool and leads into one speaking to the camera .	how many people are seen passing the ball back and fourth in a pool and leads into one speaking to the camera ?	two
1984	Two people are seen passing a ball back and fourth in a pool and leads into one speaking to the camera .	where are two people seen passing a ball back and fourth . ?	pool
1985	The man demonstrates how to properly throw the ball with his hands while still speaking to the camera .	who demonstrates how to properly throw the ball with his hands while still speaking to the camera ?	man
1986	A young woman uses hair products on and blow dries her hair straight with a dryer that has a comb attached to the end of it .	who uses hair products on and blow dries her hair straight with a dryer that has a comb attached to the end of it ?	woman
1986	A young woman uses hair products on and blow dries her hair straight with a dryer that has a comb attached to the end of it .	what does the young woman use on and blow dries her hair straight with a dryer that has a comb attached to the end of it ?	products
1987	The woman begins by removing a terry cloth turban from her head and revealing a wet may batch of hair .	who begins by removing the terry cloth turban from her head and revealing a wet may batch of hair ?	woman
1988	The woman then begins to put section of her hair in twist braids .	who then begins to put section of her hair in twist braids ?	woman
1989	The women then starts blowdrying sections of her hair with a comb attached blow dryer .	who then starts blowdrying sections of her hair with a comb attached blow dryer ?	women
1990	The woman swings her straightened hair and smiles .	who swings her straightened hair and smiles ?	woman
1991	A black intro screen with white words appear and it notes the location , the people , and the cake they are going to make .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
1991	A black intro screen with white words appear and it notes the location , the people , and the cake they are going to make .	what is the color of the words ?	white
1994	The credits then begin to scroll from bottom to top on a black screen with white letters .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
1994	The credits then begin to scroll from bottom to top on a black screen with white letters .	what is the color of the letters ?	white
1995	A large man is seen standing and bowing in front of another large man while one holds his hands out inbetween the two men .	who is seen standing and bowing in front of another large man while one holds his hands out inbetween the two men ?	man
1998	The man pushes another out of the circle and the audience claps once again .	who pushes another out of the circle and the audience claps once again ?	man
1999	A man takes out the ice over the windows of a car .	who takes out the ice over the windows of a car ?	man
2001	A woman add ice on a glass while talking .	who add ice on a glass while talking ?	woman
2002	Then , the woman adds syrup in the glass using a measure cup .	who does then , add syrup in the glass using a measure cup ?	woman
2002	Then , the woman adds syrup in the glass using a measure cup .	what does then , the woman add in the glass using a measure cup ?	syrup
2003	After , the woman add liquid to the glass , then pours the it in a black cup .	what is the color of the cup ?	black
2003	After , the woman add liquid to the glass , then pours the it in a black cup .	where do after , the woman add liquid to the glass , then pours the it . ?	cup
2004	After , the woman serves the mix in another glass .	who does after , serve the mix in another glass ?	woman
2005	Two men are doing martial arts with others around them watching .	how many men are doing martial arts with others around them watching ?	two
2008	A man is smoothing a substance on a roof with a trowel .	who is smoothing the substance on a roof with a trowel ?	man
2010	The man moves to the bottom and smooths back up the top .	who moves to the bottom and smooths back up the top ?	man
2012	A blonde woman stands by a bridge yelling .	who stands by the bridge yelling ?	woman
2013	A brunette extends purple and red yarn to the woman .	who extends purple and red yarn to the woman ?	brunette
2014	The woman is hallucinating this and is then doing an interview .	who is hallucinating this and is then doing an interview ?	woman
2016	The blonde woman hallucinates seeing the woman who gave her the yarn , and starts laughing hysterically .	who hallucinates seeing the woman who gave her the yarn , and starts laughing hysterically ?	woman
2020	Three boys in a grass covered back yard take turns playing a game of cricket on the lawn .	how many boys in a grass covered back yard take turns playing a game of cricket on the lawn ?	three
2021	The boys take turns throwing and hitting the cricket ball , helping each other out by redistributing the ball back into the game when they land in the field .	who take turns throwing and hitting the cricket ball , helping each other out by redistributing the ball back into the game when they land in the field ?	boys
2023	On a track , a runner gets ready to perform .	who does on the track , get ready to perform ?	runner
2025	He walks along the track after being finished .	what does he walk along after being finished ?	track
2026	The man runs and jumps again .	who runs and jumps again ?	man
2027	The runner talks to someone .	who talks to someone ?	runner
2028	Three men wearing snowboards get out a ski lift , and a man tie his shoe .	three men wearing what get out a ski lift , and a man tie his shoe ?	snowboards
2028	Three men wearing snowboards get out a ski lift , and a man tie his shoe .	who are three men wearing snowboards get out a ski lift , and tie his shoe ?	man
2028	Three men wearing snowboards get out a ski lift , and a man tie his shoe .	what are three men wearing snowboards get out a ski lift , and a man tie ?	shoe
2028	Three men wearing snowboards get out a ski lift , and a man tie his shoe .	how many men is wearing snowboards get out a ski lift ?	three
2029	Then , the men ski down a hill covered with snow .	what do then , the men ski down covered with snow ?	hill
2030	A man bend his legs on the snow , then continue skiing with other men .	who bend his legs on the snow , then continue skiing with other men ?	man
2031	A man plays the bagpipes on stage while wearing a Scottish skirt .	who plays the bagpipes on stage while wearing a scottish skirt ?	man
2031	A man plays the bagpipes on stage while wearing a Scottish skirt .	what does the man play on stage ?	bagpipes
2032	Then , the man ends playing and holds the bagpipes on his left arm .	then , who ends playing and holds the bagpipes on his left arm ?	man
2032	Then , the man ends playing and holds the bagpipes on his left arm .	what does then , the man hold on his left arm ?	bagpipes
2033	A woman is on her hands and knees cutting grass with some scissors .	who is on her hands and knees cutting grass with some scissors ?	woman
2034	The camera pans out to give a full view of her cutting the grass .	what pans out to give the full view of her cutting the grass ?	camera
2036	The camera goes back to a close up of the grass and the video ends .	what goes back to the close up of the grass and the video ends ?	camera
2037	A camera pans around several wooded areas and leads into a boy holding a leaf blower and smiling to the camera .	what pans around several wooded areas and leads into a boy holding a leaf blower and smiling to the camera ?	camera
2038	The camera pans to an older man and then back to the boys blowing leaves .	what pans to an older man and then back to the boys blowing leaves ?	camera
2039	A man in green trunks throws a man in red trunks in a wrestling ring .	what is the color of the trunks ?	green
2039	A man in green trunks throws a man in red trunks in a wrestling ring .	what is the color of the trunks ?	red
2040	The man in green trunks rolls out of the ring .	what is the color of the trunks ?	green
2041	The man in green trunks spears the other man .	who does the man in green trunks spear ?	man
2041	The man in green trunks spears the other man .	what is the color of the trunks ?	green
2042	The man in green trunks power bombs the other man .	the man in green trunks power bombs who ?	man
2042	The man in green trunks power bombs the other man .	what is the color of the trunks ?	green
2043	The man in green trunks pins the other man and wins the match .	who does the man in green trunks pin ?	man
2043	The man in green trunks pins the other man and wins the match .	what is the color of the trunks ?	green
2044	The man moves the camera and adjusts the position and then walks back to the van begins cleaning the snow off of the entire top of the van .	who begins cleaning the snow off of the entire top of the van ?	man
2045	A woman shows up and she touches the van with her hands and starts to wipe off the snow with just her hands .	who shows up and she touches the van with her hands and starts to wipe off the snow with just her hands ?	woman
2046	First a screen is shown , showing what song the man will be playing using the guitar .	what is first shown , showing what song the man will be playing using the guitar ?	screen
2047	Then the man is shown sitting down playing the guitar and he never looks up at the camera .	who is then shown sitting down playing the guitar and he never looks up at the camera ?	man
2049	A woman is seen standing ready on a diving board and leads into her holding out her arms and performing an impressive dive .	who is seen standing ready on the diving board and leads into her holding out her arms and performing an impressive dive ?	woman
2050	The woman is seen several more times diving into the pool and coming to the surface .	who is seen several more times diving into the pool and coming to the surface ?	woman
2051	A man talks in an office holding a harmonica .	who talks in an office holding a harmonica ?	man
2052	Then , the man opens a stand and turns on the radio .	then , who opens the stand and turns on the radio ?	man
2053	After , the man plyas the harmonica .	who does after , plyas the harmonica ?	man
2053	After , the man plyas the harmonica .	what does after , the man plyas ?	harmonica
2055	A man stands in the middle and the people begin pulling the rope from one another .	who stands in the middle and the people begin pulling the rope from one another ?	man
2056	One side pulls the others down and the rest of the team cheer while the camera pans around .	how many side pulls the others down ?	one
2057	The video shows two countries represented by blue and green uniforms playing the game of cricket professionally .	how many countries does the video show represented by blue and green uniforms playing the game of cricket professionally ?	two
2058	The batsmen is batting while the bowler is doing an overhand throw .	who is batting while the bowler is doing an overhand throw ?	batsmen
2059	The next scene shows a team of cricketers wearing white uniforms getting ready to play as they gather in a circle with their captain .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	white
2060	A girl walks into the center of a room with a hula hoop .	who walks into the center of a room with a hula hoop ?	girl
2064	An intro screen of clouds appear and the blue words across it say `` HOOKAH TRICK MONTAGE HD '' .	what is the color of the words ?	blue
2065	When the clips are done a black screen appears and blue letters appear and it say 's `` Thanks for watching '' .	what appears and blue letters appear and it say 's `` thanks for watching '' ?	screen
2065	When the clips are done a black screen appears and blue letters appear and it say 's `` Thanks for watching '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
2065	When the clips are done a black screen appears and blue letters appear and it say 's `` Thanks for watching '' .	what is the color of the letters ?	blue
2066	A boy is in a bumper car , spinning around by himself .	who is in the bumper car , spinning around by himself ?	boy
2066	A boy is in a bumper car , spinning around by himself .	where is the boy , spinning around by himself . ?	car
2067	He moves back and forward in his car .	where does he move . ?	car
2070	A lady talks to a group of males .	who talks to the group of males ?	lady
2071	A guy slips , falls on the ice arena , and laughs .	who slips , falls on the ice arena , and laughs ?	guy
2072	A man opens his mouth very wide to show his excitement .	who opens his mouth very wide to show his excitement ?	man
2073	A lady stops the circling stone with a broom .	who stops the circling stone with a broom ?	lady
2075	A man is outside with a large metal box .	who is outside with the large metal box ?	man
2076	Another man is sanding a wall and ceiling inside a building .	who is sanding the wall and ceiling inside a building ?	man
2077	They then sand the floors .	what does they then sand ?	floors
2078	We see the title on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
2081	We see a man at the top of the mountain .	who do we see at the top of the mountain ?	man
2083	The man films his face as he slides down the hill .	who films his face as he slides down the hill ?	man
2084	We see a young man 's face as he rides down the hill .	who do we see face as he rides down the hill ?	man
2086	At the end we see a kid laying on a raft .	who do at the end we see laying on a raft ?	kid
2090	A boy is chopping wood in a forest .	who is chopping wood in a forest ?	boy
2091	The boy almost drops the axe .	who almost drops the axe ?	boy
2091	The boy almost drops the axe .	what does the boy almost drop ?	axe
2092	The boy looks at the camera .	who looks at the camera ?	boy
2095	The woman falls and fails backwards off a bridge , landing on a truck .	who falls and fails backwards off the bridge , landing on a truck ?	woman
2096	A man in a blue polo speaks to the camera .	what is the color of the polo ?	blue
2097	In a different setting , the man is instructing a blonde woman on how to perform sit ups .	who is in the different setting , instructing a blonde woman on how to perform sit ups ?	man
2097	In a different setting , the man is instructing a blonde woman on how to perform sit ups .	who is in the different setting , the man instructing on how to perform sit ups ?	woman
2098	The woman does sit ups .	who does sit ups ?	woman
2099	The man returns to speak to the camera .	who returns to speak to the camera ?	man
2101	The first tire is taken off and replaced , but nothing else is done .	what is taken off and replaced , but nothing else is done ?	tire
2103	Two men are playing a game of darts .	how many men are playing the game of darts ?	two
2104	We see the camera operator .	what do we see ?	operator
2105	We see a man up close in the camera .	who do we see up close in the camera ?	man
2105	We see a man up close in the camera .	where do we see a man . ?	camera
2106	We see a man up close .	who do we see up close ?	man
2108	A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins kneeling down on a roof .	who is seen speaking to the camera and begins kneeling down on a roof ?	man
2109	The man then use a tool to scrape off tiles on the roof as well as another tool to put them back down .	who then use the tool to scrape off tiles on the roof as well as another tool to put them back down ?	man
2110	The man continues taking off tiles on the roof and gluing others down and ends by smiling to the camera .	who continues taking off tiles on the roof and gluing others down and ends by smiling to the camera ?	man
2111	Two dodgeball teams play against each other in an interior gym surrounded by onlookers in bleachers .	how many dodgeball teams play against each other in an interior gym surrounded by onlookers in bleachers ?	two
2115	A person kicks off a tubing participant to ride down the snow slide .	who does the person kick off ?	participant
2116	The camera pans to two tubers who are waiting to go down themselves .	what pans to two tubers who are waiting to go down themselves ?	camera
2117	The next two people ride down the slide .	how many people ride down the slide ?	two
2118	Finally , The cameraman takes the ride and we get to live vicariously through them .	who does finally , take the ride and we get to live vicariously through them ?	cameraman
2120	The man grabs a set of weights and begins to lift it over his head .	who grabs the set of weights and begins to lift it over his head ?	man
2122	More bowlers are shown and they begin falling onto the lanes as the attempt to throw the ball .	who are shown and they begin falling onto the lanes as the attempt to throw the ball ?	bowlers
2123	A man then comes along and spins around on his head and ends up hitting the pins with the balls .	who then comes along and spins around on his head and ends up hitting the pins with the balls ?	man
2124	Finally , a ball is thrown correctly and the man congratulates him .	what is finally , thrown correctly and the man congratulates him ?	ball
2124	Finally , a ball is thrown correctly and the man congratulates him .	who is finally , the ball thrown correctly and congratulates him ?	man
2125	People are working out in a room .	where are people working out . ?	room
2126	They are stepping up and down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
2128	A man is standing in a yard flying a kite .	who is standing in the yard flying a kite ?	man
2129	A woman is standing in front of him and flies the kite after .	who is standing in front of him and flies the kite after ?	woman
2129	A woman is standing in front of him and flies the kite after .	what does the woman fly after ?	kite
2130	The kite is shown in the sky .	what is shown in the sky ?	kite
2131	Another woman starts flying the kite outside .	who starts flying the kite outside ?	woman
2132	An athlete sets up her stance in order to throw a disc during a track and field event .	who sets up her stance in order to throw a disc during a track and field event ?	athlete
2133	The woman throws the disc far across the field .	who throws the disc far across the field ?	woman
2134	The athlete celebrates the throw and the crowd cheers .	who celebrates the throw and the crowd cheers ?	athlete
2136	A man explains while stands on a fenced court .	who explains while stands on the fenced court ?	man
2137	Then , the man dance hip hop , and then explain doing hip hop demonstrations .	then , who hop , and then explain doing hip hop demonstrations ?	hip
2139	We see the white title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2139	We see the white title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
2140	We then see a bartender talking to two people in a bar .	who do we then see talking to two people in a bar ?	bartender
2141	The man puts his arm behind his back .	who puts his arm behind his back ?	man
2142	The bartender puts two cards on the bar .	who puts two cards on the bar ?	bartender
2142	The bartender puts two cards on the bar .	how many cards does the bartender put on the bar ?	two
2143	They push their cards and drink beer , then pull cards and drink beer .	they push their cards and drink what ?	beer
2143	They push their cards and drink beer , then pull cards and drink beer .	what do they drink ?	beer
2144	The bartender spits the beer back in the glass .	who spits the beer back in the glass ?	bartender
2144	The bartender spits the beer back in the glass .	what does the bartender spit back in the glass ?	beer
2145	The bartender looks at the camera and speaks .	who looks at the camera and speaks ?	bartender
2146	We see the end title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2149	They are remodeling the floor from carpet to wood floors .	what are they remodeling from carpet to wood floors ?	floor
2150	Once the floor is done they bring back all the furniture .	what do they bring back ?	furniture
2151	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her cutting a person 's hair .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her cutting a person 's hair ?	woman
2153	There 's a group of rafters wearing yellow vests going on an adventure .	what is the color of the vests ?	yellow
2154	They are rowing the raft through the river as the turbulent waves gush towards their raft .	what are they rowing through the river ?	raft
2156	The rafters stay afloat despite the turbulent and agitated waves of the river .	what stay afloat despite the turbulent and agitated waves of the river ?	rafters
2158	The rafters continue their journey through the turbulent waters of the river .	what continue their journey through the turbulent waters of the river ?	rafters
2159	There 's a person bungee jumping from an elevated crane into the river .	what does there 's jumping from an elevated crane into the river ?	bungee
2160	A woman is standing in a messy kitchen in front of the sink preparing to cut something .	who is standing in the messy kitchen in front of the sink preparing to cut something ?	woman
2162	As she continues cutting , two young girls walk in the kitchen and begin watching her and grabbing dishes .	, who walk in the kitchen and begin watching her and grabbing dishes ?	girls
2162	As she continues cutting , two young girls walk in the kitchen and begin watching her and grabbing dishes .	how many young girls does as she continue cutting , walk in the kitchen and begin watching her and grabbing dishes ?	two
2162	As she continues cutting , two young girls walk in the kitchen and begin watching her and grabbing dishes .	where does as she continue cutting , two young girls walk and begin watching her and grabbing dishes . ?	kitchen
2163	wrestler is in a ring doing a head lock and a man jumps outside the ring and push the men .	who is in the ring doing a head lock and a man jumps outside the ring and push the men ?	wrestler
2163	wrestler is in a ring doing a head lock and a man jumps outside the ring and push the men .	who is wrestler in a ring doing a head lock and jumps outside the ring and push the men ?	man
2164	referee is in the ring and counts the seconds of the wreslers on the floor .	who is in the ring and counts the seconds of the wreslers on the floor ?	referee
2165	A woman is shown hosting a news segment when the camera pans to sunscreen news .	who is shown hosting the news segment when the camera pans to sunscreen news ?	woman
2167	Bottles are shown containing sunscreen and people putting it on .	what are shown containing sunscreen and people putting it on ?	bottles
2168	The reporter talks to people and pans back to shirts used for sunscreen and people traveling around the world .	who talks to people and pans back to shirts used for sunscreen and people traveling around the world ?	reporter
2169	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2170	A man holds a badminton racket in a gym and talks .	who holds the badminton racket in a gym and talks ?	man
2171	The man leans to the left and holds the racket out .	who leans to the left and holds the racket out ?	man
2172	The man turns to the right and shows his back to the camera .	who turns to the right and shows his back to the camera ?	man
2174	The man talks to the camera and the man leans left one more time .	how many more time does the man talks to the camera and the man lean left ?	one
2175	We see the closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2176	A man combs his beard in front of a mirror in his bathroom .	who combs his beard in front of a mirror in his bathroom ?	man
2177	The man reaches down to pick up sizzors then trims his mustache .	who reaches down to pick up sizzors then trims his mustache ?	man
2178	The man picks up lotion which he applies to his neck .	who picks up lotion which he applies to his neck ?	man
2178	The man picks up lotion which he applies to his neck .	what does the man pick up ?	lotion
2179	The man picks up a package of razors and assembles them into his steel razor gadget .	who picks up the package of razors and assembles them into his steel razor gadget ?	man
2180	The man uses his razor to trim his face and beard .	who uses his razor to trim his face and beard ?	man
2180	The man uses his razor to trim his face and beard .	what does the man use ?	razor
2181	The man picks up a package and applies a product to his face .	who picks up the package and applies a product to his face ?	man
2181	The man picks up a package and applies a product to his face .	what does the man apply to his face ?	product
2182	The man uses a towel to wipe down his face .	who uses the towel to wipe down his face ?	man
2182	The man uses a towel to wipe down his face .	what does the man use ?	towel
2183	the man picks up a bottle of oil from the counter and applies it to his beard .	who picks up the bottle of oil from the counter and applies it to his beard ?	man
2184	A large ice glacier is shown in the water .	what is shown in the water ?	glacier
2185	A boat is pulling a person on skis behind the boat .	what is pulling the person on skis behind the boat ?	boat
2187	A man is shown performing a song at Google 's London offices .	who is shown performing the song at google 's london offices ?	man
2188	They are standing inside of an office space and playing the flute .	what are they standing inside of an office space and playing ?	flute
2189	The man starts really getting into it and cheering very passionately a people look on .	who starts really getting into it and cheering very passionately a people look on ?	man
2192	A man in a red shirt is standing next to an exercise machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
2195	A woman straights the hair of a young lady using a brush and a hair dryer .	who straights the hair of a young lady using a brush and a hair dryer ?	woman
2196	The woman holds part of the the hair up , then she curves the hair with and hair iron .	who holds part of the the hair up , then she curves the hair with and hair iron ?	woman
2201	Many characters are shown waving to the runners as well as more shots of people running past characters and going through the finish line and celebrating .	who are shown waving to the runners as well as more shots of people running past characters and going through the finish line and celebrating ?	characters
2202	The person with black apron spray a white foam on the shoes .	what did the person with black apron spray on the shoes ?	foam
2202	The person with black apron spray a white foam on the shoes .	what is the color of the apron ?	black
2202	The person with black apron spray a white foam on the shoes .	what is the color of the foam ?	white
2203	The person brush the shoes with white foam on it .	what is the color of the foam ?	white
2205	A young man is seen standing around a pool followed by several clips of the boy jumping in the pool and swimming around .	who is seen standing around the pool followed by several clips of the boy jumping in the pool and swimming around ?	man
2206	The boy continues to swim all around the pool with a man swimming behind him and the boy smiling to the camera .	who continues to swim all around the pool with a man swimming behind him and the boy smiling to the camera ?	boy
2207	Several pictures of different individual are shown white water rafting as an intro for a video .	what is the color of the water ?	white
2209	The men then stand in the field with their paddles and actually get in the raft demonstrating the proper way to row .	where do the men then get demonstrating the proper way to row . ?	raft
2212	Three kids are making a sand castle on the beach .	who are making the sand castle on the beach ?	kids
2212	Three kids are making a sand castle on the beach .	what are three kids making on the beach ?	castle
2212	Three kids are making a sand castle on the beach .	how many kids are making the sand castle on the beach ?	three
2213	A man is laying next to them on a towel .	who is laying next to them on a towel ?	man
2217	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2219	The man spits in a cup .	who spits in the cup ?	man
2219	The man spits in a cup .	where does the man spit . ?	cup
2220	A lady removes a plaque from the wall .	who removes the plaque from the wall ?	lady
2221	We see a closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
2222	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2223	The man then puts plaster on a base and applies it to the ceiling while on stilts .	who then puts plaster on a base and applies it to the ceiling while on stilts ?	man
2224	The man walks back and forth smoothing the applied plaster .	who walks back and forth smoothing the applied plaster ?	man
2225	The man walks to and turns off the camera .	who walks to and turns off the camera ?	man
2225	The man walks to and turns off the camera .	what does the man turn off ?	camera
2226	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2228	A man picks up a brown boot and brushes it .	who picks up the brown boot and brushes it ?	man
2228	A man picks up a brown boot and brushes it .	what does the man pick up ?	boot
2228	A man picks up a brown boot and brushes it .	what is the color of the boot ?	brown
2229	A man opens an aerosol can and sprays the boot .	who opens an aerosol can and sprays the boot ?	man
2230	A man rubs the products of a black tube on the boot 's sole edge .	who rubs the products of a black tube on the boot 's sole edge ?	man
2230	A man rubs the products of a black tube on the boot 's sole edge .	what is the color of the tube ?	black
2232	A man in a black shirt is standing outside talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
2236	The little boy rolls for his turn and he strikes .	who rolls for his turn and he strikes ?	boy
2240	In the first clip , a much bigger wrestler wrestles a smaller man who ends up winning .	who does in the first clip , wrestle a smaller man who ends up winning ?	wrestler
2240	In the first clip , a much bigger wrestler wrestles a smaller man who ends up winning .	who does in the first clip , a much bigger wrestler wrestle ?	man
2244	A man is tackled by a bull .	who is tackled by the bull ?	man
2245	The man gets up and his mouth is bloody .	who gets up and his mouth is bloody ?	man
2247	A young man is standing on stage and eventually several other boys join in wearing kilts .	who is standing on stage and eventually several other boys join in wearing kilts ?	man
2247	A young man is standing on stage and eventually several other boys join in wearing kilts .	who is the young man standing on stage and eventually join in wearing kilts ?	boys
2249	The boys spin and flip their sticks constantly and continue performing their drumming routine .	who spin and flip their sticks constantly and continue performing their drumming routine ?	boys
2249	The boys spin and flip their sticks constantly and continue performing their drumming routine .	what do the boys spin and flip constantly ?	sticks
2252	Two cats are seen laying on a bed facing one another .	what are seen laying on the bed facing one another ?	cats
2252	Two cats are seen laying on a bed facing one another .	how many cats are seen laying on the bed facing one another ?	two
2253	One cat then begins to lick the other .	what then begins to lick the other ?	cat
2253	One cat then begins to lick the other .	how many cat then begins to lick the other ?	one
2254	The first cat then stops and the other licks afterwards .	what then stops and the other licks afterwards ?	cat
2254	The first cat then stops and the other licks afterwards .	the first cat then what afterwards ?	licks
2259	The man then performs an impressive dive and is followed by several clips of other people diving .	who then performs an impressive dive and is followed by several clips of other people diving ?	man
2259	The man then performs an impressive dive and is followed by several clips of other people diving .	what does the man then perform ?	dive
2260	A teen stand on a track , then he runs and jumps long on a sand box , after the teen stands and walk .	who stand on the track , then he runs and jumps long on a sand box , after the teen stands and walk ?	teen
2262	An athlete performs long jump in the sand box .	who performs long jump in the sand box ?	athlete
2262	An athlete performs long jump in the sand box .	where does an athlete perform long jump . ?	box
2263	Another athlete runs and jumps long over the sand box .	who runs and jumps long over the sand box ?	athlete
2264	There men have chairs and are sitting int he subway way making some music .	what do there men have ?	chairs
2265	One of them is playing guitar and two of them are playing the violin .	what is one of them playing and two of them are playing the violin ?	guitar
2265	One of them is playing guitar and two of them are playing the violin .	what is one of them playing guitar and two of them are playing ?	violin
2268	A man jumps onto two bars .	who jumps onto two bars ?	man
2270	A man in a white jacket watches him perform .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
2273	Two men are seen speaking to the camera followed by several clips of people hitting a ball .	how many men are seen speaking to the camera followed by several clips of people hitting a ball ?	two
2277	A green boat with black and white accents on it is gliding on the water .	what is the color of the boat ?	green
2279	A man is now standing on a waterboard that the blue shoes are attached to and he 's holding a blue rope attached to a triangular handle .	who is now standing on the waterboard that the blue shoes are attached to and he 's holding a blue rope attached to a triangular handle ?	man
2279	A man is now standing on a waterboard that the blue shoes are attached to and he 's holding a blue rope attached to a triangular handle .	what is the color of the shoes ?	blue
2279	A man is now standing on a waterboard that the blue shoes are attached to and he 's holding a blue rope attached to a triangular handle .	what is the color of the rope ?	blue
2280	White words on a black screen show up and read Zucky Wakeboarding 2015 summer and then fades away .	white words on a black screen read zucky wakeboarding how many summer and then fades away ?	2015
2280	White words on a black screen show up and read Zucky Wakeboarding 2015 summer and then fades away .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
2281	The video ends with white words and numbers on a black screen that read - END - editor : 05 .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
2282	A man is sitting on a revolving chair with his one leg folded over the other .	who is sitting on the revolving chair with his one leg folded over the other ?	man
2283	Another man takes a cloth and begins cleaning his black leather shoes with a cloth to make it shiny .	who takes the cloth and begins cleaning his black leather shoes with a cloth to make it shiny ?	man
2283	Another man takes a cloth and begins cleaning his black leather shoes with a cloth to make it shiny .	what is the color of the shoes ?	black
2286	Two jars of liquid appear .	how many jars of liquid appear ?	two
2287	The woman takes a sip of the liquid .	who takes the sip of the liquid ?	woman
2288	The woman prepares the liquid with herbs and sugar in a bowl .	who prepares the liquid with herbs and sugar in a bowl ?	woman
2288	The woman prepares the liquid with herbs and sugar in a bowl .	where does the woman prepare the liquid with herbs and sugar . ?	bowl
2289	The woman pours the liquid in a glass .	who pours the liquid in a glass ?	woman
2290	The woman pours the liquid into jars with ice .	who pours the liquid into jars with ice ?	woman
2291	The woman mixes the concoction .	who mixes the concoction ?	woman
2291	The woman mixes the concoction .	what does the woman mix ?	concoction
2292	The woman drinks the liquid in a jar .	who drinks the liquid in a jar ?	woman
2292	The woman drinks the liquid in a jar .	where does the woman drink the liquid . ?	jar
2294	A woman is shown speaking to the camera and showing various shots of children sitting in a chair and performing on tv .	who is shown speaking to the camera and showing various shots of children sitting in a chair and performing on tv ?	woman
2295	The woman speaks more to the camera and puts a contact into the girls eye .	who speaks more to the camera and puts a contact into the girls eye ?	woman
2296	The girl smiles into a mirror and shows how she takes out the contacts and a reminder on your phone .	who smiles into the mirror and shows how she takes out the contacts and a reminder on your phone ?	girl
2297	One last woman speaks to the camera and the girl cheers and smiles again .	who speaks to the camera and the girl cheers and smiles again ?	woman
2297	One last woman speaks to the camera and the girl cheers and smiles again .	how many last woman speaks to the camera and the girl cheers and smiles again ?	one
2299	The camera then shows a lady skating across the ice .	what then shows the lady skating across the ice ?	camera
2299	The camera then shows a lady skating across the ice .	who does the camera then show skating across the ice ?	lady
2300	Then the camera focuses back onto the curling game showing a lady about to shoot .	what does then focus back onto the curling game showing a lady about to shoot ?	camera
2308	A woman stands in a red dress .	who stands in the red dress ?	woman
2308	A woman stands in a red dress .	what is the color of the dress ?	red
2312	A woman is completing a routine in the olympics on the balance beam .	who is completing the routine in the olympics on the balance beam ?	woman
2317	A girl dives off the diving board and people cheer .	who dives off the diving board and people cheer ?	girl
2320	In the building , there are multiple pool tables and a man begins instructing them on what to do .	what are in the building , there and a man begins instructing them on what to do ?	tables
2320	In the building , there are multiple pool tables and a man begins instructing them on what to do .	who are in the building , there multiple pool tables and begins instructing them on what to do ?	man
2321	Different people begin hitting the balls and the instructor goes over to help them .	who do different people begin and goes over to help them ?	instructor
2325	Many females , some in blue shirts and some in white shirts , run around on a field playing a game .	what is the color of the shirts ?	blue
2325	Many females , some in blue shirts and some in white shirts , run around on a field playing a game .	what is the color of the shirts ?	white
2327	Two referees runs about and down the field with the players .	who runs about and down the field with the players ?	referees
2327	Two referees runs about and down the field with the players .	how many referees runs about and down the field with the players ?	two
2331	A man in a blue sweatshirt walks on the sideline .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	blue
2332	Outside in the yard there is a lady dressed like a cupcake and she is playing a game of cricket .	who is outside in the yard there dressed like a cupcake and she is playing a game of cricket ?	lady
2333	She hits the yellow ball but it does not move very far at all .	what does she hit but it does not move very far at all ?	ball
2333	She hits the yellow ball but it does not move very far at all .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
2336	There is an indoor gym where two contestants are fencing with each other .	how many contestants is there an indoor gym where are fencing with each other ?	two
2337	There is a person dressed in black who is their referee .	what is the color of the person ?	black
2339	Two men dressed in fencing gear continue to fence in the gym .	how many men dressed in fencing gear continue to fence in the gym ?	two
2340	A woman rides a camel holding a rode with her right hand while a man pulls the camel .	who rides the camel holding a rode with her right hand while a man pulls the camel ?	woman
2340	A woman rides a camel holding a rode with her right hand while a man pulls the camel .	what does the woman rid holding a rode with her right hand while a man pulls the camel ?	camel
2342	Two men laugh and bow there heads watching work get done .	how many men laugh and bow there heads watching work get done ?	two
2343	The person paints their friends nails .	who does the person paint ?	nails
2344	The man removes his friends hand and continues working .	who removes his friends hand and continues working ?	man
2344	The man removes his friends hand and continues working .	who does the man remove ?	hand
2346	A coach demonstrates how to block a goal inside of a interior gym in front of a group of young people .	who demonstrates how to block the goal inside of a interior gym in front of a group of young people ?	coach
2347	The children then emulate the training as the camera cuts to the coach talking to the camera .	who then emulate the training as the camera cuts to the coach talking to the camera ?	children
2348	The children continue to play hockey until the screen fades .	who continue to play hockey until the screen fades ?	children
2350	A man uses the cue to shoot the balls into the pockets .	who uses the cue to shoot the balls into the pockets ?	man
2352	He also shoots a wiffle ball on the table , and a marble .	what does he also shoot on the table , and a marble ?	ball
2353	Two men are fighting inside a wrestling ring .	how many men are fighting inside the wrestling ring ?	two
2356	Two people wearing scuba gear are sitting at the edge of a boat with their backs to the water .	two people wearing what are sitting at the edge of a boat with their backs to the water ?	gear
2356	Two people wearing scuba gear are sitting at the edge of a boat with their backs to the water .	how many people is wearing scuba gear are sitting at the edge of a boat with their backs to the water ?	two
2359	A man in a red life vest demonstrates how to paddle in a canoe through gestures and through talking to the camera from a canoe in a body of water .	what is the color of the vest ?	red
2359	A man in a red life vest demonstrates how to paddle in a canoe through gestures and through talking to the camera from a canoe in a body of water .	where does the man demonstrate how to paddle in a canoe through gestures and through talking to the camera from a canoe in a body of water . ?	vest
2360	A man in a red canoe is paddling with one oar in a small body of water while talking to the camera .	what is the color of the canoe ?	red
2360	A man in a red canoe is paddling with one oar in a small body of water while talking to the camera .	where is the man paddling with one oar in a small body of water while talking to the camera . ?	canoe
2361	The man then pushes away from the camera with the paddle and drifts out into the water before paddling back to the camera again .	who then pushes away from the camera with the paddle and drifts out into the water before paddling back to the camera again ?	man
2362	A young kid is smoking a cigarette .	who is smoking the cigarette ?	kid
2362	A young kid is smoking a cigarette .	what is the young kid smoking ?	cigarette
2363	The kid flip the cigarette and tried to put the other end of the cigarette to his mouth .	who flip the cigarette and tried to put the other end of the cigarette to his mouth ?	kid
2363	The kid flip the cigarette and tried to put the other end of the cigarette to his mouth .	what does the kid flip ?	cigarette
2364	The young kid continue to smoke , he make faces and then smoked .	who continue to smoke , he make faces and then smoked ?	kid
2365	A young child is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a glass and walking to a cabinet .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a glass and walking to a cabinet ?	child
2367	She then uses a spoon to drink the water as well as a straw and nodding her head waving .	what does she then use ?	spoon
2368	A man is talking inside a gym .	who is talking inside the gym ?	man
2374	Girls are playing dodge ball outside with only one ball .	who are playing dodge ball outside with only one ball ?	girls
2374	Girls are playing dodge ball outside with only one ball .	what are girls playing outside with only one ball ?	ball
2375	A girl gets hit with the ball .	who gets hit with the ball ?	girl
2376	The girl gets out of the game and goes and holds onto the clothing line .	who gets out of the game and goes and holds onto the clothing line ?	girl
2377	Two old bagpipe players play towards each other .	how many old bagpipe players play towards each other ?	two
2378	One bagpipe player turns .	how many bagpipe player turns ?	one
2381	A man is seated in a chair with a hand drum as another man plays bongos behind him .	who is seated in the chair with a hand drum as another man plays bongos behind him ?	man
2385	We see the vacuum attachment product and see the product in action .	what do we see ?	product
2386	The lady shows each side , and we see her attach the product .	who shows each side , and we see her attach the product ?	lady
2387	We see the lady mopping .	who do we see mopping ?	lady
2389	We see the lady relaxing after cleaning .	who do we see relaxing after cleaning ?	lady
2390	We see the attachment product again .	what do we see again ?	product
2391	We see the lady giving a thumbs up .	who do we see giving a thumbs up ?	lady
2392	The title screen returns to end the video .	what returns to end the video ?	screen
2396	A black bull is taunted with a dummy hanging on a rope as the bull lunges at the dummy .	what is taunted with the dummy hanging on a rope as the bull lunges at the dummy ?	bull
2396	A black bull is taunted with a dummy hanging on a rope as the bull lunges at the dummy .	what is the color of the bull ?	black
2397	A man with a green and white umbrella taunts a black bull on a rope while onlookers also taunt the bull from the side on a wall .	what does the man with a green and white umbrella taunt on a rope ?	bull
2397	A man with a green and white umbrella taunts a black bull on a rope while onlookers also taunt the bull from the side on a wall .	what is the color of the bull ?	black
2398	The black bull lunges at another dummy and the dummy get caught on the bulls horn as the bull runs off after other taunting targets .	what is the color of the lunges ?	black
2399	A young girl is seen sitting front of a piano and playing the instrument with her finger tips .	who is seen sitting front of a piano and playing the instrument with her finger tips ?	girl
2401	A group of girls are gathered in a room .	where are the group of girls gathered . ?	room
2407	A man in a white shirt walks along side the pool .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
2408	A woman holding a dog is standing on a dock .	who is holding a dog is standing on a dock ?	woman
2408	A woman holding a dog is standing on a dock .	the woman holding what is standing on a dock ?	dog
2409	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of her leading an exercise class as well as shots of the studio .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of her leading an exercise class as well as shots of the studio ?	woman
2410	The woman continues riding along on the exercise bike while teaching the class and continuing to speak to the camera .	who continues riding along on the exercise bike while teaching the class and continuing to speak to the camera ?	woman
2412	A client tap with the finger inside a square .	who tap with the finger inside a square ?	client
2419	A man is in a bar demonstrating how to make drinks .	who is in the bar demonstrating how to make drinks ?	man
2422	He shakes the drink together and then pours the mixture into shot glasses .	what does he shake together ?	drink
2423	Finally he puts another liquor into the glasses .	what does finally he put into the glasses ?	liquor
2426	The gymnast then moves himself around the bars and jumps down afterwards .	who then moves himself around the bars and jumps down afterwards ?	gymnast
2427	Another man steps up to the bars and attempts to spin around .	who steps up to the bars and attempts to spin around ?	man
2428	A woman wearing sweat gear and seen trying obtain a light with a lighter .	who gear and seen trying obtain the light with a lighter ?	sweat
2430	A blonde woman in a green sweater is talking .	what is the color of the sweater ?	green
2431	She shows off a plate filled with pasta salad and vegetables .	what does she show off filled with pasta salad and vegetables ?	plate
2432	She shows how she made the pesto sauce in a blender before mixing mini tomatoes in with the pasta .	where does she show how she made the pesto sauce . ?	blender
2436	As they continue rafting , a clear bucket with a black circle with several lines is shown on each raft and the people walk by putting out cigarettes on it .	what is the color of the circle ?	black
2438	People whom are wearing helmets , are paddling a inflated boat down a rocky body of water .	what are people , paddling down a rocky body of water ?	boat
2440	The people stop paddling , and the boat is still .	what do the people stop , and is still ?	boat
2441	A child uses a mop to wash the floor of a home .	who uses the mop to wash the floor of a home ?	child
2441	A child uses a mop to wash the floor of a home .	what does the child use ?	mop
2442	The child twist the mop to turn it over .	who twist the mop to turn it over ?	child
2444	A person washes and peels a potato .	what does the person wash and peels ?	potato
2445	The person rinses the person rinses the peeled potato in a bowl .	where does the person rinse the person rinses the peeled potato . ?	bowl
2446	The person then dices the potato .	what does the person then dice ?	potato
2447	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
2448	A little girl walks into a gym as her name flashes on the screen .	who walks into the gym as her name flashes on the screen ?	girl
2449	The little girl performs a routine with a baton .	who performs the routine with a baton ?	girl
2450	The girl does a flip , throws her baton and catches it while on the ground .	who does the flip , throws her baton and catches it while on the ground ?	girl
2450	The girl does a flip , throws her baton and catches it while on the ground .	what does the girl throw ?	baton
2451	The girl pauses and counts .	who pauses and counts ?	girl
2452	The girl does a split and lays her baton on the ground .	who does the split and lays her baton on the ground ?	girl
2452	The girl does a split and lays her baton on the ground .	what does the girl lay on the ground ?	baton
2453	A man is seen speaking to the camera holding a window washer and begins getting the windows wet .	who is seen speaking to the camera holding a window washer and begins getting the windows wet ?	man
2459	Two people are seen playing a set of bongo drums while singing and looking to the camera .	how many people are seen playing the set of bongo drums while singing and looking to the camera ?	two
2461	A black car pulls int o the newly shoveled driveway and the people continue to shovel snow onto the road outside of their driveway .	what pulls int o the newly shoveled driveway and the people continue to shovel snow onto the road outside of their driveway ?	car
2461	A black car pulls int o the newly shoveled driveway and the people continue to shovel snow onto the road outside of their driveway .	what is the color of the car ?	black
2462	There 's a woman with short brown hair doing makeup tutorial .	what is the color of the hair ?	brown
2468	She takes a pair of eyelash curlers and curls her lashes and then applies some mascara with a brush .	she then applies what with a brush ?	mascara
2470	Then she removes her headband and straightens her hair to finish off her look .	what does then she remove ?	headband
2472	A man is standing on a pair of skis .	who is standing on the pair of skis ?	man
2475	A man is seen holding a small child while looking and smiling to the camera .	who is seen holding the small child while looking and smiling to the camera ?	man
2478	Olympic triple jumps are shown in a stadium .	where are olympic triple jumps shown . ?	stadium
2482	The man then brings out tools and tightens them along the bike and is shown peddling the bike with his hands and showing off the finished bike .	who then brings out tools and tightens them along the bike and is shown peddling the bike with his hands and showing off the finished bike ?	man
2482	The man then brings out tools and tightens them along the bike and is shown peddling the bike with his hands and showing off the finished bike .	the man then brings out what and tightens them along the bike ?	tools
2483	A girl is on a low beam , preparing to flip .	who is on the low beam , preparing to flip ?	girl
2485	A boy walk in the room from the left doorway holding a red stuffed animal sits down at the table then put animal away .	who walk in the room from the left doorway holding a red stuffed animal sits down at the table then put animal away ?	boy
2485	A boy walk in the room from the left doorway holding a red stuffed animal sits down at the table then put animal away .	what is the color of the animal ?	red
2486	A girl walk in the room front the right doorway and sits down at the table .	who walk in the room front the right doorway and sits down at the table ?	girl
2486	A girl walk in the room front the right doorway and sits down at the table .	where do the girl walk . ?	doorway
2488	the girl smiles at the camera sighting her victory then they both get up to exit room from the same sides they entered in from .	who smiles at the camera sighting her victory then they both get up to exit room from the same sides they entered in from ?	girl
2489	Two teams are playing a tug of war , while the referee is at the center and on the side are people taking pictures .	two teams are people taking what ?	pictures
2489	Two teams are playing a tug of war , while the referee is at the center and on the side are people taking pictures .	how many teams are playing a tug of war , while the referee is at the center and on the side are people taking pictures ?	two
2490	There 's a little boy wearing a red Elmo shirt standing on a step stool in the kitchen with his grandmother .	who does there 's wearing a red elmo shirt standing on a step stool in the kitchen with his grandmother ?	boy
2490	There 's a little boy wearing a red Elmo shirt standing on a step stool in the kitchen with his grandmother .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
2491	They are juicing a lemon on an electric juicer that is placed on the kitchen counter near the sink .	what are they juicing on an electric juicer that is placed on the kitchen counter near the sink ?	lemon
2492	the boy seems excited to help his grandmother juice the lemon .	who seems excited to help his grandmother juice the lemon ?	boy
2495	A person starts the mower and it smokes .	what does the person start and it smokes ?	mower
2497	We see the mower from the point of view of the mower .	what do we see from the point of view of the mower ?	mower
2499	The boy mows the lawn .	who mows the lawn ?	boy
2500	We then see the boy walking with the mower .	who do we then see walking with the mower ?	boy
2503	A man plays bongos in an animated fashion while a woman next to him plays the keyboard and a man behind him plays guitar .	who plays bongos in an animated fashion while a woman next to him plays the keyboard and a man behind him plays guitar ?	man
2503	A man plays bongos in an animated fashion while a woman next to him plays the keyboard and a man behind him plays guitar .	what does the man play in an animated fashion ?	bongos
2504	A man next to him begins to hit a stick against a metallic percussion instrument .	who next to him begins to hit a stick against a metallic percussion instrument ?	man
2505	The man playing the bongos knocks one of them over at which point the man next to him sets the bongo upright again .	who is playing the bongos knocks one of them over at which point the man next to him sets the bongo upright again ?	man
2505	The man playing the bongos knocks one of them over at which point the man next to him sets the bongo upright again .	the man playing what knocks one of them over at which point the man next to him sets the bongo upright again ?	bongos
2512	The man then jumps over a beam and onto a mat .	who then jumps over the beam and onto a mat ?	man
2514	She pours several ingredients into a shaker and shakes it .	what does she pour into a shaker ?	ingredients
2516	A dog is put into a bath tub .	what is put into the bath tub ?	dog
2517	A girl pours water onto the dog out of a cup .	who pours water onto the dog out of a cup ?	girl
2518	She rubs shampoo on the dogs fur .	what did she rub on the dogs fur ?	shampoo
2519	She dries the dog off with a towel .	what does she dry off with a towel ?	dog
2520	A woman wearing pajamas is talking and standing on a star decorated stage .	who is wearing pajamas is talking and standing on a star decorated stage ?	woman
2520	A woman wearing pajamas is talking and standing on a star decorated stage .	the woman wearing what is talking and standing on a star decorated stage ?	pajamas
2521	She demonstrates several dance steps as she speaks .	what does she demonstrate ?	steps
2523	There is a team of boys dressed in blue uniforms playing soccer against another team of boys dressed in blue striped uniforms in an indoor gym .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	blue
2523	There is a team of boys dressed in blue uniforms playing soccer against another team of boys dressed in blue striped uniforms in an indoor gym .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	blue
2524	There are several spectators seated on the side watching the players play soccer .	who are there seated on the side watching the players play soccer ?	spectators
2525	The goalie dressed in yellow tries to stop the opponent 's ball .	who dressed in yellow tries to stop the opponent 's ball ?	goalie
2526	There is also another game of soccer between a team dressed in red and a team dressed inn blue .	what is there also another game of soccer between a team dressed in red and a team dressed ?	blue
2527	The first set of teams continue playing the game as the solid blue team scores a goal .	what is the color of the scores ?	blue
2533	Two people are seen riding around horses and leads into more people riding horses and walking around .	how many people are seen riding around horses and leads into more people riding horses and walking around ?	two
2534	A man leads another with a horse around a field while a dog runs around behind him .	who leads another with a horse around a field while a dog runs around behind him ?	man
2535	The camera interviews a man speaking to others while holding the horses .	what interviews the man speaking to others while holding the horses ?	camera
2535	The camera interviews a man speaking to others while holding the horses .	who did the camera interview to others while holding the horses ?	speaking
2536	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a leash in different locations .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a leash in different locations ?	man
2537	The man is then seen walking around a dog and leads into him back inside still speaking to the camera .	who is then seen walking around the dog and leads into him back inside still speaking to the camera ?	man
2539	A man is shown talking to the camera and leads into an athletic girl swinging around on uneven bars .	who is shown talking to the camera and leads into an athletic girl swinging around on uneven bars ?	man
2542	A camera pans over several landscapes located in the desert as well as the night sky moving around .	what pans over several landscapes located in the desert as well as the night sky moving around ?	camera
2543	The sun rises and more shots of landscapes are shown as well as animals in the area .	what rises and more shots of landscapes are shown as well as animals in the area ?	sun
2545	A man 's face is seen close up speaking and leads into him smoking a cigarette .	who face is seen close up speaking and leads into him smoking a cigarette ?	man
2546	The man continues to take drags out of the cigarette while blowing smoke off into the distance .	who continues to take drags out of the cigarette while blowing smoke off into the distance ?	man
2548	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a knife in his hands and begins sharpening the knife along a board .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a knife in his hands and begins sharpening the knife along a board ?	man
2549	The man continues sharpening the blade and then uses other boards to sharpen the knife .	who continues sharpening the blade and then uses other boards to sharpen the knife ?	man
2549	The man continues sharpening the blade and then uses other boards to sharpen the knife .	the man then uses what ?	boards
2550	The woman is shown putting her feet into her shoes while they are tied .	who is shown putting her feet into her shoes while they are tied ?	woman
2554	A camera picks up several candid environment shots picking up lines of palm trees , and a vast cityscape filled with buildings and some foliage .	what picks up several candid environment shots picking up lines of palm trees , and a vast cityscape filled with buildings and some foliage ?	camera
2556	A gymnast is seen looking off into the distance and leads into her hold her arms up .	who is seen looking off into the distance and leads into her hold her arms up ?	gymnast
2558	The girl jumps all around the beam and ends by jumping down and raising her arms up and smiling to the camera .	who jumps all around the beam and ends by jumping down and raising her arms up and smiling to the camera ?	girl
2559	A woman makes a batch of master cleanse drink at the counter in the kitchen using lemons , water , syrup and red pepper .	who makes the batch of master cleanse drink at the counter in the kitchen using lemons , water , syrup and red pepper ?	woman
2560	A woman enters a kitchen , talks to the camera and begins to cut and juice lemons .	who enters the kitchen , talks to the camera and begins to cut and juice lemons ?	woman
2561	The woman then pours the lemon juice into a bottle of water .	who then pours the lemon juice into a bottle of water ?	woman
2561	The woman then pours the lemon juice into a bottle of water .	what does the woman then pour into a bottle of water ?	juice
2562	A man is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment moving himself back and fourth .	who is seen sitting on the piece of exercise equipment moving himself back and fourth ?	man
2563	A dog walks around the man working and ends by the camera facing the ground .	what walks around the man working and ends by the camera facing the ground ?	dog
2564	There two teams of men playing the game of tug of war in a gym .	how many teams are there of men playing the game of tug of war in a gym ?	two
2566	The referee is standing next to the contestants as they continue to pull the rope harder .	who is standing next to the contestants as they continue to pull the rope harder ?	referee
2567	The opposing team pulls harder and the team in the white ends up falling down and losing .	what is the color of the team ?	white
2568	A man is sitting down on the ground fixing a child 's bike .	who is sitting down on the ground fixing a child 's bike ?	man
2569	A kid in a yellow shirt is standing next to him watching .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
2570	A boy in a blue shirt is pushing another bike behind him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
2572	The man gives another cone , then the man takes of the cone and gives back to the man .	who gives another cone , then the man takes of the cone and gives back to the man ?	man
2572	The man gives another cone , then the man takes of the cone and gives back to the man .	what does the man give , then the man takes of the cone and gives back to the man ?	cone
2572	The man gives another cone , then the man takes of the cone and gives back to the man .	who does the man give another cone , then takes of the cone and gives back to the man ?	man
2573	After , the man gives the cone with a napkin , but he takes the cone again , after he gives the ice cream in his mouth .	who does after , give the cone with a napkin , but he takes the cone again , after he gives the ice cream in his mouth ?	man
2574	Finally , the man gives the cone to the man while a crowd watch .	who does finally , give the cone to the man while a crowd watch ?	man
2574	Finally , the man gives the cone to the man while a crowd watch .	what does finally , the man give to the man ?	cone
2576	A guy works on a roof .	who works on the roof ?	guy
2577	A guy removes nails and pieces of the roof .	who removes nails and pieces of the roof ?	guy
2578	A guy removes dirt and twigs from the corner of the roof .	who removes dirt and twigs from the corner of the roof ?	guy
2579	A guy measures and cuts pieces for the roof .	who measures and cuts pieces for the roof ?	guy
2581	A skillet is on a stove with ingredients on the counter alongside it .	what is on the stove with ingredients on the counter alongside it ?	skillet
2582	Someone puts onions in the skillet and beats eggs and other ingredients into a bowl before adding them to the skillet too .	what does someone put in the skillet ?	onions
2582	Someone puts onions in the skillet and beats eggs and other ingredients into a bowl before adding them to the skillet too .	where does someone put onions . ?	skillet
2583	He flips the eggs , making an omelette .	what does he flip , ?	eggs
2584	He flips the omelette gently onto a plate for serving .	what does he flip gently onto a plate for serving ?	omelette
2585	A white cat is sleeping on terra cotta tiles .	what is sleeping on terra cotta tiles ?	cat
2585	A white cat is sleeping on terra cotta tiles .	what is the color of the cat ?	white
2587	A woman takes the cats paws , clipping them gently with a clipper until they are finished .	who takes the cats paws , clipping them gently with a clipper until they are finished ?	woman
2589	The camera pans around the beach and back to the people playing with one another passing the ball around .	what pans around the beach and back to the people playing with one another passing the ball around ?	camera
2590	A man kneels down on a blue mat and raises a bar above his head .	who kneels down on the blue mat and raises a bar above his head ?	man
2590	A man kneels down on a blue mat and raises a bar above his head .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
2592	A woman is sitting in a chair .	who is sitting in the chair ?	woman
2592	A woman is sitting in a chair .	where is the woman sitting . ?	chair
2594	The woman looks up at the camera .	who looks up at the camera ?	woman
2597	Several athletes stand in the arena .	who stand in the arena ?	athletes
2598	The athletes throw discs on the field .	who throw discs on the field ?	athletes
2600	The boy mows over some small flowers in the grass .	who mows over some small flowers in the grass ?	boy
2602	She blows out all of the smoke that she inhaled , she is laying in bed by herself relaxing .	where did she blow out all of the smoke she inhaled , she is laying . ?	bed
2605	A runner is running on a track in front of a crowd of people .	who is running on the track in front of a crowd of people ?	runner
2606	A man is shown talking to the camera .	who is shown talking to the camera ?	man
2607	Runners are running down a track with crowds on both sides and one of the runners stumbles .	who are running down the track with crowds on both sides and one of the runners stumbles ?	runners
2608	Another runner is shown and a man is shown talking to the camera .	who is shown and the man is shown talking to the camera ?	runner
2608	Another runner is shown and a man is shown talking to the camera .	who is another runner shown and is shown talking to the camera ?	man
2609	A runner is crawling across a finish line while other runners are running through the finish line .	who is crawling across the finish line while other runners are running through the finish line ?	runner
2610	The distressed runner is carried away .	who is carried away ?	runner
2612	A man is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	man
2613	Various runners are shown in distress and talking to the camera .	who are shown in distress and talking to the camera ?	runners
2618	Two men are shown performing an arm wrestling match with many watching on the sidelines and a ref calling who the winner is .	how many men are shown performing an arm wrestling match with many watching on the sidelines and a ref calling who the winner is ?	two
2621	Then , a man and a boy jumps over , then kids stands on their head an spin around .	who does then , the man and a boy jump over , then stands on their head an spin around ?	kids
2624	A woman grooms an angry poodle who is collared and tethered to a pole attached to a black grooming table .	who grooms an angry poodle who is collared and tethered to a pole attached to a black grooming table ?	woman
2624	A woman grooms an angry poodle who is collared and tethered to a pole attached to a black grooming table .	what does the woman groom ?	poodle
2624	A woman grooms an angry poodle who is collared and tethered to a pole attached to a black grooming table .	what is the color of the table ?	black
2625	A brown poodle is being combed by a woman in a yellow walled room on a black grooming table .	what is being combed by the woman in a yellow walled room on a black grooming table ?	poodle
2625	A brown poodle is being combed by a woman in a yellow walled room on a black grooming table .	what is the color of the poodle ?	brown
2625	A brown poodle is being combed by a woman in a yellow walled room on a black grooming table .	what is the color of the room ?	yellow
2625	A brown poodle is being combed by a woman in a yellow walled room on a black grooming table .	what is the color of the table ?	black
2626	The woman holds out a pink plastic toy which the dog begins to bite , snap and grab at while the woman combs the poodles fur .	who holds out the pink plastic toy which the dog begins to bite , snap and grab at while the woman combs the poodles fur ?	woman
2626	The woman holds out a pink plastic toy which the dog begins to bite , snap and grab at while the woman combs the poodles fur .	what does the woman hold out ?	toy
2627	The poodle continues to snap at the pink toy and also at the woman 's hand and the comb .	what continues to snap at the pink toy and also at the woman 's hand and the comb ?	poodle
2628	A gymnast mounts a low beam in a gym .	who mounts the low beam in a gym ?	gymnast
2628	A gymnast mounts a low beam in a gym .	where does the gymnast mount a low beam . ?	gym
2631	A woman is standing by a bathroom door talking .	who is standing by the bathroom door talking ?	woman
2632	The same woman is now seen on a stationary bicycle teaching a spin class .	who is now seen on the stationary bicycle teaching a spin class ?	woman
2634	The woman is then shown on the ground demonstrating an exercise .	who is then shown on the ground demonstrating an exercise ?	woman
2636	The instructor then does floor exercises again with the class following along .	who then does floor exercises again with the class following along ?	instructor
2638	A lady stands and talks in a gym .	who stands and talks in the gym ?	lady
2638	A lady stands and talks in a gym .	where does the lady stand and talks . ?	gym
2640	The lady holds the bench and and lifts her abdomen and legs .	who holds the bench and and lifts her abdomen and legs ?	lady
2641	The lady sits up and scoots to the edge .	who sits up and scoots to the edge ?	lady
2642	The lady performs the same exercise with her butt hanging off the bench .	who performs the same exercise with her butt hanging off the bench ?	lady
2643	The lady finishes , sits upright and speaks .	who finishes , sits upright and speaks ?	lady
2644	A woman is seen hosting a news segment that leads into clips of fire fighters running down a block and carrying objects over their heads .	who is seen hosting the news segment that leads into clips of fire fighters running down a block and carrying objects over their heads ?	woman
2647	The individual sets aside the shovel and walks towards the camera .	what does the individual set aside ?	shovel
2648	The camera once again shows the individual shoveling .	what once again shows the individual shoveling ?	camera
2649	a man in a grey warm up suit practices shot put behind a net .	what is the color of the practices ?	gray
2650	Another man in a green sweatshirt practices a shot put throw in a field behind a net gate .	what is the color of the practices ?	green
2653	A man is seen decorating a cake blindfolded while a small group of people watch .	who is seen decorating the cake blindfolded while a small group of people watch ?	man
2654	The man adds frosting to the cake while others continue to watch as well as other ingredients .	who adds frosting to the cake while others continue to watch as well as other ingredients ?	man
2656	A man is outside on the roof of his shed with a leaf blower ready to clean the leaves off the roof .	who is outside on the roof of his shed with a leaf blower ready to clean the leaves off the roof ?	man
2657	He shows a close up of the leaf blower and explains the specifics of it , primes the machine , sets the camera down and starts it .	what does he prim ?	machine
2657	He shows a close up of the leaf blower and explains the specifics of it , primes the machine , sets the camera down and starts it .	what does he set down ?	camera
2658	He picks up the camera and gets a close up of the leaf blower again .	what does he pick up ?	camera
2659	He now blows the leaves off of the roof of his shed .	what did he now blow off of the roof of his shed ?	leaves
2660	A man is getting dressed to ski in the falling snow .	who is getting dressed to ski in the falling snow ?	man
2663	A man is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a chair and putting his arms up every now and then .	who is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a chair and putting his arms up every now and then ?	man
2663	A man is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a chair and putting his arms up every now and then .	where is the man seen speaking to the camera while sitting and putting his arms up every now and then . ?	chair
2664	He then plays a harmonica moving his hands around while pausing to speak to the camera and ends up speaking and pointing .	what does he then play moving his hands around while pausing to speak to the camera ?	harmonica
2665	A man is seen standing beside a bull and holding up a red flag .	who is seen standing beside the bull and holding up a red flag ?	man
2665	A man is seen standing beside a bull and holding up a red flag .	what is the color of the flag ?	red
2666	The bull is then shown attacking several men in many clips .	what is then shown attacking several men in many clips ?	bull
2668	A woman is sitting and talking in front of a laptop .	who is sitting and talking in front of a laptop ?	woman
2671	A man is standing in his uniform in a desert like area talking .	who is standing in his uniform in a desert like area talking ?	man
2674	A little girl is standing in front of a hopscotch game in her living room .	who is standing in front of a hopscotch game in her living room ?	girl
2677	A man fasten his legs on a pole of a sail boat an lay down on his back on the border of the boat .	who fasten his legs on a pole of a sail boat an lay down on his back on the border of the boat ?	man
2678	Then , the man sail the boat holding a rope and lay down on the border of the boat .	then , who sail the boat holding a rope and lay down on the border of the boat ?	man
2678	Then , the man sail the boat holding a rope and lay down on the border of the boat .	what do then , the man sail ?	boat
2679	The man falls in the water , then he gets up in the boat and continues sailing on his back .	who falls in the water , then he gets up in the boat and continues sailing on his back ?	man
2679	The man falls in the water , then he gets up in the boat and continues sailing on his back .	where does the man fall in the water , then he gets up and continues sailing on his back . ?	boat
2681	A man appears treading water as he is waiting to get out of the water and walk up a set of stairs .	who appears treading water as he is waiting to get out of the water and walk up a set of stairs ?	man
2682	He finally gets off the stairs and joins the others who are on the wooden diving board .	what does he finally get off ?	stairs
2685	Various title screens are shown and eventually the same picture of the coffee cup appears while soft music plays in the background .	what are shown and eventually the same picture of the coffee cup appears while soft music plays in the background ?	screens
2689	A lady hula hoops to music .	who hoops to music ?	hula
2692	A man jumps of a boat with his waterboard .	who jumps of the boat with his waterboard ?	man
2693	A guy uses a hula hoop as a jump rope .	who uses the hula hoop as a jump rope ?	guy
2693	A guy uses a hula hoop as a jump rope .	what does the guy use as a jump rope ?	hoop
2696	Two adults run in a wooden , hollow cylinder .	who run in the wooden , hollow cylinder ?	adults
2696	Two adults run in a wooden , hollow cylinder .	how many adults run in the wooden , hollow cylinder ?	two
2697	An individual back flips off a boat .	what does an individual back flip off ?	boat
2699	People jump off an inflated boat .	what do people jump off ?	boat
2703	Then , the man pushes the teen to the water who has trouble to swim .	who does then , push the teen to the water who has trouble to swim ?	man
2703	Then , the man pushes the teen to the water who has trouble to swim .	who does then , the man push to the water who has trouble to swim ?	teen
2704	After , the man gets in the water and flip the teen .	after , who gets in the water and flip the teen ?	man
2704	After , the man gets in the water and flip the teen .	who do after , the man flip ?	teen
2705	The teen gets out the swimming pool and throws chair to the man .	who gets out the swimming pool and throws chair to the man ?	teen
2705	The teen gets out the swimming pool and throws chair to the man .	what does the teen get out swimming ?	pool
2705	The teen gets out the swimming pool and throws chair to the man .	what does the teen throw to the man ?	chair
2706	Next , the teen walks away angry , and the men and the woman take the chairs out of the pool .	who does next , walk away angry , and the men and the woman take the chairs out of the pool ?	teen
2711	A woman is holding a baby in her lap as a woman next to her uses a plastic comb to brush his hair .	who is holding the baby in her lap as a woman next to her uses a plastic comb to brush his hair ?	woman
2712	She talks to the baby as she brushes , and the baby watches her intently .	who does she talk to the baby , and watches her intently ?	baby
2713	A man lifts a girl up over his head , then over his shoulder .	who lifts the girl up over his head , then over his shoulder ?	man
2713	A man lifts a girl up over his head , then over his shoulder .	who does the man lift up over his head , then over his shoulder ?	girl
2717	We see the vast ocean water around us .	what do we see around us ?	water
2720	A bull runs out on the field .	what runs out on the field ?	bull
2721	A bull rams a wall where the matador is standing .	what rams the wall where the matador is standing ?	bull
2721	A bull rams a wall where the matador is standing .	what does the bull ram ?	wall
2722	The matador teases the bull with a red cloth .	who teases the bull with a red cloth ?	matador
2722	The matador teases the bull with a red cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	red
2723	We see the ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2727	A person is putting salad into a clear bowl .	what is the person putting into a clear bowl ?	salad
2728	They grab an orange pepper from a pile .	what do they grab from a pile ?	pepper
2728	They grab an orange pepper from a pile .	what is the color of the pepper ?	orange
2729	They chop the pepper in half .	what do they chop in half ?	pepper
2730	A man talks and then walks in the street until to arrive to an ice cream shop .	who talks and then walks in the street until to arrive to an ice cream shop ?	man
2731	A woman shows a chocolate and vanilla ice cream cones , and a girl likes an ice cream .	who shows the chocolate and vanilla ice cream cones , and a girl likes an ice cream ?	woman
2731	A woman shows a chocolate and vanilla ice cream cones , and a girl likes an ice cream .	who does the woman show a chocolate and vanilla ice cream cones , and likes an ice cream ?	girl
2733	The man lick an ice in the shop , then he pretends to lick an ice cream in a picture .	who lick an ice in the shop , then he pretends to lick an ice cream in a picture ?	man
2733	The man lick an ice in the shop , then he pretends to lick an ice cream in a picture .	where do the man lick an ice , then he pretends to lick an ice cream in a picture . ?	shop
2734	A woman is shown speaking to the camera and point off into the distance .	who is shown speaking to the camera and point off into the distance ?	woman
2735	The camera pans out into another man standing on the court and two basketballs shown .	what pans out into another man standing on the court and two basketballs shown ?	camera
2742	People are shown water skiing in the clear blue waters .	what is the color of the waters ?	blue
2744	One group of people are seen swimming while hundreds of people cheer and many people look to the camera and smile .	how many group of people are seen swimming while hundreds of people cheer and many people look to the camera and smile ?	one
2745	Another man shakes the hand of an athlete and he waves while shaking the hands of others and people applauding .	who shakes the hand of an athlete and he waves while shaking the hands of others and people applauding ?	man
2746	A woman sits on a couch and clips the front and back paws of an orange and a black and white cat as they sit in her lap .	who sits on the couch and clips the front and back paws of an orange and a black and white cat as they sit in her lap ?	woman
2747	An orange cat stands on a couch and sniffs the cushions .	what stands on the couch and sniffs the cushions ?	cat
2747	An orange cat stands on a couch and sniffs the cushions .	what does an orange cat sniff ?	cushions
2747	An orange cat stands on a couch and sniffs the cushions .	what is the color of the cat ?	orange
2748	A woman sits down on the couch and puts the orange cat in her lap and begins to clip the front and back paws of the cat .	who sits down on the couch and puts the orange cat in her lap and begins to clip the front and back paws of the cat ?	woman
2748	A woman sits down on the couch and puts the orange cat in her lap and begins to clip the front and back paws of the cat .	the woman puts what in her lap and begins to clip the front and back paws of the cat ?	cat
2748	A woman sits down on the couch and puts the orange cat in her lap and begins to clip the front and back paws of the cat .	what is the color of the cat ?	orange
2749	Various pictures are shown of people close up in an area as well as people riding around on a camel .	what are shown of people close up in an area as well as people riding around on a camel ?	pictures
2751	In the end the camels are seen wandering around one another and a picture of everyone standing together .	what are in the end seen wandering around one another and a picture of everyone standing together ?	camels
2752	A man is seen speaking to the camera and pointing to a table and laying out cards .	who is seen speaking to the camera and pointing to a table and laying out cards ?	man
2753	He then performs a game of black jack while moving the cards and dice around while still speaking to the camera .	what is the color of the while ?	black
2754	A woman shows how to clean a shirt with a steam machine while talking .	who shows how to clean the shirt with a steam machine while talking ?	woman
2755	The woman finish cleaning the shirt and takes it off from a hanger and put on the iron board .	who finish cleaning the shirt and takes it off from a hanger and put on the iron board ?	woman
2756	After , the woman shows a container , then gabs the steam machine and shows while talking .	what does , then gab ?	machine
2757	A person is spray painting bars that are taped together different colors .	what is the person ?	bars
2759	A man is talking as he looks at a bicycle .	who is talking as he looks at a bicycle ?	man
2760	He places a speed control tool on the handlebar of the bike .	what does he place on the handlebar of the bike ?	tool
2762	A man is seen sitting on a stool while holing a guitar in his hands .	who is seen sitting on the stool while holing a guitar in his hands ?	man
2763	The camera pans closely around the guitar while the man continues to speak .	what pans closely around the guitar while the man continues to speak ?	camera
2764	The man then plays the guitar a bit and moves his hands up and down the neck .	who then plays the guitar a bit and moves his hands up and down the neck ?	man
2767	Several more clips are shown of people riding around on horses as well as pictures inbetween and more close ups of horses .	what are shown of people riding around on horses as well as pictures inbetween and more close ups of horses ?	clips
2768	A lady bents over slightly in an outdoor court .	who bents over slightly in an outdoor court ?	lady
2769	The lady rises and turns .	who rises and turns ?	lady
2770	The lady release her hand from her neck .	who release her hand from her neck ?	lady
2771	A man is seen swimming in a pool while passing a ball to a dog back and fourth .	who is seen swimming in the pool while passing a ball to a dog back and fourth ?	man
2772	The man continues to pass the ball while the dog hits it right back .	who continues to pass the ball while the dog hits it right back ?	man
2774	A man is shown receiving a hair cut and styling in sped up time .	who is shown receiving the hair cut and styling in sped up time ?	man
2777	The camera shows him doing various moves and interviewing the camera .	what shows him doing various moves and interviewing the camera ?	camera
2778	Another man rides a wakeboard doing and tricks and eventually falls .	who rides the wakeboard doing and tricks and eventually falls ?	man
2778	Another man rides a wakeboard doing and tricks and eventually falls .	what does another man rid doing and tricks ?	wakeboard
2779	Several other clips are shown of people kayaking doing several stunts while the camera records .	what are shown of people kayaking doing several stunts while the camera records ?	clips
2780	A man is cutting an onion with a knife on a cutting board .	who is cutting an onion with a knife on a cutting board ?	man
2780	A man is cutting an onion with a knife on a cutting board .	what is the man cutting with a knife on a cutting board ?	onion
2781	A woman is reading a newspaper nearby while he speaks to her and shows her something in his hand .	who is reading the newspaper nearby while he speaks to her and shows her something in his hand ?	woman
2782	The man sharpens his knives using an electric tool .	who sharpens his knives using an electric tool ?	man
2782	The man sharpens his knives using an electric tool .	what does the man sharpen ?	knives
2784	A woman is standing on a diving board .	who is standing on the diving board ?	woman
2790	Three winners are crowned at the end in a ceremony .	who are crowned at the end in a ceremony ?	winners
2790	Three winners are crowned at the end in a ceremony .	how many winners are crowned at the end in a ceremony ?	three
2791	A man is seen holding a flag while others stand around him and a runner comes into frame .	who is seen holding the flag while others stand around him and a runner comes into frame ?	man
2791	A man is seen holding a flag while others stand around him and a runner comes into frame .	who is the man seen and comes into frame ?	runner
2792	The runner takes several jumps and lands into a pit all in slow motion .	who takes several jumps and lands into a pit all in slow motion ?	runner
2800	When they are done they stop by a red railing , the worker taps the camel on the face while the rider get off .	who did , tap the camel on the face while the rider get off ?	worker
2800	When they are done they stop by a red railing , the worker taps the camel on the face while the rider get off .	what did , the worker tap on the face ?	camel
2800	When they are done they stop by a red railing , the worker taps the camel on the face while the rider get off .	what is the color of the railing ?	red
2801	A woman is standing on a piano .	who is standing on the piano ?	woman
2802	A person is playing the piano .	what is the person playing ?	piano
2803	The piano turns and a woman is standing behind it .	what turns and the woman is standing behind it ?	piano
2803	The piano turns and a woman is standing behind it .	who does the piano turn and is standing behind it ?	woman
2804	We see a dark opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2810	Two men take a bow .	how many men take the bow ?	two
2814	A close up of a blue hookah is shown bottom to top .	what is the color of the hookah ?	blue
2815	The bowl is shown , then the hookah is filled with water by gloves .	what is shown , then the hookah is filled with water by gloves ?	bowl
2815	The bowl is shown , then the hookah is filled with water by gloves .	what is the bowl shown , then is filled with water by gloves ?	hookah
2816	The hose is attached to the hookah .	what is attached to the hookah ?	hose
2819	We see a man at a table in a field juicing a fruit to make a juice .	who do we see at a table in a field juicing a fruit to make a juice ?	man
2820	The man juices 2 fruit then puts sugar in in two glasses .	what 2 fruit then puts sugar in in two glasses ?	juices
2820	The man juices 2 fruit then puts sugar in in two glasses .	what does the man juices 2 fruit then put in in two glasses ?	sugar
2820	The man juices 2 fruit then puts sugar in in two glasses .	how many fruit does the man juices then put sugar in in two glasses ?	two
2821	The man then cuts and juices four more fruit .	who then cuts and juices four more fruit ?	man
2821	The man then cuts and juices four more fruit .	what does the man then cut and juices ?	fruit
2821	The man then cuts and juices four more fruit .	how many more fruit does the man then cut and juices ?	four
2822	The man adds more sugar to the glasses and ice water from the bucket under the fruit .	who adds more sugar to the glasses and ice water from the bucket under the fruit ?	man
2822	The man adds more sugar to the glasses and ice water from the bucket under the fruit .	what does the man add to the glasses and ice water from the bucket under the fruit ?	sugar
2825	The man opens a box full of stone and lays down some plaster on a wall .	who opens the box full of stone and lays down some plaster on a wall ?	man
2827	A boy is sitting in a salon chair and talking .	who is sitting in the salon chair and talking ?	boy
2827	A boy is sitting in a salon chair and talking .	where is the boy sitting and talking . ?	chair
2828	A stylist cuts his hair into a new style .	who cuts his hair into a new style ?	stylist
2830	man is interviewing some people who is watching two women in bikini wrestling , the woman wins and start jumping .	who is interviewing some people who is watching two women in bikini wrestling , the woman wins and start jumping ?	man
2830	man is interviewing some people who is watching two women in bikini wrestling , the woman wins and start jumping .	who is man interviewing some people is watching how many women in bikini wrestling ?	two
2831	two women in bikini are standing with a dwarf and he is winning the fight while the interviewer is talking to people in the audience .	how many women in bikini are standing with a dwarf ?	two
2834	A girl is playing with sand on a beach .	who is playing with sand on a beach ?	girl
2837	A man is demonstrating how to play without a paddle .	who is demonstrating how to play without the paddle ?	man
2838	Two people start playing a game of ping pong .	how many people start playing the game of ping pong ?	two
2839	two men are sitting on round tables talking in microphones .	how many men are sitting on round tables talking in microphones ?	two
2842	A man stands next to a small roof .	who stands next to the small roof ?	man
2846	A woman braids her hair in several braids .	who braids her hair in several braids ?	woman
2848	A gymnast performs uneven bars routine while people watch .	who performs uneven bars routine while people watch ?	gymnast
2849	The judge supervises the routine of the gymnast .	who supervises the routine of the gymnast ?	judge
2850	Then , the gymnast spins holding the higher bar and jumps stand on the mat .	who does then , spin holding the higher bar and jumps stand on the mat ?	gymnast
2851	A person is slicing a potato .	what is the person slicing ?	potato
2852	They stack up the potato slices and start chopping them into tiny pieces .	what do they stack up ?	slices
2853	He sets the pieces on a plate sitting in a sink .	what does he set on a plate sitting in a sink ?	pieces
2855	He empties the plates into a pot .	what does he empty into a pot ?	plates
2856	He stirs everything in the pot together .	where does he stir everything together . ?	pot
2859	A man in a blue shirt and shorts lifts a large weight over his head .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
2860	Another man is filming it .	who is filming it ?	man
2861	The same man comes back and lifts the weight over his head again .	who comes back and lifts the weight over his head again ?	man
2864	men taking off their glasses and shave the half of their faces while a woman is putting some makeup on them , doing their eyebrows and putting some eyeliner and lashes .	men taking off what and shave the half of their faces while a woman is putting some makeup on them , doing their eyebrows and putting some eyeliner and lashes ?	glasses
2867	An older man is seen in a gym speaking to the camera while men play volleyball in the background .	who is seen in the gym speaking to the camera while men play volleyball in the background ?	man
2868	A simulated screen showing a volleyball court shows while he speaks .	what is showing a volleyball court shows while he speaks ?	screen
2872	An Asian girl sitting at a desk describes arm wrestling .	who is sitting at a desk describes arm wrestling ?	girl
2873	the girl introduces An Asian boy who sits across from the Asian girl .	who introduces an asian boy who sits across from the asian girl ?	girl
2873	the girl introduces An Asian boy who sits across from the Asian girl .	who does the girl introduce ?	boy
2876	The girl wrestler tries to wrestle using both arms and her body but falls to the floor .	who tries to wrestle using both arms and her body but falls to the floor ?	wrestler
2877	Three men are seen sitting behind a set of bongo drums playing quickly while several camera flashes are shown .	how many men are seen sitting behind the set of bongo drums playing quickly while several camera flashes are shown ?	three
2879	A teenaged boy jumps on a skateboard , skating across a street and up a driveway before going back onto the street .	who jumps on the skateboard , skating across a street and up a driveway before going back onto the street ?	boy
2882	A teen plays violin in a room .	who plays violin in a room ?	teen
2882	A teen plays violin in a room .	where does the teen play violin . ?	room
2883	The teen holds the violin with the left hand moving the fingers and playing with the bow .	who holds the violin with the left hand moving the fingers and playing with the bow ?	teen
2883	The teen holds the violin with the left hand moving the fingers and playing with the bow .	what does the teen hold with the left hand moving the fingers and playing with the bow ?	violin
2884	Then , the teen end playing the violin .	who do then , end playing the violin ?	teen
2885	A man is on the beach with a bike .	who is on the beach with a bike ?	man
2889	The man begins to fight with another man .	who begins to fight with another man ?	man
2892	After the fighting continues another man shows up in the room and escorts the man in the suit out .	who shows up in the room and escorts the man in the suit out ?	man
2892	After the fighting continues another man shows up in the room and escorts the man in the suit out .	who does another man escort in the suit out ?	man
2892	After the fighting continues another man shows up in the room and escorts the man in the suit out .	where does after the fighting continue another man shows up and escorts the man in the suit out . ?	room
2893	People shovels the snow using a wheeled snow shovel .	people shovels the snow using what ?	shovel
2894	Then , a man demonstrates how to shovel the snow , the he uses a bag .	what does then , , the he use ?	bag
2895	A woman is holding a cat onto a table .	who is holding the cat onto a table ?	woman
2895	A woman is holding a cat onto a table .	what is the woman holding onto a table ?	cat
2897	She finishes and pets the cat .	what does she finish and pets ?	cat
2900	A little girl is doing more houses next to the castle .	who is doing more houses next to the castle ?	girl
2900	A little girl is doing more houses next to the castle .	what is the little girl doing next to the castle ?	houses
2901	The man digs a hole in the center while the boy help extend the castle .	who digs the hole in the center while the boy help extend the castle ?	man
2901	The man digs a hole in the center while the boy help extend the castle .	what does the man dig in the center ?	hole
2902	A woman walks on the street wearing a cap .	who walks on the street wearing a cap ?	woman
2903	A city is zoom in a map , then a girl performs water sky in a river pulled by a boat while flipping in the air .	who is the city zoom in a map , then performs water sky in a river pulled by a boat while flipping in the air ?	girl
2903	A city is zoom in a map , then a girl performs water sky in a river pulled by a boat while flipping in the air .	what is the city zoom in a map , then a girl performs in a river pulled by a boat while flipping in the air ?	sky
2903	A city is zoom in a map , then a girl performs water sky in a river pulled by a boat while flipping in the air .	where is the city zoom , then a girl performs water sky in a river pulled by a boat while flipping in the air . ?	map
2904	A road is leading to a water ski station , then a woman slides on ramps in the water holding a water ski rope .	what is leading to the water ski station , then a woman slides on ramps in the water holding a water ski rope ?	road
2904	A road is leading to a water ski station , then a woman slides on ramps in the water holding a water ski rope .	who is the road leading to a water ski station , then slides on ramps in the water holding a water ski rope ?	woman
2905	A man takes pictures to the girl .	who takes pictures to the girl ?	man
2906	Then the girl change clothes and stand on a truck holding prizes .	then who change clothes and stand on a truck holding prizes ?	girl
2906	Then the girl change clothes and stand on a truck holding prizes .	what do then the girl change ?	clothes
2907	woman is standing in a racetrack and start running to make a long jump .	who is standing in the racetrack and start running to make a long jump ?	woman
2908	man stands and marks the space where the woman jumped .	who stands and marks the space where the woman jumped ?	man
2910	We see a opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
2911	We see a man holding a vacuum and using the vacuum to hold two bowling balls .	we see a man holding a vacuum and using the vacuum to hold how many bowling balls ?	two
2912	The man vacuums stairs and a car interior .	who vacuums stairs and a car interior ?	man
2914	We see the man empty the canister and put the vacuum in a closet .	where do we see the man empty the canister and put the vacuum . ?	closet
2915	There are two young boys , one dressed in a red shirt and the other in a striped shirt at a bowling alley .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
2916	The boy in the red shirt bowls with a large green ball and hits a strike .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
2916	The boy in the red shirt bowls with a large green ball and hits a strike .	what is the color of the ball ?	green
2918	A woman is dancing on a stage .	who is dancing on the stage ?	woman
2919	She picks up a microphone and starts singing .	what does she pick up ?	microphone
2921	A lady stands at the end of a hopscotch court .	who stands at the end of a hopscotch court ?	lady
2922	The lady then jumps across the hopscotch court towards the right .	who then jumps across the hopscotch court towards the right ?	lady
2923	The lady then hops back where she started .	who then hops back where she started ?	lady
2924	Young people carry inflatable boats and get in the water .	what do young people carry ?	boats
2927	There are several men playing Foos ball in an indoor room that has wooden panels .	there are several men playing what in an indoor room that has wooden panels ?	ball
2929	A woman is standing in her kitchen in front of a counter .	who is standing in her kitchen in front of a counter ?	woman
2931	She boils pasta in a pot , draining it .	where does she boil pasta , draining it . ?	pot
2936	The lady rinses her dishes and puts them on a shelf .	who rinses her dishes and puts them on a shelf ?	lady
2936	The lady rinses her dishes and puts them on a shelf .	what does the lady rinse ?	dishes
2939	We then see the closing credits screen .	what do we then see closing ?	screen
2940	A man wearing a black shirts with a graphic design is seated near a table with liquor bottles and a shaker .	who is wearing a black shirts with a graphic design is seated near a table with liquor bottles and a shaker ?	man
2940	A man wearing a black shirts with a graphic design is seated near a table with liquor bottles and a shaker .	the man wearing what with a graphic design is seated near a table with liquor bottles and a shaker ?	shirts
2940	A man wearing a black shirts with a graphic design is seated near a table with liquor bottles and a shaker .	what is the color of the shirts ?	black
2942	He picks up the liquor bottles that he will be using for the drinks .	what does he pick up ?	bottles
2943	He uses the jigger to measure and then pour the necessary ingredients into the shaker .	what does he use ?	jigger
2946	Then he shakes beverage vigorously and pours into a conical glass .	what does then he shake vigorously ?	beverage
2947	He then tops the drink with whipped cream from a can and puts a cherry on the top .	what does he then put on the top ?	cherry
2952	A man is seen sitting in the water in a kayak speaking to the camera .	who is seen sitting in the water in a kayak speaking to the camera ?	man
2953	The man continues speaking while holding a paddle in his hands .	who continues speaking while holding the paddle in his hands ?	man
2955	The woman puts solids on a big bowl and then add the wet mix , oil and milk , then mix with an spatula .	who puts solids on a big bowl and then add the wet mix , oil and milk , then mix with an spatula ?	woman
2956	After , the woman puts the mix in a greased baking pan and make a syrup with orange juice in a pot .	what do pan and make with orange juice in a pot ?	syrup
2956	After , the woman puts the mix in a greased baking pan and make a syrup with orange juice in a pot .	what is the color of the juice ?	orange
2957	Next , she put the baking cake on a dish and put syrup on top .	what did next , she put on a dish and put syrup on top ?	cake
2958	An elderly man is standing in a small room and is plastering a ceiling where he starts in the middle of the room .	who is standing in the small room and is plastering a ceiling where he starts in the middle of the room ?	man
2958	An elderly man is standing in a small room and is plastering a ceiling where he starts in the middle of the room .	what is an elderly man plastering ?	ceiling
2958	An elderly man is standing in a small room and is plastering a ceiling where he starts in the middle of the room .	where is an elderly man standing . ?	room
2960	The man then stops plastering , and while still talking he faces towards the direction of the camera .	who then stops plastering , and while still talking he faces towards the direction of the camera ?	man
2961	A man with a orange shirt and black hat with glasses are outside standing in front of a green tree .	what is the color of the tree ?	green
2962	A lawn is shown and then the man begins to mow his lawn .	who is the lawn shown and then begins to mow his lawn ?	man
2964	A man standing or sitting behind a chopping board with vegetables on it equips a forearm-mounted knife .	who is standing or sitting behind a chopping board with vegetables on it equips a forearm-mounted knife ?	man
2964	A man standing or sitting behind a chopping board with vegetables on it equips a forearm-mounted knife .	what is the man standing or sitting behind a chopping board with vegetables on it equips ?	knife
2965	The man talks to the camera while pointing the knife at the camera .	who talks to the camera while pointing the knife at the camera ?	man
2966	The man chops various types of items on the chopping board with the knife in sped up video .	who chops various types of items on the chopping board with the knife in sped up video ?	man
2967	The man removes the knife and manipulates the containers of ingredients around him .	who removes the knife and manipulates the containers of ingredients around him ?	man
2967	The man removes the knife and manipulates the containers of ingredients around him .	what does the man remove ?	knife
2968	The man re-equips the knife and resumes chopping .	who re-equips the knife and resumes chopping ?	man
2968	The man re-equips the knife and resumes chopping .	what does the man re-equip ?	knife
2969	The man removes the knife and manipulates the ingredients around him again .	who removes the knife and manipulates the ingredients around him again ?	man
2969	The man removes the knife and manipulates the ingredients around him again .	what does the man remove ?	knife
2969	The man removes the knife and manipulates the ingredients around him again .	what does the man manipulate around him again ?	ingredients
2970	The man re-equips the knife and resumes chopping again .	who re-equips the knife and resumes chopping again ?	man
2970	The man re-equips the knife and resumes chopping again .	what does the man re-equip ?	knife
2971	The man removes the knife and cleans up his work area .	who removes the knife and cleans up his work area ?	man
2971	The man removes the knife and cleans up his work area .	what does the man remove ?	knife
2972	A woman is getting ready too bungee jump from a cable car .	who is getting ready too bungee jump from a cable car ?	woman
2973	She is surrounded by two men in yellow shirts .	what is the color of the shirts ?	yellow
2976	After much hesitation , the woman finally jumps and hangs from the rope .	who does after much hesitation , finally jump and hangs from the rope ?	woman
2979	A boy sits on a rock before walking along a shoreline .	who sits on the rock before walking along a shoreline ?	boy
2980	The young man rides his skateboard down hills around a beach town .	who rides his skateboard down hills around a beach town ?	man
2980	The young man rides his skateboard down hills around a beach town .	what did the young man rid around a beach town ?	hills
2982	The harbor is seen and the young man walks down a train track at sunset .	who is the harbor seen and walks down a train track at sunset ?	man
2983	A group of people are swimming in a large indoor pool .	where are the group of people swimming . ?	pool
2986	There 's a man wearing a hat and a beige colored shirt standing on the banks of a river playing his harmonica .	who does there 's wearing a hat and a beige colored shirt standing on the banks of a river playing his harmonica ?	man
2990	A man is sitting on a couch drinking a beer .	who is sitting on the couch drinking a beer ?	man
2991	He stands up and walks out the door .	what does he walk out ?	door
2993	They open the fridge and get a beer .	what do they open ?	fridge
2993	They open the fridge and get a beer .	what do they get ?	beer
2998	The person continuously adjusts the bike and pans the camera all around it in the end .	what does the person continuously adjust ?	bicycle
2998	The person continuously adjusts the bike and pans the camera all around it in the end .	what does the person continuously pan all around it in the end ?	camera
2999	A boy is bent over in his bedroom .	who is bent over in his bedroom ?	boy
3003	A man holds a pair of boots while talking and showing dirty parts .	who holds the pair of boots while talking and showing dirty parts ?	man
3004	Then , the man put a clothe inside the boot and brush the shaft of the boot thoroughly .	then , who put the clothe inside the boot and brush the shaft of the boot thoroughly ?	man
3005	A man is seen kneeling down on a roof and speaking to the camera .	who is seen kneeling down on the roof and speaking to the camera ?	man
3006	The camera pans all around the roof while the man is seen sitting and still speaking .	what pans all around the roof while the man is seen sitting and still speaking ?	camera
3007	The camera pans all around the roof and shows the man still sitting .	what pans all around the roof and shows the man still sitting ?	camera
3007	The camera pans all around the roof and shows the man still sitting .	who does the camera show still sitting ?	man
3008	A woman walks , then runs with a javelin .	who walks , then runs with the javelin ?	woman
3010	A few other teammates also perform the act , then we see the final scoreboard .	who also perform the act , then we see the final scoreboard ?	teammates
3010	A few other teammates also perform the act , then we see the final scoreboard .	what do the few other teammates also perform the act , then we see ?	scoreboard
3011	A man talks on front a bush while other person stands on his right side .	who talks on front a bush while other person stands on his right side ?	man
3012	Then , the man cuts the dead flowers of the bush while talking .	who does then , cut the dead flowers of the bush while talking ?	man
3015	The baby takes a blue bulb off the tree .	who takes the blue bulb off the tree ?	baby
3015	The baby takes a blue bulb off the tree .	what is the color of the bulb ?	blue
3016	The dad puts it back and the baby takes it again .	who puts it back and the baby takes it again ?	dad
3016	The dad puts it back and the baby takes it again .	who does the dad put it back and takes it again ?	baby
3017	The child turns towards the camera and the dad walks to a counter .	who turns towards the camera and the dad walks to a counter ?	child
3017	The child turns towards the camera and the dad walks to a counter .	who does the child turn towards the camera and walks to a counter ?	dad
3018	The child drops the blue bulb and goes for another .	who drops the blue bulb and goes for another ?	child
3018	The child drops the blue bulb and goes for another .	what does the child drop ?	bulb
3018	The child drops the blue bulb and goes for another .	what is the color of the bulb ?	blue
3019	The child adds another blue bulb to the tree .	who adds another blue bulb to the tree ?	child
3019	The child adds another blue bulb to the tree .	what does the child add to the tree ?	bulb
3019	The child adds another blue bulb to the tree .	what is the color of the bulb ?	blue
3020	The camera pans up to show the tree and then shows the stockings .	what pans up to show the tree and then shows the stockings ?	camera
3020	The camera pans up to show the tree and then shows the stockings .	the camera then shows what ?	stockings
3021	The young kids are bouncing on the big trampoline .	who are bouncing on the big trampoline ?	kids
3022	The young boy fell on his back as he avoided the ball .	who fell on his back as he avoided the ball ?	boy
3023	The kids are wearing helmet as they threw the ball and other side of the kids dodge the ball .	who are wearing helmet as they threw the ball and other side of the kids dodge the ball ?	kids
3023	The kids are wearing helmet as they threw the ball and other side of the kids dodge the ball .	what are the kids wearing ?	helmet
3024	Two adult people went up to the trampoline to watch the kids .	how many adult people went up to the trampoline to watch the kids ?	two
3026	A young boy climbs back and forth on the monkey bars .	who climbs back and forth on the monkey bars ?	boy
3027	Another child then joins him on the bars as well .	who then joins him on the bars as well ?	child
3028	A man is seen speaking to the camera and working on a bike followed by him pulling chains and spinning wheels on the bike .	who is seen speaking to the camera and working on a bike followed by him pulling chains and spinning wheels on the bike ?	man
3029	He peddles the bike and shows the tire spinning again , ending with him tightening the tire and spinning it once more .	what does he peddle ?	bicycle
3030	Sandwiches are displayed in a slideshow .	what are displayed in the slideshow ?	sandwiches
3031	A person spreads mustard sauce on slices of bread , then the person put on top Swiss cheese , jam , sauerkraut and a slice of bread on top .	what does the person spread on slices of bread , then the person put on top swiss cheese , jam , sauerkraut and a slice of bread on top ?	sauce
3033	A white middle aged man is standing in a crowd of people playing a saxophone .	the white middle aged who is standing in a crowd of people playing a saxophone ?	man
3033	A white middle aged man is standing in a crowd of people playing a saxophone .	what is the color of the middle ?	white
3034	Then the camera pans back out and the crowd begins clapping for the audience .	what does then pan back out and the crowd begins clapping for the audience ?	camera
3035	There 's a woman in a white shirt in an indoor tennis court hitting balls across the court .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
3036	She bounces the ball on the ground and then serves the ball across the net .	what does she bounce on the ground ?	ball
3036	She bounces the ball on the ground and then serves the ball across the net .	she then serves what across the net ?	ball
3039	A woman shows a dish with vegetables and display the calories , the ingredients and the preparation of a dish .	who shows the dish with vegetables and display the calories , the ingredients and the preparation of a dish ?	woman
3039	A woman shows a dish with vegetables and display the calories , the ingredients and the preparation of a dish .	what does the woman show with vegetables ?	dish
3040	Then , the woman puts vegetables on a bowl , then she fry a leave and put it in the bowl .	who does then , put vegetables on a bowl , then she fry a leave and put it in the bowl ?	woman
3040	Then , the woman puts vegetables on a bowl , then she fry a leave and put it in the bowl .	where does then , the woman put vegetables on a bowl , then she fry a leave and put it . ?	bowl
3041	Then , the woman mix the vegetables and serves it on a dish .	then , who mix the vegetables and serves it on a dish ?	woman
3041	Then , the woman mix the vegetables and serves it on a dish .	what do then , the woman mix ?	vegetables
3042	Two women attempt to wash two dogs .	who attempt to wash two dogs ?	women
3042	Two women attempt to wash two dogs .	how many women attempt to wash two dogs ?	two
3043	They get in the tub with the dogs and do shampoo , soap , and then rinse the dogs .	what do they rinse ?	dogs
3044	They dry the dogs and the dogs are much happier .	what do they dry and the dogs are much happier ?	dogs
3044	They dry the dogs and the dogs are much happier .	what do they dry the dogs and are much happier ?	dogs
3045	A man stands on a bridge guardrail with a harness while another man holds him .	who stands on the bridge guardrail with a harness while another man holds him ?	man
3046	The man jumps off the bridge to the river below .	who jumps off the bridge to the river below ?	man
3046	The man jumps off the bridge to the river below .	what does the man jump off to the river below ?	bridge
3047	The man swings back and forth over the rapids .	who swings back and forth over the rapids ?	man
3048	A woman wearing green with red hair is scrubbing some clothes vigorously .	who is wearing green with red hair is scrubbing some clothes vigorously ?	woman
3048	A woman wearing green with red hair is scrubbing some clothes vigorously .	what is the woman wearing green with red hair is scrubbing vigorously ?	clothes
3048	A woman wearing green with red hair is scrubbing some clothes vigorously .	what is the color of the hair ?	red
3051	She squeezes it out and then put the cloth into a bucket of soapy water .	she then put what into a bucket of soapy water ?	cloth
3053	There 's a lawn trimmer lying on the ground near some over grown patches of grass .	who does there 's lying on the ground near some over grown patches of grass ?	trimmer
3058	The man performs stunts , going down staircases and riding medians , doing flips and riding backwards .	who performs stunts , going down staircases and riding medians , doing flips and riding backwards ?	man
3060	A child plays tennis in a court returning balls while a boy stands next to her .	who plays tennis in the court returning balls while a boy stands next to her ?	child
3061	The boy left the court while the child continues returning balls , then the boy returns .	who left the court while the child continues returning balls , then the boy returns ?	boy
3061	The boy left the court while the child continues returning balls , then the boy returns .	who did the boy leave the court , then returns ?	boy
3062	Then , the boy left again the court , and then he returns with a racket and a ball .	who did then , leave again the court , and then he returns with a racket and a ball ?	boy
3063	The child serves the ball , and the boy helps stands next her watching .	who serves the ball , and the boy helps stands next her watching ?	child
3063	The child serves the ball , and the boy helps stands next her watching .	what does the child serve , and the boy helps stands next her watching ?	ball
3063	The child serves the ball , and the boy helps stands next her watching .	who does the child serve the ball , and helps stands next her watching ?	boy
3064	A woman is seen bending over a table with a tattoo artist rubbing her back from behind and grabbing a tattoo needle .	who is seen bending over the table with a tattoo artist rubbing her back from behind and grabbing a tattoo needle ?	woman
3065	The woman then begins tattooing the back of the woman while the camera pans around from various angles .	who then begins tattooing the back of the woman while the camera pans around from various angles ?	woman
3068	There 's a man in a green shirt talking and being interviewed by another man dressed in a black jacket and gray pants .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
3068	There 's a man in a green shirt talking and being interviewed by another man dressed in a black jacket and gray pants .	what is the color of the jacket ?	black
3068	There 's a man in a green shirt talking and being interviewed by another man dressed in a black jacket and gray pants .	what is the color of the pants ?	gray
3074	The man in green talks about a newspaper article related to the soccer as clips from the soccer game are shown .	what is the color of the talks ?	green
3075	An athletic woman is seen standing before a track and begins running down the side .	who is seen standing before the track and begins running down the side ?	woman
3077	Several more clips are shown of women running down the track and jumping into the pit .	what are shown of women running down the track and jumping into the pit ?	clips
3080	More clips are shown of people walking away and playing the game .	what are shown of people walking away and playing the game ?	clips
3082	A person rides a dirt bike over a hill or dirt pile with help from an incline structure .	what did the person rid over a hill or dirt pile with help from an incline structure ?	bicycle
3084	Two guys sit on their dirt bike and discuss .	who sit on their dirt bike and discuss ?	guys
3084	Two guys sit on their dirt bike and discuss .	how many guys sit on their dirt bike and discuss ?	two
3085	One guy uses his rear tire to cause dirt to spray .	who uses his rear tire to cause dirt to spray ?	guy
3085	One guy uses his rear tire to cause dirt to spray .	what does one guy use ?	tire
3085	One guy uses his rear tire to cause dirt to spray .	how many guy uses his rear tire to cause dirt to spray ?	one
3087	A black book called Windmills is on the screen .	what is the color of the book ?	black
3088	The camera zooms into a dancer .	what zooms into the dancer ?	camera
3091	The instructor is sitting on the floor introducing the move .	who is sitting on the floor introducing the move ?	instructor
3092	A shot of the move is shown , then the instructor shows how to do it .	who is the shot of the move shown , then shows how to do it ?	instructor
3095	The screen goes to another shot of the same move but faster this time .	what goes to another shot of the same move but faster this time ?	screen
3096	The instructor is standing and talking .	who is standing and talking ?	instructor
3097	The screen ends with a VincaniTV promo .	what ends with the vincanitv promo ?	screen
3098	A woman is standing in a camp site .	who is standing in the camp site ?	woman
3104	The woman in red applies various makeups to the seated woman , explaining the process as she goes .	what does the woman in red apply to the seated woman , ?	makeups
3106	A man drinks coffee and then plays guitar indoor .	who drinks coffee and then plays guitar indoor ?	man
3106	A man drinks coffee and then plays guitar indoor .	what does the man drink ?	coffee
3106	A man drinks coffee and then plays guitar indoor .	the man then plays what ?	guitar
3107	The man makes a pause and takes his coffee .	who makes the pause and takes his coffee ?	man
3108	Then , the man hols a cup of coffee and a guitar in the street .	who does then , hols the cup of coffee and a guitar in the street ?	man
3108	Then , the man hols a cup of coffee and a guitar in the street .	where does then , the man hols a cup of coffee and a guitar . ?	street
3109	After , the man plays guitar indoor on front an audience .	who does after , play guitar indoor on front an audience ?	man
3109	After , the man plays guitar indoor on front an audience .	what does after , the man play on front an audience ?	guitar
3110	Next , the man plays harmonica and guitar at the same time .	who does next , play harmonica and guitar at the same time ?	man
3111	A small group of people are seen riding in a raft down a rough river .	where are the small group of people seen riding . ?	raft
3116	A man is seen holding onto a rope and speaking to the camera .	who is seen holding onto the rope and speaking to the camera ?	man
3117	He holds up his belt while speaking to the camera and begins climbing up the wall .	what does he hold up to the camera ?	speaking
3118	The man climbs all the way up the wall and ends by looking off from the camera .	who climbs all the way up the wall and ends by looking off from the camera ?	man
3119	A crowd of people watch as two bulls fight each other in a competition .	how many bulls do the crowd of people watch as fight each other in a competition ?	two
3120	The camera pans over to show many people in the crowd watching the show .	what pans over to show many people in the crowd watching the show ?	camera
3121	A man walks by the camera .	who walks by the camera ?	man
3123	The bulls begin to chase each other around the field .	what begin to chase each other around the field ?	bulls
3125	An instructor then shows the girls how to perform a stunt properly and has another girl climb on top of their hands .	who then shows the girls how to perform a stunt properly and has another girl climb on top of their hands ?	instructor
3125	An instructor then shows the girls how to perform a stunt properly and has another girl climb on top of their hands .	who does an instructor then show ?	girls
3126	The girl continuously perform stunts with the instructors help and another girl is shown speaking to the camera .	who continuously perform stunts with the instructors help and another girl is shown speaking to the camera ?	girl
3126	The girl continuously perform stunts with the instructors help and another girl is shown speaking to the camera .	who do the girl continuously perform stunts with the instructors help and is shown speaking to the camera ?	girl
3127	There 's a news reporter dressed in a pink floral dress and a white jacket giving an update on sports news .	who does there 's dressed in a pink floral dress and a white jacket giving an update on sports news ?	reporter
3127	There 's a news reporter dressed in a pink floral dress and a white jacket giving an update on sports news .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
3132	A woman runs down a dirt path .	who runs down the dirt path ?	woman
3133	She uses a pole to vault over a high beam .	what does she use ?	pole
3138	The woman begins to demonstrate how to use the jump rope while the child attempts to copy her .	who begins to demonstrate how to use the jump rope while the child attempts to copy her ?	woman
3141	A baby is sitting in a swing .	who is sitting in the swing ?	baby
3142	The baby is laughing and shaking its feet .	who is laughing and shaking its feet ?	baby
3143	The baby turns to the side of the swing .	who turns to the side of the swing ?	baby
3144	An athlete is seen walking up to a set of uneven bars and begins performing a gymnastics routine on the bars .	who is seen walking up to the set of uneven bars and begins performing a gymnastics routine on the bars ?	athlete
3146	A man in a red shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
3152	A man is cleaning snow that has fallen on his car .	who is cleaning snow that has fallen on his car ?	man
3159	The man grabs the hose and takes a hit from the hookah .	who grabs the hose and takes a hit from the hookah ?	man
3159	The man grabs the hose and takes a hit from the hookah .	what does the man grab ?	hose
3160	The man then blows smoke into the camera lens .	who then blows smoke into the camera lens ?	man
3161	The man bounces the ball and hits it with his racket .	who bounces the ball and hits it with his racket ?	man
3161	The man bounces the ball and hits it with his racket .	what does the man bounce ?	ball
3162	The man bounces the ball and hits it across the court .	who bounces the ball and hits it across the court ?	man
3162	The man bounces the ball and hits it across the court .	what does the man bounce ?	ball
3163	The man then bounces and hits one more ball .	who then bounces and hits one more ball ?	man
3163	The man then bounces and hits one more ball .	what does the man then bounce and hits ?	ball
3163	The man then bounces and hits one more ball .	how many more ball does the man then bounce and hits ?	one
3164	An athletic man is seen running through a street in slow motion while the camera moves around his body .	who is seen running through the street in slow motion while the camera moves around his body ?	man
3166	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a box and newspaper .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a box and newspaper ?	woman
3167	The woman then begins cutting the news paper and place the box in the middle .	who then begins cutting the news paper and place the box in the middle ?	woman
3168	The women wraps up the box with the news paper and tapes it down on the sides .	who wraps up the box with the news paper and tapes it down on the sides ?	women
3169	A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins shaving off his facial hair .	who is seen speaking to the camera and begins shaving off his facial hair ?	man
3170	The man continues shaving and shows off his before and after pictures .	who continues shaving and shows off his before and after pictures ?	man
3171	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and showing off various tools to the camera .	who is seen speaking to the camera and showing off various tools to the camera ?	woman
3174	A woman performs gymnastics on uneven bars while a number of spectators watch .	who performs gymnastics on uneven bars while a number of spectators watch ?	woman
3175	The woman dismounts from the bars .	who dismounts from the bars ?	woman
3179	He moves the harmonica side ways as he continues playing till he comes to an end .	what does he move ?	ways
3181	A group of people on a blue water raft paddle against a violent stream/body of water .	what is the color of the paddle ?	blue
3183	A person navigates the rocky waves in a large water raft .	where does the person navigate the rocky waves . ?	raft
3184	The rafters and kayakers continue to fight the force of the water as the scene face to a positivity mantra and then to black .	what is the color of the mantra ?	black
3188	A older gentleman smiles at the camera while holding his curling stick over his head .	who smiles at the camera while holding his curling stick over his head ?	gentleman
3192	Two men high five on the field .	how many men high five on the field ?	two
3196	They are doing the steps rhythmically to the beats of a song that is played in the fitness center .	what are they doing rhythmically to the beats of a song that is played in the fitness center ?	steps
3200	A person is seen bending down over a bucket filled with water and washing clothes in the bucket .	where is the person seen bending down over a bucket filled with water and washing clothes . ?	bucket
3201	The boy continues washing when another person steps in to help wash the clothes and speak to the camera .	who continues washing when another person steps in to help wash the clothes and speak to the camera ?	boy
3202	A camera pans between a person and the cameraman and leads into a man sitting in front of a drum set .	what pans between the person and the cameraman and leads into a man sitting in front of a drum set ?	camera
3203	The man then plays the drums continuously and another man walks in and sings and dances .	who then plays the drums continuously and another man walks in and sings and dances ?	man
3203	The man then plays the drums continuously and another man walks in and sings and dances .	what does the man then play continuously and another man walks in and sings and dances ?	drums
3203	The man then plays the drums continuously and another man walks in and sings and dances .	who does the man then play the drums continuously and walks in and sings and dances ?	man
3204	Another man is shown close up and pans back to the drummer then ceiling .	who is shown close up and pans back to the drummer then ceiling ?	man
3205	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leading into clips of her running .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leading into clips of her running ?	woman
3211	A woman is seen sitting on a stool smoking a cigarette and looking off into the distance .	who is seen sitting on the stool smoking a cigarette and looking off into the distance ?	woman
3214	The same man does another lit with his weights while another man watches in the background .	who does another lit with his weights while another man watches in the background ?	man
3216	A woman with short hair and a white tank top is sitting in her bathroom talking about a cyclist who is going to shave his legs .	what is the color of the top ?	white
3219	There 's a young man sitting on the bath tub along with the woman .	who does there 's sitting on the bath tub along with the woman ?	man
3221	Then the woman takes the razor and helps her husband shave his legs .	then who takes the razor and helps her husband shave his legs ?	woman
3221	Then the woman takes the razor and helps her husband shave his legs .	who does then the woman help shave his legs ?	husband
3222	Windsurfer turns his sail around in a 360 .	what does windsurfer turn around in a 360 ?	sail
3225	Windsurfer spins his sail around quickly .	what does windsurfer spin around quickly ?	sail
3228	A little boy is bending down trying to catch more speed , he is pretty good at skiing .	who is bending down trying to catch more speed , he is pretty good at skiing ?	boy
3231	A man is indoors , quickly placing wood tiles onto a floor as the camera plays extremely fast .	who is indoors , quickly placing wood tiles onto a floor as the camera plays extremely fast ?	man
3232	He uses a leveler and cutter and completes the room with grout before walking out .	what does he complete ?	room
3233	Cars drive by a sign by the road .	what drive by the sign by the road ?	cars
3234	Several women are shown around a table preparing to knit .	who are shown around the table preparing to knit ?	women
3235	A woman talks to the camera in an interview style .	who talks to the camera in an interview style ?	woman
3237	A bus is shown parked outside the building .	what is shown parked outside the building ?	bus
3243	the woman continues cleaning the baby and is shown smiling to the camera and waving .	who continues cleaning the baby and is shown smiling to the camera and waving ?	woman
3244	Two men are seen playing rock paper scissors with one another and hitting the person who loses .	how many men are seen playing rock paper scissors with one another and hitting the person who loses ?	two
3246	Swimmers are swimming to one side of the pool and then they stop briefly .	who are swimming to one side of the pool and then they stop briefly ?	swimmers
3250	A woman is sitting in a chair talking .	who is sitting in the chair talking ?	woman
3251	A persons hand is playing rock paper scissors with a robot .	what is the persons hand playing with a robot ?	scissors
3252	A man in a white shirt is talking to the woman .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
3255	A 2011 dance competition in Israel is shown with a woman in gold belly dancing solo with neon lights behind her .	how many dance competition in israel is shown with a woman in gold belly dancing solo with neon lights behind her ?	2011
3261	The little girl who 's wearing a rainbow sweater is shown sitting in the sand making a huge hill of sand .	who is shown sitting in the sand making a huge hill of sand ?	girl
3264	then a little boy joins her and just touches the hill , but walks away .	then who joins her and just touches the hill , but walks away ?	boy
3266	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while transitioning into shots of her grooming a dog .	who is seen speaking to the camera while transitioning into shots of her grooming a dog ?	woman
3267	The girl is seen washing the dogs as well as blow drying them and trimming their fur .	who is seen washing the dogs as well as blow drying them and trimming their fur ?	girl
3269	A man is water skiing behind a boat on a lake .	who is water skiing behind a boat on a lake ?	man
3271	The water skier tries to do a flip and ends up crashing into the water .	who tries to do the flip and ends up crashing into the water ?	skier
3272	A blue page with white writing explains that the video is about how to wrap a present .	what is the color of the page ?	blue
3272	A blue page with white writing explains that the video is about how to wrap a present .	what is the color of the writing ?	white
3274	A woman is on the floor with a box .	who is on the floor with a box ?	woman
3278	Men are acting silly in a bathroom .	where are men acting silly . ?	bathroom
3279	One man shows off his legs to the camera .	who shows off his legs to the camera ?	man
3279	One man shows off his legs to the camera .	how many man shows off his legs to the camera ?	one
3280	Two men are dancing and shaving their legs near the sink .	how many men are dancing and shaving their legs near the sink ?	two
3281	Another man joins the men near the sink to help with the shaving .	who joins the men near the sink to help with the shaving ?	man
3282	A man walks onto a field in front of his dog .	who walks onto the field in front of his dog ?	man
3283	He throws a frisbee , and the dog catches it .	what does he throw , and the dog catches it ?	frisbee
3283	He throws a frisbee , and the dog catches it .	what does he throw a frisbee , and catches it ?	dog
3285	A woman is seen swinging an ax down on a log while another man watches on the side .	who is seen swinging an ax down on a log while another man watches on the side ?	woman
3286	Another woman takes off the log and the girl prepares to swing .	who takes off the log and the girl prepares to swing ?	woman
3286	Another woman takes off the log and the girl prepares to swing .	who does another woman take off the log and prepares to swing ?	girl
3287	She swings the ax again and looks back smiling to the camera .	what does she swing again ?	ax
3288	A person is using a mop to mop the floor .	what is the person using ?	mop
3289	A small dog is chasing the mop .	what is chasing the mop ?	dog
3289	A small dog is chasing the mop .	what is the small dog chasing ?	mop
3292	They put the tray into an oven .	what did they put into an oven ?	tray
3294	They wash off the mat in the sink .	where do they wash off the mat . ?	sink
3295	We see a ladies hand on a magazine .	who do we see on a magazine ?	hand
3296	The lady cuts slices of an article .	who cuts slices of an article ?	lady
3297	She puts the paper in water and lays then on her white nails , she peels the paper off and the letters stick .	what is the color of the nails ?	white
3298	The lady puts clear polish over the nails .	who puts clear polish over the nails ?	lady
3299	The lady sticks rhinestones to her nails .	who sticks rhinestones to her nails ?	lady
3300	The lady puts clear polish over the decorated nails .	who puts clear polish over the decorated nails ?	lady
3301	We see the lady turning pages in the magazine .	who do we see turning pages in the magazine ?	lady
3302	We see the white ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
3302	We see the white ending screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
3305	A man does a hand stand on the stage .	who does the hand stand on the stage ?	man
3308	Two men in white shirts run next to the person sliding .	how many men in white shirts run next to the person sliding ?	two
3308	Two men in white shirts run next to the person sliding .	what is the color of the shirts ?	white
3310	The person then paints a large tree while still moving around quickly on the painting .	what does the person then paint while still moving around quickly on the painting ?	tree
3316	The man turns off the machine and looks around the front while pointing to the top of the machine .	who turns off the machine and looks around the front while pointing to the top of the machine ?	man
3316	The man turns off the machine and looks around the front while pointing to the top of the machine .	what does the man turn off ?	machine
3318	A lady sits on a couch and discusses .	who sits on the couch and discusses ?	lady
3319	The lady sails a boat .	who sails the boat ?	lady
3319	The lady sails a boat .	what does the lady sail ?	boat
3320	The lady goes water boarding .	who goes water boarding ?	lady
3321	People rides horses on an unpaved road passing for the woods and on front the ocean .	what does people rid on an unpaved road passing for the woods and on front the ocean ?	horses
3322	People arrive to a place and gets off the horse and then continue riding passing woods , river , the ocean and beautiful landscapes .	people gets off what and then continue riding passing woods , river , the ocean and beautiful landscapes ?	horse
3324	Some boys are in the pools playing with volleyballs .	who are in the pools playing with volleyballs ?	boys
3325	There is a large swimming team swimming and throwing the ball around to their team mates , scoring .	there is a large swimming team swimming and throwing what around to their team mates , scoring ?	ball
3328	A silver sink is shown and a black hose with a scrubber on the bottom of it begins cleaning the sink with steam coming out of it .	what is shown and the black hose with a scrubber on the bottom of it begins cleaning the sink with steam coming out of it ?	sink
3328	A silver sink is shown and a black hose with a scrubber on the bottom of it begins cleaning the sink with steam coming out of it .	what is the color of the hose ?	black
3329	Once completed , the person then takes a white rag and goes into the sink and washes away the moisture from the steam .	what is the color of the rag ?	white
3331	We see a boat with a man on it .	what do we see with a man on it ?	boat
3333	The man wakeboards around a lake .	who wakeboards around the lake ?	man
3334	We see the boat with people in it .	what do we see with people in it ?	boat
3335	The man pulls out the ladder and climbs on the boat then we see a boat take off , and in a show room .	who pulls out the ladder and climbs on the boat then we see a boat take off , and in a show room ?	man
3335	The man pulls out the ladder and climbs on the boat then we see a boat take off , and in a show room .	what does the man pull out ?	ladder
3336	The man falls off the wakeboard 2 times .	who falls off the wakeboard 2 times ?	man
3337	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
3338	There are several athletes doing discus throw in an outdoor ring .	who are there doing discus throw in an outdoor ring ?	athletes
3339	The first athlete who is dressed in a red and white shirt begins the discus throw using a one and a half kilograms discus .	who begins the discus throw using a one and a half kilograms discus ?	athlete
3341	Then another athlete throws the discus but in unsuccessful .	who does then throw the discus but in unsuccessful ?	athlete
3343	Then another athlete who has won third place throws the discus successfully .	who does then throw the discus successfully ?	athlete
3344	Some more athletes come to the ring and throw the discus .	who come to the ring and throw the discus ?	athletes
3345	The stadium bleachers are not filled with sufficient spectators due to security reasons .	what are not filled with sufficient spectators due to security reasons ?	bleachers
3349	A person 's shadow moves over the surface of a white trailer .	what is the color of the trailer ?	white
3350	A person rides a dirt bike .	what does the person rid ?	bicycle
3353	A person lifts a dirt bike and places on a stool .	what does the person lift ?	bicycle
3354	A male child runs and smiles .	who runs and smiles ?	child
3355	A helicopter hovers over the race track .	what hovers over the race track ?	helicopter
3356	A lady pulls on a rider 's helmet .	who pulls on the rider 's helmet ?	lady
3358	A man is shown staring off into the distance while another holds a ball at a beer pong table .	who is shown staring off into the distance while another holds a ball at a beer pong table ?	man
3359	The camera shows the ball hitting the table and landing into the cup on the other side .	what shows the ball hitting the table and landing into the cup on the other side ?	camera
3360	The first man looks down at the cup and grimaces at what he sees .	who looks down at the cup and grimaces at what he sees ?	man
3361	There 's a man wearing a black athletic suit in a shot put field practicing shot put .	who does there 's wearing a black athletic suit in a shot put field practicing shot put ?	man
3361	There 's a man wearing a black athletic suit in a shot put field practicing shot put .	there 's a man wearing what in a shot put field practicing shot put ?	suit
3361	There 's a man wearing a black athletic suit in a shot put field practicing shot put .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
3363	Then he spins around and throws the ball far ahead .	what does then he throw far ahead ?	ball
3368	The man puts the mower in the shed and goes into the house .	who puts the mower in the shed and goes into the house ?	man
3368	The man puts the mower in the shed and goes into the house .	where does the man put the mower . ?	shed
3370	A man digs his heel into the base of a tree to push away the mulch .	who digs his heel into the base of a tree to push away the mulch ?	man
3370	A man digs his heel into the base of a tree to push away the mulch .	what does the man dig into the base of a tree to push away the mulch ?	heel
3374	A woman is knitting what appears to be a scarf while sitting in front of a computer keyboard .	who is knitting what appears to be the scarf while sitting in front of a computer keyboard ?	woman
3375	She is using the needles to make the scarf .	what is she using ?	needles
3377	A man turns his body around , preparing to throw his discus .	who turns his body around , preparing to throw his discus ?	man
3378	The man throws the discus really hard .	who throws the discus really hard ?	man
3379	The man watches ahead after his discus .	who watches ahead after his discus ?	man
3381	The camera then moves closer to the board and zooms in on the location of where the darts are thrown .	what then moves closer to the board and zooms in on the location of where the darts are thrown ?	camera
3383	A room is filled with people riding exercise bikes .	what is filled with people riding exercise bikes ?	room
3385	Two men are seen holding each other 's hands and moving one to the other side arm wrestling .	how many men are seen holding each other 's hands and moving one to the other side arm wrestling ?	two
3387	A young man plays violin while wearing headsets .	who plays violin while wearing headsets ?	man
3387	A young man plays violin while wearing headsets .	what does the young man play while wearing headsets ?	violin
3388	Then , the young man finish playing and take off the headsets .	then , who finish playing and take off the headsets ?	man
3391	The bar is finally let down and the boys begin racing throughout the track that 's covered in hills as people stand throughout it to watch them .	what is finally let down and the boys begin racing throughout the track that 's covered in hills as people stand throughout it to watch them ?	bar
3391	The bar is finally let down and the boys begin racing throughout the track that 's covered in hills as people stand throughout it to watch them .	who is the bar finally let down and begin racing throughout the track that 's covered in hills as people stand throughout it to watch them ?	boys
3392	A bike is being shown in the narrow walkway .	what is being shown in the narrow walkway ?	bicycle
3392	A bike is being shown in the narrow walkway .	where is the bike being shown . ?	walkway
3393	A man is trying to balance himself on a rope , he walks on it and does a flip off .	who is trying to balance himself on a rope , he walks on it and does a flip off ?	man
3395	He grips the the rope super tight with his feet while he walks across .	who did he grip tight with his feet ?	super
3398	A man in red goggles is standing in the snow .	what is the color of the goggles ?	red
3400	There 's a man dressed in a formal attire with shirt and tie demonstrating how to make a cocktail called Pimms .	who does there 's dressed in a formal attire with shirt and tie demonstrating how to make a cocktail called pimms ?	man
3401	He puts some ice cubes in a talll glass and then adds some Pimms in it .	what does he put in a talll glass ?	cubes
3402	He slices some lemons and puts the lemons along with a cherry on a toothpick .	what does he slice ?	lemons
3402	He slices some lemons and puts the lemons along with a cherry on a toothpick .	what does he put along with a cherry on a toothpick ?	lemons
3404	In a sped up mode an elderly man walks to the front of a house and grabs a blue snow plow .	in the sped up mode who walks to the front of a house and grabs a blue snow plow ?	man
3404	In a sped up mode an elderly man walks to the front of a house and grabs a blue snow plow .	what does in the sped up mode an elderly man grab ?	plow
3404	In a sped up mode an elderly man walks to the front of a house and grabs a blue snow plow .	what is the color of the plow ?	blue
3406	The man then moves the camera view and plows the snow in a different area that is fenced in .	who then moves the camera view and plows the snow in a different area that is fenced in ?	man
3406	The man then moves the camera view and plows the snow in a different area that is fenced in .	what does the man then move ?	view
3407	The man grabs the camera , points to the plow and then pans to the different areas of the yard .	who grabs the camera , points to the plow and then pans to the different areas of the yard ?	man
3407	The man grabs the camera , points to the plow and then pans to the different areas of the yard .	what does the man grab ?	camera
3408	The man then goes indoors to show a messy and cluttered workshop filled with tools and supplies .	who then goes indoors to show the messy and cluttered workshop filled with tools and supplies ?	man
3409	The man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open .	who goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open ?	man
3409	The man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open .	what does the man show and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open ?	dog
3409	The man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open .	what does the man put down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open ?	dog
3409	The man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open .	the man goes back outside , shows his dog and walks around his yard , puts his dog down and what runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open ?	dog
3410	A woman talks in a kitchen , then she shows a brush .	where does the woman talks , then she show a brush . ?	kitchen
3411	The woman opens the faucet and washes a dish with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining .	who opens the faucet and washes a dish with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining ?	woman
3411	The woman opens the faucet and washes a dish with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining .	what does the woman open , then she brush her hand while explaining ?	faucet
3411	The woman opens the faucet and washes a dish with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining .	what does the woman wash with the brush , then she brush her hand while explaining ?	dish
3413	A dancer positions herself to begin her dance .	who positions herself to begin her dance ?	dancer
3414	The dancer performs her dance routine holding a wand .	who performs her dance routine holding a wand ?	dancer
3415	The woman throws her wand as part of her dance and runs to grab it and resumes her performance .	who throws her wand as part of her dance and runs to grab it and resumes her performance ?	woman
3416	The woman takes a bow , finishing her dance .	who takes the bow , finishing her dance ?	woman
3417	A man in white shirt and white shorts is holding a croquet bat , he is bending over and swing the bat slowly in the air before hitting the blue ball .	what is the man in white shirt and white shorts holding , he is bending over and swing the bat slowly in the air before hitting the blue ball ?	bat
3417	A man in white shirt and white shorts is holding a croquet bat , he is bending over and swing the bat slowly in the air before hitting the blue ball .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
3417	A man in white shirt and white shorts is holding a croquet bat , he is bending over and swing the bat slowly in the air before hitting the blue ball .	what is the color of the shorts ?	white
3417	A man in white shirt and white shorts is holding a croquet bat , he is bending over and swing the bat slowly in the air before hitting the blue ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
3418	The ball went flying passing the ball in a small rectangular holes , and hit the ground .	what went flying passing the ball in a small rectangular holes , and hit the ground ?	ball
3419	We see the opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
3421	A man cuts and puts the superfloor on the floor .	who cuts and puts the superfloor on the floor ?	man
3422	The man then unrolls carpet over the superfloor .	who then unrolls carpet over the superfloor ?	man
3423	We then see the ending screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
3424	A woman holds a dog and take to the bathroom to take a bath in a bathtub while rubbing the body with soap .	who holds the dog and take to the bathroom to take a bath in a bathtub while rubbing the body with soap ?	woman
3424	A woman holds a dog and take to the bathroom to take a bath in a bathtub while rubbing the body with soap .	what does the woman hold ?	dog
3424	A woman holds a dog and take to the bathroom to take a bath in a bathtub while rubbing the body with soap .	where do the woman take to the bathroom to take a bath while rubbing the body with soap . ?	bathtub
3425	The dog waits until the woman grab a towel to dry the body of the dog .	what waits until the woman grab a towel to dry the body of the dog ?	dog
3426	The dog looks angry and show his teeth .	what looks angry and show his teeth ?	dog
3427	Then , woman give a kiss to then dog .	who do then , give the kiss to then dog ?	woman
3427	Then , woman give a kiss to then dog .	what do then , woman give a kiss to then ?	dog
3428	Four little girls , dressed in white dresses with red sashes , stand in a line , on a stage and play the violin together .	four little girls , dressed in white dresses with red sashes , stand in a line , on a stage and play what together ?	violin
3428	Four little girls , dressed in white dresses with red sashes , stand in a line , on a stage and play the violin together .	what is the color of the dresses ?	white
3428	Four little girls , dressed in white dresses with red sashes , stand in a line , on a stage and play the violin together .	what is the color of the sashes ?	red
3429	Four little girls begin to play violin on a stage on a stage with a pink backdrop .	who begin to play violin on a stage on a stage with a pink backdrop ?	girls
3429	Four little girls begin to play violin on a stage on a stage with a pink backdrop .	how many little girls begin to play violin on a stage on a stage with a pink backdrop ?	four
3430	The girl play together using both hands to play the violin before ending the performance and taking a bow together .	who play together using both hands to play the violin before ending the performance and taking a bow together ?	girl
3431	He climbed the blue-green ladder to trim the top of the hedge , he moved the ladder to do the middle top of the hedge .	what did he climb , he moved the ladder to do the middle top of the hedge ?	ladder
3432	The man trimmed the round low bush , used the ladder to trim the top of the round hedge .	who trimmed the round low bush , used the ladder to trim the top of the round hedge ?	man
3433	Several kitchens are shown in the backdrop as a Around the House Menards logo flashes in the middle of the screen .	what are shown in the backdrop as a around the house menards logo flashes in the middle of the screen ?	kitchens
3433	Several kitchens are shown in the backdrop as a Around the House Menards logo flashes in the middle of the screen .	where are several kitchens shown . ?	backdrop
3434	After , a man in blue polo is shown pasting tile on the back of the kitchen walls to renovate the home .	what is the color of the polo ?	blue
3435	Another man is shown sanding and painting the wall and renovating another home .	who is shown sanding and painting the wall and renovating another home ?	man
3441	The car is shown off again in the end all clean .	what is shown off again in the end all clean ?	car
3442	A man is standing up playing bagpipes .	who is standing up playing bagpipes ?	man
3442	A man is standing up playing bagpipes .	what is the man standing up ?	bagpipes
3444	We see two people in a studio .	how many people do we see in a studio ?	two
3444	We see two people in a studio .	where do we see two people . ?	studio
3446	The man then interviews a man in a black jacket .	who then interviews the man in a black jacket ?	man
3446	The man then interviews a man in a black jacket .	what is the color of the jacket ?	black
3447	We see the bowling pin throw a green bowling ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	green
3448	The newscaster then throws a blue ball down the lane and another ball at the bowling pin mascot who falls over .	who then throws the blue ball down the lane and another ball at the bowling pin mascot who falls over ?	newscaster
3448	The newscaster then throws a blue ball down the lane and another ball at the bowling pin mascot who falls over .	what does the newscaster then throw down the lane and another ball at the bowling pin mascot who falls over ?	ball
3448	The newscaster then throws a blue ball down the lane and another ball at the bowling pin mascot who falls over .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
3449	We then see a split screen with the pin running behind the newscaster and the people in the studio in the upper left corner .	what do we then see split with the pin running behind the newscaster and the people in the studio in the upper left corner ?	screen
3450	The pin throws a ball at the newscaster , and we return to the studio .	what throws the ball at the newscaster , and we return to the studio ?	pin
3451	The man is now jumping on the trampoline and he does the the exact same thing as the woman just did .	who is now jumping on the trampoline and he does the the exact same thing as the woman just did ?	man
3453	Then man goes on the diving board , rubs his hands together , then jumps off the diving board 4 times and does various flips before he lands in the water .	then who goes on the diving board , rubs his hands together , then jumps off the diving board 4 times and does various flips before he lands in the water ?	man
3453	Then man goes on the diving board , rubs his hands together , then jumps off the diving board 4 times and does various flips before he lands in the water .	then man then jumps off the diving board how many times ?	four
3455	Another bull is seen running off into the distance and chasing a person .	what is seen running off into the distance and chasing a person ?	bull
3457	A man is kneeling down on ice .	who is kneeling down on ice ?	man
3459	Two people scrub the ice in front of the curling ball .	how many people scrub the ice in front of the curling ball ?	two
3460	A man is seen climbing onto of a camel and begins walking around with a man in front .	who is seen climbing onto of the camel and begins walking around with a man in front ?	man
3461	The man speaks to one on top and gives the camel a slap while looking back to speak to the camera .	who speaks to one on top and gives the camel a slap while looking back to speak to the camera ?	man
3462	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
3465	The names are shown in a blue bar above .	what is the color of the bar ?	blue
3465	The names are shown in a blue bar above .	where are the names shown . ?	bar
3466	We see a man holding a selfie stick as he boards down the hill .	who do we see holding a selfie stick as he boards down the hill ?	man
3466	We see a man holding a selfie stick as he boards down the hill .	we see a man holding what as he boards down the hill ?	stick
3470	A man spins a blindfolded man around .	who spins the blindfolded man around ?	man
3470	A man spins a blindfolded man around .	who does the man spin around ?	man
3471	The blindfolded man takes a few swings at the pinata .	who takes the few swings at the pinata ?	man
3472	A woman in red shirt laughs .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
3473	A Caucasian man wearing a red helmet is sitting in a boat in the water talking to water .	who is wearing a red helmet is sitting in a boat in the water talking to water ?	man
3473	A Caucasian man wearing a red helmet is sitting in a boat in the water talking to water .	the caucasian man wearing what is sitting in a boat in the water talking to water ?	helmet
3473	A Caucasian man wearing a red helmet is sitting in a boat in the water talking to water .	what is the color of the helmet ?	red
3474	The rocky water is shown and then the man comes down kayaking throughout the white waters .	who is the rocky water shown and then comes down kayaking throughout the white waters ?	man
3474	The rocky water is shown and then the man comes down kayaking throughout the white waters .	what is the color of the waters ?	white
3478	The player in shirt is running with player in red shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
3479	The two players began walking .	how many players began walking ?	two
3480	A white screen appears and special affects reveal the words `` Howcast original '' .	what appears and special affects reveal the words `` howcast original '' ?	screen
3480	A white screen appears and special affects reveal the words `` Howcast original '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
3481	The outro appears and it 's the white screen in the intro that include the words `` Howcast original '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
3484	A man squats and holds a bar over his head several times .	who squats and holds the bar over his head several times ?	man
3485	A man in a red shirt watches him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
3487	A chef speaks as she stands by a table full of cooking ingredients .	who speaks as she stands by a table full of cooking ingredients ?	chef
3489	She stirs the ingredients with some tongs .	what does she stir with some tongs ?	ingredients
3490	She pours some tomatoes , zucchini and red onions into the mixing bowl .	what is the color of the onions ?	red
3491	She cuts up some cilantro .	what does she cut up ?	cilantro
3492	She throws the cilantro into the mixing bowl .	what does she throw into the mixing bowl ?	cilantro
3493	She mixes the vegetables in the mixing bowl with the tongs .	what does she mix in the mixing bowl with the tongs ?	vegetables
3495	She shows off the salad .	what does she show off ?	salad
3496	A person in red jacket is standing at the side of the lane .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
3497	Two people are sliding down the lane covered in snow .	what are two people sliding down covered in snow ?	lane
3497	Two people are sliding down the lane covered in snow .	how many people are sliding down the lane covered in snow ?	two
3498	The woman in the tube is going further down the lane as she wave her arms .	where is the woman going further down the lane as she wave her arms . ?	tube
3499	A woman is standing next to a camel holding the leash .	who is standing next to the camel holding the leash ?	woman
3500	The woman climbed on the camel , and the camel stood up .	who climbed on the camel , and the camel stood up ?	woman
3500	The woman climbed on the camel , and the camel stood up .	what did the woman climb on the camel , and stood up ?	camel
3501	The camel walk around and stopped as the woman pull the leash and the camel sat down and the woman got off the camel .	what walk around and stopped as the woman pull the leash and the camel sat down and the woman got off the camel ?	camel
3502	A grey car is parked on a driveway , then a person washes the rims of the car .	what is parked on the driveway , then a person washes the rims of the car ?	car
3502	A grey car is parked on a driveway , then a person washes the rims of the car .	what is the color of the car ?	gray
3503	After , the person spreads soap on the car with a bottle joint to a hose , after he brushes the front light of the car .	what does after , the person spread on the car with a bottle joint to a hose , ?	soap
3505	Next , the person rinses and dries the car .	what does next , the person rinse and dries ?	car
3506	A person is seen holding a tennis racket on a field and hits the ball across the field .	what does the person hit across the field ?	ball
3509	The fencers are shown inside a gym , practicing .	who are shown inside the gym , practicing ?	fencers
3518	A man is jumping high and does a flip into the water off of the diving board .	who is jumping high and does the flip into the water off of the diving board ?	man
3519	A person does a black flip into the water off the diving board .	what is the color of the flip ?	black
3520	A large Christmas tree is sitting in a room .	what is sitting in the room ?	tree
3520	A large Christmas tree is sitting in a room .	where is the large christmas tree sitting . ?	room
3522	A dog is walking around the Christmas tree .	what is walking around the christmas tree ?	dog
3523	little kid is standing in front of a counter with jars and ingedients in front of her .	who is standing in front of a counter with jars and ingedients in front of her ?	kid
3524	woman is putting sugar in a pan with water and heat it , put water and lemon juice and mixing all the ingredients in a jar .	who is putting sugar in a pan with water and heat it , put water and lemon juice and mixing all the ingredients in a jar ?	woman
3524	woman is putting sugar in a pan with water and heat it , put water and lemon juice and mixing all the ingredients in a jar .	what is woman putting in a pan with water and heat it , put water and lemon juice and mixing all the ingredients in a jar ?	sugar
3524	woman is putting sugar in a pan with water and heat it , put water and lemon juice and mixing all the ingredients in a jar .	where is woman putting sugar in a pan with water and heat it , put water and lemon juice and mixing all the ingredients . ?	jar
3525	A boy is playing with a ball .	who is playing with the ball ?	boy
3527	A man in a black jacket is watching them play .	what is the color of the jacket ?	black
3529	A little boy goes behind a ladder and other people keep walking around .	who goes behind the ladder and other people keep walking around ?	boy
3532	there are tourists waiting to get onto the camels to enjoy a camel back ride .	who are there waiting to get onto the camels to enjoy a camel back ride ?	tourists
3534	The camels slowly raise themselves up and begin walking around with the tourists on their backs .	what slowly raise themselves up and begin walking around with the tourists on their backs ?	camels
3535	The tourists are happy as they wave to the camera as they enjoy the camel ride .	who are happy as they wave to the camera as they enjoy the camel ride ?	tourists
3536	The camels walk slowly through the dry and muddy grasslands .	what walk slowly through the dry and muddy grasslands ?	camels
3537	Then the tourists get off of the camels and walk towards an outdoor dinning area where several tables are arranged with white tablecloths and dinnerware .	then who get off of the camels and walk towards an outdoor dinning area where several tables are arranged with white tablecloths and dinnerware ?	tourists
3538	A martini glass is being filled with vodka .	what is being filled with vodka ?	glass
3539	A woman is shown behind a bar with different alcohol bottles .	who is shown behind the bar with different alcohol bottles ?	woman
3541	There are band members talking about their concert in Canada .	who are there talking about their concert in canada ?	members
3544	The band members go bowling with the surprised fan and play at the bowling alley .	who go bowling with the surprised fan and play at the bowling alley ?	members
3549	The person sprays down the stainless steel sink with detergent in a spray bottle .	where did the person spray down the stainless steel sink . ?	bottle
3551	The faucet is turned on and is used to rinse out the sink .	what is turned on and is used to rinse out the sink ?	faucet
3553	man is doing skateboard and is felling of the board in different places .	who is doing skateboard and is felling of the board in different places ?	man
3554	man is skateboarding going down a large stairs and fells .	who is skateboarding going down the large stairs and fells ?	man
3555	man is skateboarding down a cement rail in stairs .	who is skateboarding down the cement rail in stairs ?	man
3557	Some of the players are avoiding the ball , so they continue to run around .	what are some of the players avoiding , so they continue to run around ?	ball
3559	The players kicked the ball to the next person on the opposite side of the court .	what did the players kick to the next person on the opposite side of the court ?	ball
3562	A woman is seen brushing copious amounts of hair off of a dog 's body and collecting the fur in her hand .	who is seen brushing copious amounts of hair off of a dog 's body and collecting the fur in her hand ?	woman
3563	The dog moves his leg a bit as the woman continues brushing and looks back to watch her brush .	what moves his leg a bit as the woman continues brushing and looks back to watch her brush ?	dog
3567	The lady whips her hair from side to side .	who whips her hair from side to side ?	lady
3569	The lady brushes her hair , applies gel to her parted hair , and starts to braid her hair .	who brushes her hair , applies gel to her parted hair , and starts to braid her hair ?	lady
3570	The lady puts a hair ties around the two braids .	who puts the hair ties around the two braids ?	lady
3570	The lady puts a hair ties around the two braids .	what does the lady put around the two braids ?	ties
3571	The lady puts a hat on her head .	who puts the hat on her head ?	lady
3572	The lady gives a peace sign and waves .	who gives the peace sign and waves ?	lady
3576	A man is seen kneeling down in a large field around small trees and holding a stick .	who is seen kneeling down in the large field around small trees and holding a stick ?	man
3577	The man then wacks the stick along the grass and moving his arms back and fourth .	who then wacks the stick along the grass and moving his arms back and fourth ?	man
3580	The canoe keeps floating while various bird are shown sitting in the water as well as the trees .	what keeps floating while various bird are shown sitting in the water as well as the trees ?	canoe
3581	A young man is sitting down in a room talking to three other people serving as news anchors .	who is sitting down in the room talking to three other people serving as news anchors ?	man
3581	A young man is sitting down in a room talking to three other people serving as news anchors .	where is the young man sitting down talking to three other people serving as news anchors . ?	room
3583	After , the four people begin talking again about the former president and his attire .	how many people do after , begin talking again about the former president and his attire ?	four
3584	A backyard seen appears with several people outside .	what seen appears with several people outside ?	backyard
3585	The people are playing a game of croquette , taking turns with the bat and hitting the balls .	what are the people playing a game of croquette , taking with the bat and hitting the balls ?	turns
3585	The people are playing a game of croquette , taking turns with the bat and hitting the balls .	what are the people playing a game of croquette , taking turns with the bat and hitting ?	balls
3587	People are standing in a swimming pool .	where are people standing . ?	pool
3588	Girls are dancing on the lawn in swim suits .	who are dancing on the lawn in swim suits ?	girls
3590	People begin playing water polo in the swimming pool .	where do people begin playing water polo . ?	pool
3591	A lemon sits on a cutting board .	what sits on the cutting board ?	lemon
3592	Someone chops the lemon and squeezes it into a glass .	what does someone chop ?	lemon
3594	They then add sugar to the mix .	what do they then add to the mix ?	sugar
3595	A large crane is seen sitting on the ground and leads into a man using tools on a wall .	who is seen sitting on the ground and leads into a man using tools on a wall ?	crane
3596	The camera continues to watch the person work as he uses the tool to create sparks on the wall .	what continues to watch the person work as he uses the tool to create sparks on the wall ?	camera
3597	women are in rubbers sliding down a snowy hill .	who are in rubbers sliding down a snowy hill ?	women
3598	women stands and laugh and walks .	who stands and laugh and walks ?	women
3599	A baby calf is seen running around a sand pit when a man riding a horse and swinging a rope begins to chase him .	what is seen running around the sand pit when a man riding a horse and swinging a rope begins to chase him ?	calf
3600	The man ties up the calf and rides away while the video leads into shots of a horse kicking a rider off of it 's back .	who ties up the calf and rides away while the video leads into shots of a horse kicking a rider off of it 's back ?	man
3603	A woman is holding a camera taking a picture .	who is holding the camera taking a picture ?	woman
3603	A woman is holding a camera taking a picture .	what is the woman holding ?	camera
3604	A woman in a blue shirt poses with a man for a picture .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
3605	A man is standing on top of a hill .	who is standing on top of a hill ?	man
3606	A woman is seated on a sled .	who is seated on the sled ?	woman
3608	Several people are watching a man in a white hat on a tennis court .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
3609	The man in the white hat is holding his hand up .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
3610	The ball is served and it goes outside the court .	what is served and it goes outside the court ?	ball
3611	The ball is thrown to the man in the white hat .	what is thrown to the man in the white hat ?	ball
3611	The ball is thrown to the man in the white hat .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
3612	The man in the white hat prepares to serve the ball .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
3613	A man is outside smoking a cigarette with his friend .	who is outside smoking the cigarette with his friend ?	man
3617	Two men are running on the baseball field .	how many men are running on the baseball field ?	two
3618	A ball appears and falls to the ground at home plate and a man kicks it .	what appears and falls to the ground at home plate and a man kicks it ?	ball
3618	A ball appears and falls to the ground at home plate and a man kicks it .	who does the ball appear and falls to the ground at home plate and kicks it ?	man
3619	Another man on the field catches the ball .	what does another man on the field catch ?	ball
3622	We see a girl with a braid then shaking loose curls in her hair .	who do we see with a braid then shaking loose curls in her hair ?	girl
3623	We watch the girl as she curls and braids her hair .	who do we watch ?	girl
3624	The girl using a curling iron and curls her hair .	who is using a curling iron and curls her hair ?	girl
3626	The girl shows us the back of her hair and then curls the bottom with a curling iron .	who shows us the back of her hair and then curls the bottom with a curling iron ?	girl
3627	The girl makes faces and the ending title screen then loads .	who makes faces and the ending title screen then loads ?	girl
3628	The camera pans a residence 's yard .	what pans the residence 's yard ?	camera
3629	A man wearing a white hoodie and black warm ups with white stripes is mowing the yard with a push lawn mower .	who is wearing a white hoodie and black warm ups with white stripes is mowing the yard with a push lawn mower ?	man
3629	A man wearing a white hoodie and black warm ups with white stripes is mowing the yard with a push lawn mower .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	white
3629	A man wearing a white hoodie and black warm ups with white stripes is mowing the yard with a push lawn mower .	what is the color of the ups ?	black
3629	A man wearing a white hoodie and black warm ups with white stripes is mowing the yard with a push lawn mower .	what is the color of the stripes ?	white
3630	The camera captures a rain storm starting and raining over the yard while the man continues to mow the yard .	what captures the rain storm starting and raining over the yard while the man continues to mow the yard ?	camera
3637	The man pours a drink into several glasses on the table .	who pours the drink into several glasses on the table ?	man
3637	The man pours a drink into several glasses on the table .	what does the man pour into several glasses on the table ?	drink
3638	A woman is making a drink on the table .	who is making the drink on the table ?	woman
3639	She pours a blue bottle into the drink .	what does she pour into the drink ?	bottle
3639	She pours a blue bottle into the drink .	what is the color of the bottle ?	blue
3640	She pours the drink into smaller glasses on the table .	what does she pour into smaller glasses on the table ?	drink
3641	man wearing a black vest is alone on a ring wrestling with another man who is kneeling on the floor .	who is wearing a black vest is alone on a ring wrestling with another man who is kneeling on the floor ?	man
3641	man wearing a black vest is alone on a ring wrestling with another man who is kneeling on the floor .	man wearing what is alone on a ring wrestling with another man who is kneeling on the floor ?	vest
3641	man wearing a black vest is alone on a ring wrestling with another man who is kneeling on the floor .	what is the color of the vest ?	black
3642	two other men gets in the ring and are wresting the man in the center .	how many other men gets in the ring and are wresting the man in the center ?	two
3644	three journalists are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring .	who are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring ?	journalists
3644	three journalists are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring .	how many journalists are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring ?	three
3648	She decorates the gift with ribbons and attachments to embellish it .	what does she decorate with ribbons and attachments ?	gift
3649	Several other gift wrapping ideas are then shown on the one after the other .	what are then shown on the one after the other ?	ideas
3651	A camera pans down a long list and leads into a group of men and one speaking to them all .	what pans down the long list and leads into a group of men and one speaking to them all ?	camera
3652	Two men shake hands and begin rolling paint along a long paper .	how many men shake hands and begin rolling paint along a long paper ?	two
3655	A woman is sitting outside her home and washing her clothes in a tub filled with water and soap .	who is sitting outside her home and washing her clothes in a tub filled with water and soap ?	woman
3655	A woman is sitting outside her home and washing her clothes in a tub filled with water and soap .	what is the woman sitting outside her home and washing in a tub filled with water and soap ?	clothes
3656	She removes the clothes from the tub and then soaks them in another tub filled with water .	what does she remove from the tub ?	clothes
3657	She puts the water hose into the water tub .	what does she put into the water tub ?	hose
3658	She adds more clothes in the soapy water and continues washing the clothes .	what does she add in the soapy water ?	clothes
3659	old man is standing in front of a young man talking to him .	who is standing in front of a young man talking to him ?	man
3660	young man is in the middle of stage and its spreading white cram on his hands and walks making deep beraths .	who is in the middle of stage and its spreading white cram on his hands and walks making deep beraths ?	man
3660	young man is in the middle of stage and its spreading white cram on his hands and walks making deep beraths .	what is the color of the cram ?	white
3661	man is ready to lifting weight in middle of a white stage and people behind jim is clapping .	who is ready to lifting weight in middle of a white stage and people behind jim is clapping ?	man
3661	man is ready to lifting weight in middle of a white stage and people behind jim is clapping .	what is the color of the stage ?	white
3663	A person then grades some cheese into a bowl and breaks open the pasta .	what did the person then grade into a bowl ?	cheese
3663	A person then grades some cheese into a bowl and breaks open the pasta .	what does the person then break open ?	pasta
3664	They put the pasta into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts all the ingredients into one pan together .	what did they put into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp ?	pasta
3664	They put the pasta into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts all the ingredients into one pan together .	what does they put into one pan together ?	ingredients
3666	A woman in a purple bodysuit and wearing a bib on her back approaches a wooden balance beam in front of a large audience who is cheering her on .	what is the color of the bodysuit ?	purple
3667	The woman jumps on the the balance beam and a man quickly grabs the ramp she used to jump onto the balance beam and removes it from the area .	what does the woman jumps on the the balance beam and a man quickly grab ?	ramp
3668	The woman begins her routine that includes , jumps , flips , and small dance moves .	who begins her routine that includes , jumps , flips , and small dance moves ?	woman
3669	During the routine the woman flips and slightly loses her balance but quickly recovers and remains on the balance beam .	during the routine who flips and slightly loses her balance but quickly recovers and remains on the balance beam ?	woman
3670	two twins dressed in the same way and with the same hairstyle are in a room talking to the camera .	how many twins dressed in the same way and with the same hairstyle are in a room talking to the camera ?	two
3672	Man in front holds a brushteeth and put some toothpaste and clean his teeth , then the guy introduces the toothbrush into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it .	man in front put what and clean his teeth , then the guy introduces the toothbrush into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it ?	toothpaste
3672	Man in front holds a brushteeth and put some toothpaste and clean his teeth , then the guy introduces the toothbrush into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it .	man in front holds a brushteeth and put some toothpaste and clean his teeth , then who introduces the toothbrush into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it ?	guy
3672	Man in front holds a brushteeth and put some toothpaste and clean his teeth , then the guy introduces the toothbrush into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it .	man in front holds a brushteeth and put some toothpaste and clean his teeth , then the guy introduces what into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it ?	toothbrush
3675	A person in a blue shirt falls down throwing the baseball .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
3679	The goalie attempts to block the shots that are aimed at the net .	who attempts to block the shots that are aimed at the net ?	goalie
3680	A man lays in bed and wakes up .	who lays in bed and wakes up ?	man
3680	A man lays in bed and wakes up .	where does the man lay . ?	bed
3681	The man makes and drinks a cup of coffee .	who makes and drinks the cup of coffee ?	man
3682	The man drinks from the cup and when he lowers the cup the man is dress as Captain America .	who drinks from the cup and when he lowers the cup the man is dress as captain america ?	man
3682	The man drinks from the cup and when he lowers the cup the man is dress as Captain America .	who does the man drink from the cup and is dress as captain america ?	man
3685	She turns the pants back the right way and continues ironing them .	what does she turn back the right way ?	pants
3686	A man is on a canoe holding a paddle in a swimming pool .	who is on the canoe holding a paddle in a swimming pool ?	man
3687	A man pivots a canoe helping with an oar .	who pivots the canoe helping with an oar ?	man
3687	A man pivots a canoe helping with an oar .	what does the man pivot helping with an oar ?	canoe
3688	A dog holding a cup in its mouth jumps up on a couch .	what is holding a cup in its mouth jumps up on a couch ?	dog
3689	The dog proceeds to eat something in the cup .	what proceeds to eat something in the cup ?	dog
3689	The dog proceeds to eat something in the cup .	where does the dog proceed to eat something . ?	cup
3696	A man in a red shirt is playing a drum set .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
3697	A man in a blue shirt is sitting down talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
3698	A woman talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	woman
3699	The woman irons a piece of clothing on an ironing board .	who irons the piece of clothing on an ironing board ?	woman
3700	The woman flips the piece of clothing .	who flips the piece of clothing ?	woman
3701	The woman continues to iron the piece of clothing .	who continues to iron the piece of clothing ?	woman
3702	A male athlete is outside in a field surrounded by people and begins to spin around and throws a shot put .	who is outside in the field surrounded by people and begins to spin around and throws a shot put ?	athlete
3703	The crowd begins to cheer and the man throws his hands up jumps in happiness .	who does the crowd begin and throws his hands up jumps in happiness ?	man
3704	A lady stands in a bathroom talking .	who stands in the bathroom talking ?	lady
3705	the lady shows the camera her brush and blow dryer .	who shows the camera her brush and blow dryer ?	lady
3706	The lady brushes her hair .	who brushes her hair ?	lady
3707	the lady blow drys her hair while she spins her hair on a brush .	who drys her hair while she spins her hair on a brush ?	blow
3708	The lady turns the blow dryer off and talks to the camera while she adjusts her hair .	who turns the blow dryer off and talks to the camera while she adjusts her hair ?	lady
3708	The lady turns the blow dryer off and talks to the camera while she adjusts her hair .	what does the lady turn blow off ?	dryer
3709	The lady puts her brush down and talks to the camera .	who puts her brush down and talks to the camera ?	lady
3711	Team mates come out waving a white flag .	what is the color of the flag ?	white
3714	A man is riding a horse in a rodeo ring .	who is riding the horse in a rodeo ring ?	man
3715	the man lassos a cow and throws it to the ground .	who lassos the cow and throws it to the ground ?	man
3715	the man lassos a cow and throws it to the ground .	what does the man lasso ?	cow
3716	the man then hog ties the cow .	who then hog ties the cow ?	man
3716	the man then hog ties the cow .	who does the man then tie the cow ?	hog
3716	the man then hog ties the cow .	what does the man then hog tie ?	cow
3717	The man gets back on his horse and we pan up and see the scoreboard .	who gets back on his horse and we pan up and see the scoreboard ?	man
3717	The man gets back on his horse and we pan up and see the scoreboard .	what does the man get back on his horse and we pan up and see ?	scoreboard
3718	Two little kids are eating an ice cream cone at mcdonalds .	who are eating an ice cream cone at mcdonalds ?	kids
3718	Two little kids are eating an ice cream cone at mcdonalds .	what are two little kids eating at mcdonalds ?	cone
3718	Two little kids are eating an ice cream cone at mcdonalds .	how many little kids are eating an ice cream cone at mcdonalds ?	two
3720	The little girl is playing peek a boo with someone and both of their faces have ice cream on them .	who is playing peek the boo with someone and both of their faces have ice cream on them ?	girl
3722	An asian woman is seen kneeling on the floor .	who is seen kneeling on the floor ?	woman
3725	Two men are rollerblading on a sidewalk of a quiet street .	how many men are rollerblading on the sidewalk of a quiet street ?	two
3727	There are some professionals rollerblading in a stadium and on a sidewalk by a fountain .	who are there rollerblading in a stadium and on a sidewalk by a fountain ?	professionals
3728	One man jumps over a chained sidewalk while rollerblading .	who jumps over the chained sidewalk while rollerblading ?	man
3728	One man jumps over a chained sidewalk while rollerblading .	how many man jumps over the chained sidewalk while rollerblading ?	one
3729	A couple is rollerblading on a sidewalk and another man is jumping over a barricade onto a sidewalk .	who is the couple rollerblading on a sidewalk and is jumping over a barricade onto a sidewalk ?	man
3733	Some of them are climbing stairs with their roller blades .	what are some of them climbing with their roller blades ?	stairs
3736	One man leaps over a wall while rollerblading .	who leaps over the wall while rollerblading ?	man
3736	One man leaps over a wall while rollerblading .	how many man leaps over the wall while rollerblading ?	one
3737	One person dives straight into water as he comes rollerblading at high speed .	how many person dives straight into water as he comes rollerblading at high speed ?	one
3739	Two boys jump into an S shaped structure while rollerblading .	who jump into an s shaped structure while rollerblading ?	boys
3739	Two boys jump into an S shaped structure while rollerblading .	how many boys jump into an s shaped structure while rollerblading ?	two
3740	Two people are doing figure eights on a bridge as they roller blade .	how many people are doing figure eights on a bridge as they roller blade ?	two
3741	One person goes steadily while rollerblading .	how many person goes steadily while rollerblading ?	one
3742	First the woman shows us how she looks with her afro before she makes a bug bun .	who does first show us how she looks with her afro before she makes a bug bun ?	woman
3744	Then she adds moisturizer to her hair and ties a ponytail holder onto her hair .	what does then she tie onto her hair ?	holder
3750	The athlete then sits down while another stands next to him and prepares .	who then sits down while another stands next to him and prepares ?	athlete
3751	The man is then seen jumping over a bar followed by the same shot being shown again .	who is then seen jumping over the bar followed by the same shot being shown again ?	man
3756	The woman holds a glass and mixes various liquids into the glass .	who holds the glass and mixes various liquids into the glass ?	woman
3759	The coach briefly speaks about how gives them rest before every competition .	who briefly speaks about how gives them rest before every competition ?	coach
3762	A woman is seen standing before a camera and begins putting lotion on her hands and rubbing it round her face .	who is seen standing before the camera and begins putting lotion on her hands and rubbing it round her face ?	woman
3763	The woman continuously rubs lotion all into her face and ends by looking into the camera .	who continuously rubs lotion all into her face and ends by looking into the camera ?	woman
3764	Two women are in a room standing behind a table and one holds up a teddy bear .	who are in the room standing behind a table and one holds up a teddy bear ?	women
3764	Two women are in a room standing behind a table and one holds up a teddy bear .	what are two women in a room standing behind a table and one holds up ?	bear
3764	Two women are in a room standing behind a table and one holds up a teddy bear .	how many women are in the room standing behind a table ?	two
3765	The two the help each other , and begin by taking out a roll of wrapping paper .	how many the help each other , and begin by taking out a roll of wrapping paper ?	two
3766	After , the young girl begins to cut , fold , and tape the paper and places the bear inside .	after , who begins to cut , fold , and tape the paper and places the bear inside ?	girl
3766	After , the young girl begins to cut , fold , and tape the paper and places the bear inside .	what does after , the young girl place inside ?	bear
3767	Finally , the task is complete and she holds the finished product up on the table .	what is finally , the task complete and she holds up on the table ?	product
3769	First the man tells how he heard about the service and how great it is .	who does first tell how he heard about the service and how great it is ?	man
3771	The white water polo team huddles together .	what is the color of the team ?	white
3772	The game begins and blue scores while deep in the white defense to tie the game .	what is the color of the scores ?	blue
3772	The game begins and blue scores while deep in the white defense to tie the game .	what is the color of the defense ?	white
3774	Blue moves in and after a couple of passes ties the game back up .	what is the color of the moves ?	blue
3776	A scramble for the ball results in white gaining a 2-on-1 advantage and a goal .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
3781	The girl threw the frisbee and the dog chase of it and placed it on the ground .	who threw the frisbee and the dog chase of it and placed it on the ground ?	girl
3784	The man then removes the jack from under the car and tightens the lugs again with the tool and he stands up out of breath and smiles .	who then removes the jack from under the car and tightens the lugs again with the tool and he stands up out of breath and smiles ?	man
3784	The man then removes the jack from under the car and tightens the lugs again with the tool and he stands up out of breath and smiles .	who does the man then tighten again with the tool and he stands up out of breath and smiles ?	lugs
3785	A handyman is standing in front of a porch and talking .	who is standing in front of a porch and talking ?	handyman
3786	The man uses two squeegees to clean two windows at the same time .	who uses two squeegees to clean two windows at the same time ?	man
3786	The man uses two squeegees to clean two windows at the same time .	what does the man use ?	squeegees
3786	The man uses two squeegees to clean two windows at the same time .	how many squeegees does the man use to clean two windows at the same time ?	two
3787	The man finishes and puts his tools in his tool belt .	who finishes and puts his tools in his tool belt ?	man
3787	The man finishes and puts his tools in his tool belt .	what does the man finish and puts in his tool belt ?	tools
3787	The man finishes and puts his tools in his tool belt .	where does the man finish and puts his tools . ?	belt
3789	A camera is seen moving closer to a playground and shows a woman going down a slide .	what is seen moving closer to the playground and shows a woman going down a slide ?	camera
3789	A camera is seen moving closer to a playground and shows a woman going down a slide .	who does the camera show going down a slide ?	woman
3791	The woman rides down several more times with the small dog next to her .	who rides down several more times with the small dog next to her ?	woman
3792	Two people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into them passing a ball on sticks to one another .	how many people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into them passing a ball on sticks to one another ?	two
3793	The woman pauses to speak to the camera several times as well as show more clips of the two hitting the ball .	who pauses to speak to the camera several times as well as show more clips of the two hitting the ball ?	woman
3795	A yellow volleyball is thrown between people in a pool .	what is the color of the volleyball ?	yellow
3796	A person makes a goal with the yellow volleyball in a white net .	what is the color of the volleyball ?	yellow
3796	A person makes a goal with the yellow volleyball in a white net .	what is the color of the net ?	white
3797	The ball is thrown to the other side of the pool where another goal is met in a white net on the opposite side of the pool .	what is thrown to the other side of the pool where another goal is met in a white net on the opposite side of the pool ?	ball
3797	The ball is thrown to the other side of the pool where another goal is met in a white net on the opposite side of the pool .	what is the color of the net ?	white
3798	There 's a person wearing pink gloves doing a tutorial on how to clean a white kitchen sink .	there 's a person wearing what ?	gloves
3798	There 's a person wearing pink gloves doing a tutorial on how to clean a white kitchen sink .	what is the color of the sink ?	white
3799	The person sprays some white cleaning powder in the sink and then sprays some Clorox bleach on it .	what is the color of the powder ?	white
3799	The person sprays some white cleaning powder in the sink and then sprays some Clorox bleach on it .	where did the person spray some white cleaning powder . ?	sink
3804	A man is talking to the camera next to a fence .	who is talking to the camera next to a fence ?	man
3805	The man is holding a paintbrush .	who is holding the paintbrush ?	man
3805	The man is holding a paintbrush .	what is the man holding ?	paintbrush
3806	The man dips the paintbrush into a bucket of paint and starts painting the fence .	who dips the paintbrush into a bucket of paint and starts painting the fence ?	man
3806	The man dips the paintbrush into a bucket of paint and starts painting the fence .	what did the man dip into a bucket of paint ?	paintbrush
3807	The man moves along the fence painting it .	who moves along the fence painting it ?	man
3808	The man finishes painting and steps away from the fence .	who finishes painting and steps away from the fence ?	man
3809	A woman standing in front of the white sing , turned on the faucet , got some liquid soap and wash her hand .	the woman standing in front of the white sing , turned on the faucet , got what and wash her hand ?	soap
3809	A woman standing in front of the white sing , turned on the faucet , got some liquid soap and wash her hand .	what is the color of the sing ?	white
3810	She turned around and get some hand napkins from the wall , wiped her hands and threw the paper in the trash basket .	what do she get from the wall ?	napkins
3810	She turned around and get some hand napkins from the wall , wiped her hands and threw the paper in the trash basket .	where did she throw the paper . ?	basket
3811	A woman comes onto the screen announcing that she will do a video on how to make a cookie dessert .	who comes onto the screen announcing that she will do a video on how to make a cookie dessert ?	woman
3813	She then proceeds to mix the wet ingredients in a glass bowl .	where does she then proceed to mix the wet ingredients . ?	bowl
3817	A small child is seen sitting on a swing smiling at the camera .	who is seen sitting on the swing smiling at the camera ?	child
3818	The boy moves back and fourth on the swing while another boy is seen swinging next to him .	who moves back and fourth on the swing while another boy is seen swinging next to him ?	boy
3820	Several clips are shown of robots fighting one another as well as the inside and outside of a building .	what are shown of robots fighting one another as well as the inside and outside of a building ?	clips
3821	More robots are shown close up as well as people adjusting the robots and setting them down to fight .	what are shown close up as well as people adjusting the robots and setting them down to fight ?	robots
3823	A leaf blower machine blows a large pile of leaves around a parking lot .	what blows the large pile of leaves around a parking lot ?	machine
3824	The machine continues moving through the lot and flowing the leaves into a large pile .	what continues moving through the lot and flowing the leaves into a large pile ?	machine
3826	The lady puts a log on a platform .	who puts the log on a platform ?	lady
3827	We see chickens running around the background .	what do we see running around the background ?	chickens
3828	The lady laughs as she picks up a piece of wood .	who laughs as she picks up a piece of wood ?	lady
3830	The lady finishes and throws her hands in the air .	who finishes and throws her hands in the air ?	lady
3831	Girls are talking to the camera .	who are talking to the camera ?	girls
3834	A girl is laying on the ged as another girl puts her butt in her face .	who is laying on the ged as another girl puts her butt in her face ?	girl
3835	The girl is talking to the camera again .	who is talking to the camera again ?	girl
3837	They lay the cat down on their lap .	what did they lay down on their lap ?	cat
3841	They take the cat back and set it in a chair .	where did they set it . ?	chair
3842	a male athlete prepares to run down a track .	who prepares to run down the track ?	athlete
3845	A man serves a tennis ball with a racket while he talks .	who serves the tennis ball with a racket while he talks ?	man
3845	A man serves a tennis ball with a racket while he talks .	what does the man serve with a racket ?	ball
3846	The man bounces a ball and shows how to move the body , then he serves a ball .	who bounces the ball and shows how to move the body , then he serves a ball ?	man
3846	The man bounces a ball and shows how to move the body , then he serves a ball .	what does the man bounce , then he serves a ball ?	ball
3846	The man bounces a ball and shows how to move the body , then he serves a ball .	the man bounces a ball and shows , then he serves what ?	ball
3847	The man continues talking in the tennis court .	who continues talking in the tennis court ?	man
3848	We see the opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
3853	We see two teams of men playing soccer indoors .	how many teams do we see of men playing soccer indoors ?	two
3854	Two men collide and fall to the ground .	how many men collide and fall to the ground ?	two
3855	Three men high five and hug each other .	how many men high five and hug each other ?	three
3856	A man throws the ball clear across the room to the other goal .	who throws the ball clear across the room to the other goal ?	man
3857	Two sets of people n the crowd are interviewed .	how many sets of people n the crowd are interviewed ?	two
3859	We see three men stand and pose for a photo and a man is interviewed before we return to the game .	who do we see and is interviewed before we return to the game ?	man
3859	We see three men stand and pose for a photo and a man is interviewed before we return to the game .	how many men do we see stand and pose for a photo ?	three
3861	They are driving in a car down a street .	where are they driving . ?	car
3863	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into several shots of a boat on water as well as people holding a camera and wake boarding .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into several shots of a boat on water as well as people holding a camera and wake boarding ?	man
3865	More clips are shown of them wakeboarding as well as riding in the boat and jumping into the water .	what are shown of them wakeboarding as well as riding in the boat and jumping into the water ?	clips
3866	women are in the background of a gym lifting weights .	who are in the background of a gym lifting weights ?	women
3867	man is preparing himself to lift weigh and stands in front of weight .	who is preparing himself to lift weigh and stands in front of weight ?	man
3869	She gets her pole and starts running with it and jumps onto the cushion .	what does she get ?	pole
3870	Then , other women follow suit doing the same after her scoring differently .	who do then , follow suit doing the same after her scoring differently ?	women
3870	Then , other women follow suit doing the same after her scoring differently .	what do then , other women follow doing the same after her scoring differently ?	suit
3872	A woman is seen with seen wearing a tanktop with introduction text .	who is seen with seen wearing the tanktop with introduction text ?	woman
3874	The woman begins to puts eye liner on with a fine pencil .	who begins to puts eye liner on with a fine pencil ?	woman
3875	The women takes cloth ties out of here hair and lets her hair down which is now curled .	who takes cloth ties out of here hair and lets her hair down which is now curled ?	women
3876	The woman uses a comb and hairspray to straighten parts of here hair then ties it back .	who uses the comb and hairspray to straighten parts of here hair then ties it back ?	woman
3881	As they play , a woman is shown on the side of the field taking pictures and a small logo for the photography shows on the end of the screen .	who is , shown on the side of the field taking pictures and a small logo for the photography shows on the end of the screen ?	woman
3886	A man throws a ball onto a field .	who throws the ball onto a field ?	man
3886	A man throws a ball onto a field .	what does the man throw onto a field ?	ball
3889	A man is standing in a living room .	who is standing in the living room ?	man
3889	A man is standing in a living room .	where is the man standing . ?	room
3892	A group of people , float in a line , down a narrow stream of water in donut shaped , black inflatable rafts .	what is the color of the inflatable ?	black
3893	One woman gets stuck on a rock in the raft and shimmies herself loose .	who gets stuck on the rock in the raft and shimmies herself loose ?	woman
3893	One woman gets stuck on a rock in the raft and shimmies herself loose .	how many woman gets stuck on the rock in the raft and shimmies herself loose ?	one
3894	man is holding a impact drill pulling out a car wheel .	who is holding the impact drill pulling out a car wheel ?	man
3894	man is holding a impact drill pulling out a car wheel .	what is man holding ?	drill
3895	man is holding the wheel in a table and taking out the rubber from the rim and he changes it for another .	who is holding the wheel in a table and taking out the rubber from the rim and he changes it for another ?	man
3896	car is in street next to a mountain .	what is in street next to a mountain ?	car
3896	car is in street next to a mountain .	where is car . ?	street
3898	The guy moves closer to the edge .	who moves closer to the edge ?	guy
3899	Two men places hooks on the guy .	how many men places hooks on the guy ?	two
3900	A man release a rope .	who release the rope ?	man
3900	A man release a rope .	what do the man release ?	rope
3901	The guy jumps of the edge or bungee jumps .	who jumps of the edge or bungee jumps ?	guy
3902	A toy dog is walking on the floor .	what is walking on the floor ?	dog
3904	Someone picks the dog up and puts it back down .	what does someone pick up ?	dog
3905	A man is seen speaking to the camera while moving his arms around and others swim in a pool behind him .	who is seen speaking to the camera while moving his arms around and others swim in a pool behind him ?	man
3906	The man continues speaking to the camera and a person jumps off the diving board behind him .	who continues speaking to the camera and a person jumps off the diving board behind him ?	man
3908	The man begins by encouraging the audience to clap by throwing his hands up at the crowd and gesturing for applause .	who begins by encouraging the audience to clap by throwing his hands up at the crowd and gesturing for applause ?	man
3909	The man then kneels slightly to prepare for the run and begins to run down a stretch of narrow lane before catapulting in the air over the sandpit .	who then kneels slightly to prepare for the run and begins to run down a stretch of narrow lane before catapulting in the air over the sandpit ?	man
3911	We see ladies dealing cards on purple tables in a casino with no customers .	what is the color of the tables ?	purple
3912	the dealer smiles and deals cards and points to them .	who smiles and deals cards and points to them ?	dealer
3913	The dealer finishes and waves her arms across the table as words appear on the screen .	who finishes and waves her arms across the table as words appear on the screen ?	dealer
3914	A man is seen speaking to the camera while walking around a kitchen and checking on food .	who is seen speaking to the camera while walking around a kitchen and checking on food ?	man
3915	Several shots of food are shown on tables as well as racks and the chef continues to speak to the staff behind .	who are several shots of food shown on tables as well as racks and continues to speak to the staff behind ?	chef
3916	The man walks out front and speaks with the customers that are coming in and finished by speaking to the camera .	who walks out front and speaks with the customers that are coming in and finished by speaking to the camera ?	man
3917	A woman brush the hair of a girl while talking sitting on a bed .	who brush the hair of a girl while talking sitting on a bed ?	woman
3918	Then , the woman kneel on the bed and touch the shoulders of the girl .	then , who kneel on the bed and touch the shoulders of the girl ?	woman
3920	The woman continues hitting the drums while the crowd watches and ends with text scrolling across the screen .	who continues hitting the drums while the crowd watches and ends with text scrolling across the screen ?	woman
3922	Cheerleaders are standing next to them watching .	who are standing next to them watching ?	cheerleaders
3923	A woman is playing soccer on a beach .	who is playing soccer on a beach ?	woman
3924	A man in a red shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
3925	Two men skateboarding at an indoor skate park along side each other .	how many men skateboarding at an indoor skate park along side each other ?	two
3927	One of them tries again and again and the other gets a stick out of his bag and extends it towards the rail .	what does one of them try again and again and the other gets out of his bag and extends it towards the rail ?	stick
3928	Then , another male comes and joins in , they play rock paper scissors and get back on board .	what do then , , they play ?	scissors
3929	We see a basketball title screen .	what do we see basketball ?	screen
3930	A man is coaching as a teen makes basketball shots .	who is coaching as the teen makes basketball shots ?	man
3931	The man takes the ball and demonstrates a hip move the the boy tries .	who takes the ball and demonstrates a hip move the the boy tries ?	man
3932	The man demonstrates something and the boy shoots the ball .	who demonstrates something and the boy shoots the ball ?	man
3934	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
3935	We see an animated opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
3936	A man is driving then gets out of his car .	who gets out of his car ?	man
3937	We see a man rollerblading in a plaza and a skate park .	who do we see rollerblading in a plaza and a skate park ?	man
3938	We see the man 's feet in the blades then a man 's face .	who do we see feet in the blades then a man 's face ?	man
3940	We see the man skate across a bench then put on sunglasses .	what do we see across a bench then put on sunglasses ?	skate
3942	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
3943	two girl teams play field hockey with hockey sticks and a small ball .	who play field hockey with hockey sticks and a small ball ?	teams
3943	two girl teams play field hockey with hockey sticks and a small ball .	how many girl teams play field hockey with hockey sticks and a small ball ?	two
3945	We see a man dive into a pool in slow motion .	what do we see into a pool in slow motion ?	dive
3947	We see a lady clapping .	who do we see ?	clapping
3948	We see the diver being interviewed .	who do we see being interviewed ?	diver
3952	The sun peeks from behind the clouds and lights the scene up .	what peeks from behind the clouds and lights the scene up ?	sun
3953	the man stops and empties grass in the garbage .	who stops and empties grass in the garbage ?	man
3954	A man enters carrying a baby and leaves .	who enters carrying the baby and leaves ?	man
3955	The man mows along side of the bushes .	who mows along side of the bushes ?	man
3956	The man stops and empties his bag again .	who stops and empties his bag again ?	man
3956	The man stops and empties his bag again .	what does the man empty again ?	bag
3957	The man empties his bag and puts it back on the mower and walks away .	who empties his bag and puts it back on the mower and walks away ?	man
3957	The man empties his bag and puts it back on the mower and walks away .	what does the man empty ?	bag
3958	A woman is seen performing a dance routine while moving around on the beach near the water .	who is seen performing the dance routine while moving around on the beach near the water ?	woman
3959	The woman continues moving around on the beach shaking her arms and legs and looking off into the distance .	who continues moving around on the beach shaking her arms and legs and looking off into the distance ?	woman
3961	There are a few spectators looking on from the sides of the pool , while a referee is following the actions to stay in control of the match .	who are there looking on from the sides of the pool , while a referee is following the actions to stay in control of the match ?	spectators
3965	The man interviews the camera and leads into another dancer performing steps .	who interviews the camera and leads into another dancer performing steps ?	man
3965	The man interviews the camera and leads into another dancer performing steps .	what does the man interview ?	camera
3967	A man is seated on a couch .	who is seated on the couch ?	man
3970	He then places two pieces of fruit on top , and eats them off with his mouth .	how many pieces does he then place of fruit on top ?	two
3971	Descriptive text is shown against a red movie curtain backdrop .	what is the color of the backdrop ?	red
3972	A coach shows different leg stances to a student for playing badminton .	who shows different leg stances to a student for playing badminton ?	coach
3973	The coach returns serves from the student using the racket during a practice drill .	who serves from the student using the racket during a practice drill ?	returns
3974	The students returns serves from the instructor for a practice drill .	who serves from the instructor for a practice drill ?	returns
3975	A man kneels on a mat and shows her back an front with his left hand while talking .	who kneels on the mat and shows her back an front with his left hand while talking ?	man
3976	Then , the man lift a kettlebell and put on front his chest while talking .	then , who lift the kettlebell and put on front his chest while talking ?	man
3977	Then , the man put the kettlebell on the floor and continues talking .	then , who put the kettlebell on the floor and continues talking ?	man
3978	A woman is seen standing in front of mirror with a man beside her followed by her laying on a table .	who is seen standing in front of mirror with a man beside her followed by her laying on a table ?	woman
3979	The man then quickly tattoos her face and transitions into her sitting up then back down again to show off her tattoo .	who then quickly tattoos her face and transitions into her sitting up then back down again to show off her tattoo ?	man
3980	woman is in a shower spreading soap and water in her arms .	who is in the shower spreading soap and water in her arms ?	woman
3981	woman is shaving her legs on the bathtub .	who is shaving her legs on the bathtub ?	woman
3982	someone open the curtains and is a man that is inside and runs from the bathroom with a mask on his face .	what do someone open ?	curtains
3982	someone open the curtains and is a man that is inside and runs from the bathroom with a mask on his face .	who is someone from the bathroom with a mask on his face ?	man
3985	More games continue and the guy who was pointing begins making goals and leading his team .	who do more games continue and begins making goals and leading his team ?	guy
3986	A red and blue triple-A logo is pictured on a white screen and then the screen flashes to a big snow truck .	what is the red and blue triple-a logo pictured on a white screen and then flashes to a big snow truck ?	screen
3986	A red and blue triple-A logo is pictured on a white screen and then the screen flashes to a big snow truck .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
3990	A man wearing a white shirt and a camouflage print hat and ear and lip piercings is demonstrating how to do permanent tattoos .	who is wearing a white shirt and a camouflage print hat and ear and lip piercings is demonstrating how to do permanent tattoos ?	man
3990	A man wearing a white shirt and a camouflage print hat and ear and lip piercings is demonstrating how to do permanent tattoos .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
3992	Then he places a stencil on the client 's arm to lay down the outline of the tattoo .	what does then he place on the client 's arm to lay down the outline of the tattoo ?	stencil
3997	A little baby is outside holding a stick attempting to hit the pinata with it .	who is outside holding the stick attempting to hit the pinata with it ?	baby
3997	A little baby is outside holding a stick attempting to hit the pinata with it .	what is the little baby outside holding attempting to hit the pinata with it ?	stick
3998	Behind her , a lady is holding up the baby and assisting her as she hits the pinata .	who is behind her , holding up the baby and assisting her as she hits the pinata ?	lady
3998	Behind her , a lady is holding up the baby and assisting her as she hits the pinata .	who is behind her , a lady holding up and assisting her as she hits the pinata ?	baby
3999	As the pinata bounces up and down , the young baby barely hits it and then ends up turning towards the camera .	, who barely hits it and then ends up turning towards the camera ?	baby
4000	A little girl is seated at a table in front of two glasses , a 7up bottle and a plate of lime slices .	who is seated at the table in front of two glasses , a 7up bottle and a plate of lime slices ?	girl
4003	A man then cuts her hair real short while another man looks in from outside .	who then cuts her hair real short while another man looks in from outside ?	man
4004	A man is outside in a soccer field putting his equipment in a book bag .	who is outside in the soccer field putting his equipment in a book bag ?	man
4004	A man is outside in a soccer field putting his equipment in a book bag .	what is the man outside in a soccer field putting in a book bag ?	equipment
4004	A man is outside in a soccer field putting his equipment in a book bag .	where is the man outside in a soccer field putting his equipment . ?	bag
4006	The main tasks begins and the man begins running through the woods .	who does the main tasks begin and begins running through the woods ?	man
4009	The boy sneaks out onto a field where another boy is playing field hockey .	who sneaks out onto the field where another boy is playing field hockey ?	boy
4011	The boy playing field hockey is seen leaping around in the background .	who is playing field hockey is seen leaping around in the background ?	boy
4012	The boy in the hat kicks the ball back to the field hockey player and another player is seen .	what does the boy in the hat kick back to the field hockey player and another player is seen ?	ball
4013	The two field hockey players are seen running around and hitting the field hockey ball with their sticks .	how many field hockey players are seen running around and hitting the field hockey ball with their sticks ?	two
4015	A little girl uses a sweeper to hit a disc .	who uses the sweeper to hit a disc ?	girl
4015	A little girl uses a sweeper to hit a disc .	who does the little girl use ?	sweeper
4016	The disc travels down the court before stopping , as do further discs .	what travels down the court before stopping , as do further discs ?	disc
4018	There are several passengers traveling in a subway train .	who are there traveling in a subway train ?	passengers
4019	Two of the passengers are seated on folding chairs and they 're playing drums on bongos .	what are two of the passengers seated on folding chairs and they 're playing on bongos ?	drums
4021	One young boy who is seated near the players is watching them play .	who is watching them play ?	boy
4023	After they stop playing , one person applauds them .	how many person do after they stop playing , applauds them ?	one
4024	Three men exhibit hammer throws in an outdoor Olympic event surrounded by onlookers on the field and in bleachers .	what does three men throw in an outdoor olympic event surrounded by onlookers on the field and in bleachers ?	hammer
4024	Three men exhibit hammer throws in an outdoor Olympic event surrounded by onlookers on the field and in bleachers .	how many men exhibit hammer throws in an outdoor olympic event surrounded by onlookers on the field and in bleachers ?	three
4025	Two more men perform a hammer throw in the same way releasing the hammer into the air to fly out into a field .	how many more men perform the hammer throw in the same way releasing the hammer into the air to fly out into a field ?	two
4026	Three men stand in the middle of a field and hold up medals that hanging around their necks .	how many men stand in the middle of a field and hold up medals that hanging around their necks ?	three
4028	A person starts the mower and begins pushing it alongside the rock border .	what does the person start ?	mower
4030	The man 's face is shown just before he turns off the camera .	who face is shown just before he turns off the camera ?	man
4031	Children are riding the bumper cars at an amusement park or carnival .	what are children riding at an amusement park or carnival ?	cars
4032	A Traffic jam traps the little girls in the middle of cars .	what traps the little girls in the middle of cars ?	jam
4035	A dog is seen running up and down the field in the middle of the audience .	what is seen running up and down the field in the middle of the audience ?	dog
4036	The dog keeps running back and fourth while the camera watches from the side .	what keeps running back and fourth while the camera watches from the side ?	dog
4037	A person in a black shirt gets hit by a ball .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
4038	People standing on the beach are tossing around an orange ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	orange
4040	We see a colorful and playful title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4042	A woman walks through the door .	who walks through the door ?	woman
4045	The lady in white sees the camera and hides .	what is the color of the lady ?	white
4050	Several people in a lab create a formula , and interview with a journalist , interspersed with images of people applying sunscreen to themselves .	where do several people create a formula , and interview with a journalist , interspersed with images of people applying sunscreen to themselves . ?	lab
4052	A woman in a lab prepares a formula of varied ingredients interspersed with talking to a camera .	where does the woman prepare a formula of varied ingredients interspersed with talking to a camera . ?	lab
4053	young man is playing the harmonica .	who is playing the harmonica ?	man
4053	young man is playing the harmonica .	what is young man playing ?	harmonica
4054	young man introduces his video lesson and lays out the lesson plan .	who introduces his video lesson and lays out the lesson plan ?	man
4056	An athletic woman is seen stepping up to a beam and beginnings performing a gymnastics routine on it .	who is seen stepping up to the beam and beginnings performing a gymnastics routine on it ?	woman
4057	A man is seen speaking to the camera an leads into clips of him demonstrating martial arts with another man .	who is seen speaking to the camera an leads into clips of him demonstrating martial arts with another man ?	man
4060	Some guys in a room prepare to do a trick with a beer can .	where do some guys prepare to do a trick with a beer can . ?	room
4062	Shortly thereafter , the guy begins throwing up all the beer into a trash can while everyone laughs .	who does shortly thereafter , begin throwing up all the beer into a trash can while everyone laughs ?	guy
4068	A close up of a white fencing mask and a black fencing mask .	what is the color of the mask ?	white
4068	A close up of a white fencing mask and a black fencing mask .	what is the color of the mask ?	black
4069	A fencing coach gives instruction to the two fencing competitors .	who gives instruction to the two fencing competitors ?	coach
4070	Two competitors discus fencing strategies .	who discus fencing strategies ?	competitors
4070	Two competitors discus fencing strategies .	how many competitors discus fencing strategies ?	two
4074	The car show shows the inside of some pretty neat cars with beautiful exteriors .	what shows the inside of some pretty neat cars with beautiful exteriors ?	show
4077	A man is seen hosting a news segment that leads into several shots of people shuffling pucks along the ice in slow motion .	who is seen hosting the news segment that leads into several shots of people shuffling pucks along the ice in slow motion ?	man
4080	She folds the pants neatly on an ironing board and begins ironing the paints thoroughly .	what does she fold neatly on an ironing board ?	pants
4081	The camera focuses on a smiling man seated next to others .	what focuses on the smiling man seated next to others ?	camera
4082	Another individual walks through the frame foreground and briefly obscures the first man .	another individual briefly obscures who ?	man
4088	We see the man outdoors swimming and make 3 goals .	who do we see ?	swimming
4088	We see the man outdoors swimming and make 3 goals .	how many goals do we make ?	three
4090	A group of boys are shown running down a gym holding hands and putting their hands into the air .	how many holding hands are the group of boys shown running down and putting their hands into the air ?	gym
4091	A woman speaks to the boys while they drink some water and transitions into them playing a game and scoring a goal .	who speaks to the boys while they drink some water and transitions into them playing a game and scoring a goal ?	woman
4093	We see two little girls in coats playing in the sand .	how many little girls do we see in coats playing in the sand ?	two
4094	We pan left and see the ocean .	what do we pan see ?	ocean
4098	The left girl moves her hair out of her face as she talks to the camera .	who moves her hair out of her face as she talks to the camera ?	girl
4099	A man is standing beside a counter while holding a rag .	who is standing beside the counter while holding a rag ?	man
4102	A blue screen flashes with yellow writing with a title page and several paragraphs .	what flashes with yellow writing with a title page and several paragraphs ?	screen
4102	A blue screen flashes with yellow writing with a title page and several paragraphs .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
4102	A blue screen flashes with yellow writing with a title page and several paragraphs .	what is the color of the writing ?	yellow
4103	A man then appears in a cage with a circle in it spinning in circles before he throws a shot put .	who then appears in the cage with a circle in it spinning in circles before he throws a shot put ?	man
4105	Ingredients are shown on a sliver platter .	what are shown on the sliver platter ?	ingredients
4106	A man begins chopping food on a black chopping board .	who begins chopping food on a black chopping board ?	man
4106	A man begins chopping food on a black chopping board .	what is the color of the board ?	black
4107	He adds pasta to a large pot on the stove .	what does he add to a large pot on the stove ?	pasta
4110	He puts the pasta into a bowl .	what does he put into a bowl ?	pasta
4112	A baby is sitting at a table eating a Popsicle .	who is sitting at the table eating a popsicle ?	baby
4115	A young woman is sitting in a chair playing with a cat .	who is sitting in the chair playing with a cat ?	woman
4118	A group of kids are running between orange cones on a court .	what is the color of the cones ?	orange
4120	A woman is ironing a brown shirt on an ironing board .	who is ironing the brown shirt on an ironing board ?	woman
4120	A woman is ironing a brown shirt on an ironing board .	what is the color of the shirt ?	brown
4123	She lifts the shirt up and puts it over the ironing board .	what does she lift up ?	shirt
4124	She turns the shirt inside out and holds it up .	what does she turn out ?	inside
4125	A girl sits a table talking .	who sits the table talking ?	girl
4126	We see an intro screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4127	The girl sits at the table and shows a gift bag .	who sits at the table and shows a gift bag ?	girl
4127	The girl sits at the table and shows a gift bag .	what does the girl show ?	bag
4128	A cat runs across the table and jumps off .	what runs across the table and jumps off ?	cat
4130	The girl moves the cat off the table and onto the floor .	who moves the cat off the table and onto the floor ?	girl
4130	The girl moves the cat off the table and onto the floor .	what does the girl move off the table and onto the floor ?	cat
4131	The girl adds more tissue paper to the bag .	who adds more tissue paper to the bag ?	girl
4132	Several cups are shown sitting on a table with a man standing behind .	what are shown sitting on the table with a man standing behind ?	cups
4133	The man then throws the ball into a cup and cheers .	who then throws the ball into a cup and cheers ?	man
4133	The man then throws the ball into a cup and cheers .	what does the man then throw into a cup and cheers ?	ball
4135	People wash a car with water using a hose .	what do people wash with water using a hose ?	car
4136	A man stands on the side watching the men .	who stands on the side watching the men ?	man
4137	Then , the men put soap on the car , after they rinse the car with water .	what did then , the men put on the car , ?	soap
4138	A man gets inside the car .	who gets inside the car ?	man
4139	A kid rides an inner tube down a big snow hill .	who rides an inner tube down a big snow hill ?	kid
4139	A kid rides an inner tube down a big snow hill .	what did the kid rid down a big snow hill ?	tube
4141	A woman is standing outdoors in a pink martial arts outfit .	who is standing outdoors in a pink martial arts outfit ?	woman
4144	A woman is seen wearing roller blades and speaking to the camera .	who is seen wearing roller blades and speaking to the camera ?	woman
4148	The man continues speaking as he leads the dog around the neighborhood .	who continues speaking as he leads the dog around the neighborhood ?	man
4149	An older gentleman is brushing a brown horse .	who is brushing the brown horse ?	gentleman
4149	An older gentleman is brushing a brown horse .	what is an older gentleman brushing ?	horse
4149	An older gentleman is brushing a brown horse .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
4151	The horse lifts its leg up .	what lifts its leg up ?	horse
4152	A dog is seen laying comfortably in a large bowl with a man beside him .	what is seen laying comfortably in the large bowl with a man beside him ?	dog
4153	The man is seen kneeling down next to the dog and begins rubbing him down .	who is seen kneeling down next to the dog and begins rubbing him down ?	man
4154	The man continues to clean off the dog in the bath .	who continues to clean off the dog in the bath ?	man
4154	The man continues to clean off the dog in the bath .	where does the man continue to clean off the dog . ?	bath
4155	People are playing dodge ball in a gym .	what are people playing in a gym ?	ball
4155	People are playing dodge ball in a gym .	where are people playing dodge ball . ?	gym
4157	A man pushes a tube down a hill .	who pushes the tube down a hill ?	man
4157	A man pushes a tube down a hill .	what does the man push down a hill ?	tube
4159	A person in a red jacket is standing at the bottom .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
4160	A man is seen speaking to a woman as she puts on a belt and then walks on stage .	who is seen speaking to the woman as she puts on a belt and then walks on stage ?	man
4161	The woman then bends down and lifts a large weight over her head , followed by throwing it down and walking off stage .	who then bends down and lifts the large weight over her head , followed by throwing it down and walking off stage ?	woman
4163	boy is skateboarding in a skate park at night .	who is skateboarding in a skate park at night ?	boy
4164	boy is skateboarding in a sidewalk with peopl walking by .	who is skateboarding in the sidewalk with peopl walking by ?	boy
4165	man is skateboarding in street and a car almost run over .	who is skateboarding in street and a car almost run over ?	man
4165	man is skateboarding in street and a car almost run over .	where is man skateboarding and a car almost run over . ?	street
4167	a lot of people are on a marathon running in street while people is on sides .	where are the lot of people on a marathon running while people is on sides . ?	street
4169	A man in a black shirt is talking on a basketball court .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
4170	A boy is playing basketball on the court .	who is playing basketball on the court ?	boy
4173	The dog fetches plates that the lady tosses .	what fetches plates that the lady tosses ?	dog
4173	The dog fetches plates that the lady tosses .	what does the dog fetch ?	plates
4174	A second dog joins the act on stage .	what joins the act on stage ?	dog
4175	The dogs fetch plates together .	what fetch plates together ?	dogs
4175	The dogs fetch plates together .	what do the dogs fetch together ?	plates
4176	A dog continuously jumps over another dog and into the lady 's hand .	what continuously jumps over another dog and into the lady 's hand ?	dog
4177	A dog jumps through hula hoops .	what jumps through hula hoops ?	dog
4178	A dog jumps from the stage onto the lady 's back .	what jumps from the stage onto the lady 's back ?	dog
4179	A dog bites on a red plate and does not let go .	what bites on the red plate and does not let go ?	dog
4179	A dog bites on a red plate and does not let go .	what is the color of the plate ?	red
4180	A dog jumps on a lady 's elevated soles .	what jumps on the lady 's elevated soles ?	dog
4181	The performers take a bow and with the dog exit the stage .	who take the bow and with the dog exit the stage ?	performers
4184	A woman stands behind a table with high heels on it .	who stands behind the table with high heels on it ?	woman
4187	She sprays the shoe with Windex and wipes it off .	what did she spray with windex ?	shoe
4190	A guy wearing a red plaid shirt is showing a tutorial on how to trim and prune trees in a garden .	who is wearing a red plaid shirt is showing a tutorial on how to trim and prune trees in a garden ?	guy
4190	A guy wearing a red plaid shirt is showing a tutorial on how to trim and prune trees in a garden .	the guy wearing what is showing a tutorial on how to trim and prune trees in a garden ?	shirt
4190	A guy wearing a red plaid shirt is showing a tutorial on how to trim and prune trees in a garden .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
4197	A man keeps score and leads into more shots of the game being played .	who keeps score and leads into more shots of the game being played ?	man
4198	A man is holding a jump rope and talking .	who is holding the jump rope and talking ?	man
4198	A man is holding a jump rope and talking .	what is the man holding and talking ?	rope
4203	Two men are arm wrestling on a table .	how many men are arm wrestling on a table ?	two
4204	Another man walks up to the table and stands in front of them .	who walks up to the table and stands in front of them ?	man
4206	A woman is adding ingredients to a pan on the stove .	who is adding ingredients to a pan on the stove ?	woman
4206	A woman is adding ingredients to a pan on the stove .	what is the woman adding to a pan on the stove ?	ingredients
4207	She stirs the ingredients in the pan .	where does she stir the ingredients . ?	pan
4209	A woman is walking down the street with two dogs .	who is walking down the street with two dogs ?	woman
4210	The larger dog is holding a leash in his mouth .	what is holding the leash in his mouth ?	dog
4211	The smaller dog is attached to the leash , and is essentially being led by the larger dog on the walk .	what is attached to the leash , and is essentially being led by the larger dog on the walk ?	dog
4212	A man walks in front , leading the way .	who walks in front , leading the way ?	man
4213	A man is doing flips on the grass .	who is doing flips on the grass ?	man
4214	A man in a white hat is standing next to the man .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
4215	One of the men throws a rock into the air .	what does one of the men throw into the air ?	rock
4216	Families are outside in a large field standing behind an orange make shift fence listening to a woman talk into a microphone .	what is the color of the fence ?	orange
4218	This activity continues and the dog begins jumping over the dog 's head and its back .	what does this activity continue and begins jumping over the dog 's head and its back ?	dog
4219	Others then join in and the boy picks up the dog and walks away .	who do others then join in and picks up the dog and walks away ?	boy
4219	Others then join in and the boy picks up the dog and walks away .	what do others then join in and the boy picks up and walks away ?	dog
4220	man wearing a red shirt is standing in a large green field behind kids .	who is wearing a red shirt is standing in a large green field behind kids ?	man
4220	man wearing a red shirt is standing in a large green field behind kids .	man wearing what is standing in a large green field behind kids ?	shirt
4220	man wearing a red shirt is standing in a large green field behind kids .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
4220	man wearing a red shirt is standing in a large green field behind kids .	what is the color of the field ?	green
4221	little blonde kid throw a ball and a kid kicks the ball in the field .	who throw the ball and a kid kicks the ball in the field ?	kid
4225	The girl talks about her brother and more about karate .	who talks about her brother and more about karate ?	girl
4226	The girl plays effects on her brother .	who plays effects on her brother ?	girl
4227	The girl does various karate moves for the camera .	who does various karate moves for the camera ?	girl
4228	Then the brother does several different karate moves for the camera .	who does then do several different karate moves for the camera ?	brother
4229	A man with an umbrella is wiping his car during the rain .	what is the man with an umbrella wiping during the rain ?	car
4234	A woman puts a cigarette in her mouth .	who puts the cigarette in her mouth ?	woman
4235	Then , the woman lights a cigarette and smokes .	then , who lights the cigarette and smokes ?	woman
4235	Then , the woman lights a cigarette and smokes .	what does then , the woman light ?	cigarette
4237	A group of rafters carries a raft down a path .	what does the group of rafters carry down a path ?	raft
4238	Groups of rafters ride down a river going over small waterfalls .	what do groups of rafters ride down going over small waterfalls ?	river
4239	The rafters climb out from there boat onto the shore and walk up the path .	what climb out from there boat onto the shore and walk up the path ?	rafters
4239	The rafters climb out from there boat onto the shore and walk up the path .	what do the rafters climb out from there onto the shore ?	boat
4241	The rafters enjoy an outdoor lunch at a beach house .	what enjoy an outdoor lunch at a beach house ?	rafters
4241	The rafters enjoy an outdoor lunch at a beach house .	what do the rafters enjoy at a beach house ?	lunch
4246	A seal swims in the ocean .	what swims in the ocean ?	seal
4248	The dog is shown with a human on a ship , with part of its scuba equipment on .	what is shown with the human on a ship , with part of its scuba equipment on ?	dog
4251	The cat is shown swimming and scuba diving .	what is shown swimming and scuba diving ?	cat
4253	Two people are dancing on a dance floor .	how many people are dancing on the dance floor ?	two
4256	A man puts a ball on the ground , then throws a flag .	who puts the ball on the ground , then throws a flag ?	man
4257	He hits the ball , setting a game into motion .	what does he hit , ?	ball
4258	The players fight over the ball , getting it into the goal and the audience cheers .	what do the players fight over , ?	ball
4260	A man watch through a window two bears copulate while brushing a shoe .	who watch through the window two bears copulate while brushing a shoe ?	man
4261	A girl enters the room and see the bears , then she leaves the room .	who enters the room and see the bears , then she leaves the room ?	girl
4261	A girl enters the room and see the bears , then she leaves the room .	what does the girl enter , then she leaves the room ?	room
4261	A girl enters the room and see the bears , then she leaves the room .	what do the girl see , then she leaves the room ?	bears
4261	A girl enters the room and see the bears , then she leaves the room .	the girl enters the room and see the bears , then she leaves what ?	room
4262	A man is sitting in a chair getting his hair cut by a barber .	who is sitting in the chair getting his hair cut by a barber ?	man
4263	A man takes a comb and a pair of scissors and starts to cut the hair above the comb and then combs it to the front of the man 's head .	who takes the comb and a pair of scissors and starts to cut the hair above the comb and then combs it to the front of the man 's head ?	man
4266	Finally , razors are taken out and the barber begins to edge the man 's hair and the barber goes over the hair one final time with the comb and scissors .	what are finally , taken out and the barber begins to edge the man 's hair and the barber goes over the hair one final time with the comb and scissors ?	razors
4266	Finally , razors are taken out and the barber begins to edge the man 's hair and the barber goes over the hair one final time with the comb and scissors .	how many final time does the barber begin to edge the man 's hair and the barber goes over with the comb and scissors ?	one
4267	A man is see speaking to the camera while sitting on a piece of exercise equipment .	who is see speaking to the camera while sitting on a piece of exercise equipment ?	man
4270	A male athlete prepares himself to run .	who prepares himself to run ?	athlete
4274	Two women are riding on the back of a four wheeler , and waving .	who are riding on the back of a four wheeler , and waving ?	women
4274	Two women are riding on the back of a four wheeler , and waving .	how many women are riding on the back of a four wheeler , and waving ?	two
4275	A man is shown posing with several people , going to a field to play paintball .	who is shown posing with several people , going to a field to play paintball ?	man
4277	A man plays the saxophone in various public settings while the audiences watch .	who plays the saxophone in various public settings while the audiences watch ?	man
4277	A man plays the saxophone in various public settings while the audiences watch .	what does the man play in various public settings ?	saxophone
4278	The man plays while laying on the ground .	who plays while laying on the ground ?	man
4279	A security guard accosts him and escorts him away .	who accosts him and escorts him away ?	guard
4280	The man stands up and walks away while playing .	who stands up and walks away while playing ?	man
4283	A man in a black shirt dives and hits the ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
4286	The man bounces up and down as the people continue to play with one another .	who bounces up and down as the people continue to play with one another ?	man
4287	One man runs away to grab the ball and leads back into them playing .	who runs away to grab the ball and leads back into them playing ?	man
4287	One man runs away to grab the ball and leads back into them playing .	how many man runs away to grab the ball and leads back into them playing ?	one
4288	A man is seen speaking to the camera while a large group of people walk behind him .	who is seen speaking to the camera while a large group of people walk behind him ?	man
4289	Several shots are then shown of people riding down a riving in a raft while some fall out .	where are several shots then shown of people riding down a riving while some fall out . ?	raft
4290	More clips are shown of people riding in the water as well as falling out and yelling to the camera .	what are shown of people riding in the water as well as falling out and yelling to the camera ?	clips
4291	A woman is seen walking onto a large gym floor while holding a baton and striking a pose .	who is seen walking onto the large gym floor while holding a baton and striking a pose ?	woman
4292	The woman then performs a dance routine with the baton throwing it up into the air and spinning around .	who then performs the dance routine with the baton throwing it up into the air and spinning around ?	woman
4295	Several clips are shown of people running around , catching and throwing the ball , as well as partying on the side .	what are shown of people running around , catching and throwing the ball , as well as partying on the side ?	clips
4297	green signs on a pole .	what is the color of the signs ?	green
4298	woman is talking on the phone inside a car store .	who is talking on the phone inside a car store ?	woman
4299	man is polishing a black car while people is watching .	who is polishing the black car while people is watching ?	man
4299	man is polishing a black car while people is watching .	what is man polishing ?	car
4299	man is polishing a black car while people is watching .	what is the color of the car ?	black
4300	two men are cleaning the car on the outside and the inside .	what are two men cleaning on the outside and the inside ?	car
4300	two men are cleaning the car on the outside and the inside .	how many men are cleaning the car on the outside and the inside ?	two
4301	three cars are parked in front of the store .	what are parked in front of the store ?	cars
4301	three cars are parked in front of the store .	how many cars are parked in front of the store ?	three
4303	The man backs the horse up a bit and then takes off chasing a calf and roping him and tying him down .	who backs the horse up a bit and then takes off chasing a calf and roping him and tying him down ?	man
4303	The man backs the horse up a bit and then takes off chasing a calf and roping him and tying him down .	what does the man back up a bit ?	horse
4305	A man is standing in a field holding an ax .	who is standing in the field holding an ax ?	man
4306	The man lifts the ax above his head .	who lifts the ax above his head ?	man
4307	The man splits a log of wood on a stump .	who splits the log of wood on a stump ?	man
4308	the man then stands upright .	who then stands upright ?	man
4309	A car is seen driving along the road that leads into people tightening roads and grabbing drinks .	what is seen driving along the road that leads into people tightening roads and grabbing drinks ?	car
4310	Several clips are shown of people walking across the rope as well as bouncing on it .	what are shown of people walking across the rope as well as bouncing on it ?	clips
4312	A man is seen bending over while taking a shoe off to wipe his feet then puts the shoe back on .	who is seen bending over while taking the shoe off to wipe his feet then puts the shoe back on ?	man
4313	He does this to his other foot and then walks along the rocks while a man records him and others walk around .	he then walks along what ?	rocks
4314	A blond girl is in a residential home , smiling and talking while holding a violin in front of her .	who is in the residential home , smiling and talking while holding a violin in front of her ?	girl
4315	The girl briefly stops talking , and then backs up and brings the violin to her chin as she 's talking and then starts playing by pulling the fiddle across the strings .	who briefly stops talking , and then backs up and brings the violin to her chin as she 's talking and then starts playing by pulling the fiddle across the strings ?	girl
4315	The girl briefly stops talking , and then backs up and brings the violin to her chin as she 's talking and then starts playing by pulling the fiddle across the strings .	what does the girl briefly stop , and then backs up and brings to her chin ?	violin
4316	The girl stops pulling the fiddle across the strings and walks closer to the camera to talk , and then resumes moving the fiddle across the strings .	who stops pulling the fiddle across the strings and walks closer to the camera to talk , and then resumes moving the fiddle across the strings ?	girl
4317	The girl stops playing and pulls he violin away from her chin .	who stops playing and pulls he violin away from her chin ?	girl
4317	The girl stops playing and pulls he violin away from her chin .	what does the girl pull away from her chin ?	violin
4318	A man wearing scuba gear walks along the edge of a swimming pool .	who is wearing scuba gear walks along the edge of a swimming pool ?	man
4318	A man wearing scuba gear walks along the edge of a swimming pool .	the man wearing what walks along the edge of a swimming pool ?	gear
4319	The man starts talking to the camera and shows the camera various items .	who starts talking to the camera and shows the camera various items ?	man
4319	The man starts talking to the camera and shows the camera various items .	what does the man show ?	camera
4320	The camera shows the swimming pool .	what shows the swimming pool ?	camera
4320	The camera shows the swimming pool .	what does the camera show ?	pool
4322	The man enters the swimming pool and proceeds to place a cover on the drain while under water in the scuba gear .	who enters the swimming pool and proceeds to place a cover on the drain while under water in the scuba gear ?	man
4322	The man enters the swimming pool and proceeds to place a cover on the drain while under water in the scuba gear .	what does the man enter ?	pool
4323	The man gives a thumbs up .	who gives the thumbs up ?	man
4324	The man shows the bubbles the tool makes underwater while bobbing his head .	who shows the bubbles the tool makes underwater while bobbing his head ?	man
4324	The man shows the bubbles the tool makes underwater while bobbing his head .	what does the man show ?	bubbles
4325	Two slicess of bread , a plate , and two slices of cheese are on the counter .	how many slicess of bread , a plate , and two slices of cheese are on the counter ?	two
4326	The person then takes one slice , spreads the butter over it and puts two slices of cheese on it and adds the other slice on top of it .	the person then puts two slices of cheese on it and adds what on top of it ?	slice
4326	The person then takes one slice , spreads the butter over it and puts two slices of cheese on it and adds the other slice on top of it .	how many slice does the person then take ?	one
4327	The sandwich now has butter on both sides and the sandwich is placed in a skillet and is fried .	what now has butter on both sides and the sandwich is placed in a skillet and is fried ?	sandwich
4327	The sandwich now has butter on both sides and the sandwich is placed in a skillet and is fried .	what does the sandwich now have butter on both sides and is placed in a skillet and is fried ?	sandwich
4327	The sandwich now has butter on both sides and the sandwich is placed in a skillet and is fried .	where does the sandwich now have butter on both sides and the sandwich is placed and is fried . ?	skillet
4328	Once complete , it is placed on a red plate and cut in half with a thick knife .	what is the color of the plate ?	red
4329	A man is shown holding a large bin as well as several people around him gathering leaves .	who is shown holding the large bin as well as several people around him gathering leaves ?	man
4331	The people continue working and the sun shines down on a tree .	what do the people continue and shines down on a tree ?	sun
4332	Two people are seen standing outside on a mat .	how many people are seen standing outside on the mat ?	two
4333	One person then grabs the other person by the legs .	how many person then grabs the other person by the legs ?	one
4334	The men then flip each other down on the ground .	what do the men then flip on the ground ?	down
4336	A woman is talking to the camera in a gym .	who is talking to the camera in a gym ?	woman
4337	A train is driving on the tracks .	what is driving on the tracks ?	train
4340	The woman is swimming forward , she looked at the camera .	who is swimming forward , she looked at the camera ?	woman
4341	The woman is shaking her head while behind her another diver is swimming .	who is shaking her head while behind her another diver is swimming ?	woman
4342	A pair of hands are shown at a black jack table .	what is the color of the table ?	black
4343	A woman is dealing the cards and chips .	who is dealing the cards and chips ?	woman
4344	The chips are shown in a stack at the end .	what are shown in the stack at the end ?	chips
4347	An old man in black shirt and eye glasses is sitting on a green table , in front of him are book , chips with different colors and stack of cards .	what is the color of the table ?	green
4348	He placed the cards on the table , on top of the yellow stars on the table , he arrange the cards in horizontal way .	what is the color of the stars ?	yellow
4349	The woman is shown emptying two different foods onto the plate to make a fruit salad .	who is shown emptying two different foods onto the plate to make a fruit salad ?	woman
4349	The woman is shown emptying two different foods onto the plate to make a fruit salad .	how many different foods is the woman shown emptying onto the plate to make a fruit salad ?	two
4351	Then she sprinkles little berries onto the other fruit .	what does then she sprinkle onto the other fruit ?	berries
4352	There is a man kneeling down on a red yoga mat .	who is there kneeling down on a red yoga mat ?	man
4352	There is a man kneeling down on a red yoga mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	red
4354	A guy stands outside , gestures , and talks .	who stands outside , gestures , and talks ?	guy
4355	A man ascends from the water , begins water boarding , and does flips .	who ascends from the water , begins water boarding , and does flips ?	man
4356	A water vehicle is pulling a man holding a rope .	what is pulling the man holding a rope ?	vehicle
4356	A water vehicle is pulling a man holding a rope .	who is the water vehicle pulling ?	man
4357	The guy begins to leave after making the last point .	who begins to leave after making the last point ?	guy
4358	A man is seen playing an instrument while another watches in the background .	who is seen playing an instrument while another watches in the background ?	man
4360	The boys watch in amazement and bends down closely to another boy .	who watch in amazement and bends down closely to another boy ?	boys
4363	The children pull the adults to their side , the right side .	who pull the adults to their side , the right side ?	children
4363	The children pull the adults to their side , the right side .	who do the children pull to their side , the right side ?	adults
4364	The children let go the rope , jump up and down , plus cheer .	who let go the rope , jump up and down , plus cheer ?	children
4364	The children let go the rope , jump up and down , plus cheer .	what do the children let go , jump up and down , plus cheer ?	rope
4369	A man in a white shirt does a hand stand on the rope .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
4371	Two girls practice fencing in a school gym with protective gear on and a coach against the wall watching and coaching them as they fence .	how many girls practice fencing in a school gym with protective gear on and a coach against the wall watching and coaching them as they fence ?	two
4372	Both girls end the spar and remove their head gear as they talk to the coach .	who end the spar and remove their head gear as they talk to the coach ?	girls
4372	Both girls end the spar and remove their head gear as they talk to the coach .	what do both girls remove ?	gear
4373	A woman in a green sweater puts on a face mask .	what is the color of the sweater ?	green
4374	She paints a wooden fence .	what does she paint ?	fence
4378	Two men are talking in front of a helicopter .	how many men are talking in front of a helicopter ?	two
4381	A man is seated on a bench in a park .	who is seated on the bench in a park ?	man
4384	A black screen appears and it has a lot of white words on it that include the name , height , weight , years games , points phone number and email for player # 23 .	what appears and it has a lot of white words on it that include the name , height , weight , years games , points phone number and email for player # 23 ?	screen
4384	A black screen appears and it has a lot of white words on it that include the name , height , weight , years games , points phone number and email for player # 23 .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
4384	A black screen appears and it has a lot of white words on it that include the name , height , weight , years games , points phone number and email for player # 23 .	what is the color of the words ?	white
4385	Various clips of different hockey games play and occassionaly a yellow arrow will appear pointing out the # 23 player in each different hockey game clip .	what is the color of the arrow ?	yellow
4385	Various clips of different hockey games play and occassionaly a yellow arrow will appear pointing out the # 23 player in each different hockey game clip .	where do various clips of different hockey games play and occassionaly a yellow arrow will appear pointing out the # 23 player . ?	clip
4386	A black screen appears again and it 's the same as the screen that was the intro that includes the same information on player # 23 .	what appears again and it 's the same as the screen that was the intro that includes the same information on player # 23 ?	screen
4386	A black screen appears again and it 's the same as the screen that was the intro that includes the same information on player # 23 .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
4387	A woman pours ice into a glass .	who pours ice into a glass ?	woman
4393	A man in a red shirt is clapping his hands .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
4396	An intro black screen appears and the word Poweriser flashes .	what appears and the word poweriser flashes ?	screen
4396	An intro black screen appears and the word Poweriser flashes .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
4399	A woman in a white shirt is sitting down .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
4400	She pours some product into her palm .	what does she pour into her palm ?	product
4402	A woman grooms the right body of a horse , she brush the neck , body and legs .	who grooms the right body of a horse , she brush the neck , body and legs ?	woman
4403	Then , the woman goes to the left side of horse and kneel to groom the legs , and then she brush the other parts of the body .	who does then , go to the left side of horse and kneel to groom the legs , and then she brush the other parts of the body ?	woman
4404	A chef is giving detailed instructions on how to make a dish to another man in the kitchen .	who is giving detailed instructions on how to make a dish to another man in the kitchen ?	chef
4405	The man walks around him casually and picks up a piece of one of the ingredients and eats it .	who walks around him casually and picks up a piece of one of the ingredients and eats it ?	man
4406	Meanwhile , the chef is putting ingredients and explaining the process of what he is doing and why into the pan .	who is meanwhile , putting ingredients and explaining the process of what he is doing and why into the pan ?	chef
4406	Meanwhile , the chef is putting ingredients and explaining the process of what he is doing and why into the pan .	what is meanwhile , the chef putting and explaining the process of what he is doing and why into the pan ?	ingredients
4408	A man in a red shirt walks around a ladder .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
4410	A woman places red wallpaper up against a wall .	who places red wallpaper up against a wall ?	woman
4410	A woman places red wallpaper up against a wall .	what is the color of the wallpaper ?	red
4411	She smooths the red wall paper out with her hands and with a tool .	what does she smooth out with her hands and with a tool ?	paper
4411	She smooths the red wall paper out with her hands and with a tool .	what is the color of the paper ?	red
4413	The woman places a tool on the top and bottom of the wallpaper and removes any extra wallpaper .	who places the tool on the top and bottom of the wallpaper and removes any extra wallpaper ?	woman
4413	The woman places a tool on the top and bottom of the wallpaper and removes any extra wallpaper .	what does the woman place on the top and bottom of the wallpaper ?	tool
4414	The man in the red shirt is talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
4417	We see one lady in a sunny field with a hose .	how many lady do we see in a sunny field with a hose ?	one
4418	We see a small dog on the back of the horse .	what do we see on the back of the horse ?	dog
4420	The lady is sitting playing with the dog .	who is sitting playing with the dog ?	lady
4422	We see the end credit emblem .	what do we see ?	emblem
4423	A man is seen standing ready holding a dart and looking off into the distance .	who is seen standing ready holding the dart and looking off into the distance ?	man
4424	The man then throws the dart in slow motion while the camera continues to follow him .	who then throws the dart in slow motion while the camera continues to follow him ?	man
4424	The man then throws the dart in slow motion while the camera continues to follow him .	what does the man then throw in slow motion ?	dart
4425	A man places a tile onto the floor and pushes it down .	who places the tile onto the floor and pushes it down ?	man
4425	A man places a tile onto the floor and pushes it down .	what does the man place onto the floor ?	tile
4427	He moves the vent that is on the floor next to the tile .	what does he move ?	vent
4428	A person pours vinegar in a sink on a towel .	what does the person pour in a sink on a towel ?	vinegar
4429	The person then uses the towel to rub the surface of the sink .	what does the person then use ?	towel
4430	The person drops the towel and picks it up .	what does the person drop ?	towel
4431	We see two men fencing in a stadium .	how many men do we see fencing in a stadium ?	two
4432	A man throws his arms in the air .	who throws his arms in the air ?	man
4433	The left man falls to the ground .	who falls to the ground ?	man
4434	The left man throws his hand in the air .	who throws his hand in the air ?	man
4435	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4436	A woman is dancing and mopping in the kitchen .	who is dancing and mopping in the kitchen ?	woman
4436	A woman is dancing and mopping in the kitchen .	where is the woman dancing and mopping . ?	kitchen
4437	Another woman is recording her and laughing .	who is recording her and laughing ?	woman
4438	The woman notices the camera and laughs , but continues dancing .	who notices the camera and laughs , but continues dancing ?	woman
4438	The woman notices the camera and laughs , but continues dancing .	what does the woman notice ?	camera
4439	A technician walks along a roof and sprays it using a wand attached to a hose .	who walks along the roof and sprays it using a wand attached to a hose ?	technician
4439	A technician walks along a roof and sprays it using a wand attached to a hose .	what does the technician walk along ?	roof
4440	The man turns off his hose then walks along the peak of the roof .	who turns off his hose then walks along the peak of the roof ?	man
4441	The man sprays around the gutters with the wand .	who sprays around the gutters with the wand ?	man
4443	A woman is seen sitting on sand next to a girl .	who is seen sitting on sand next to a girl ?	woman
4444	The woman looks away from the camera and looks down at the sand .	who looks away from the camera and looks down at the sand ?	woman
4448	One man fist bumps another and ends by walking away .	who bumps another and ends by walking away ?	fist
4448	One man fist bumps another and ends by walking away .	how many man fist bumps another and ends by walking away ?	one
4451	A black dog is shown looking into the camera .	what is shown looking into the camera ?	dog
4451	A black dog is shown looking into the camera .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
4452	A balding man appears who is standing next to a chair that seems to be in need of restoring .	who appears who is standing next to the chair that seems to be in need of restoring ?	man
4453	The chair is shown to have scratches .	what is shown to have scratches ?	chair
4454	The man begins to apply a substance to the chair as the man rubs the substance all over the surfaces of the chair .	who begins to apply the substance to the chair as the man rubs the substance all over the surfaces of the chair ?	man
4455	The man then points at a scratch on the a part of the chair and begins to wipe it clean with the substance .	who then points at the scratch on the a part of the chair and begins to wipe it clean with the substance ?	man
4456	The man then shows a leg of the chair and wipes it down as well .	who then shows the leg of the chair and wipes it down as well ?	man
4457	The man then seems to pour a substance into a can and dips the brush into it and polishes part of the leg .	who then seems to pour the substance into a can and dips the brush into it and polishes part of the leg ?	man
4458	The man continues to wipe the chair as it is getting cleaner and cleaner .	who continues to wipe the chair as it is getting cleaner and cleaner ?	man
4459	The man returns later after the chair dries with a yellow bottle and is now wearing a hat and glasses .	who later after the chair dries with a yellow bottle and is now wearing a hat and glasses ?	returns
4459	The man returns later after the chair dries with a yellow bottle and is now wearing a hat and glasses .	what is the color of the bottle ?	yellow
4460	The man begins to wipe the chair again using whatever was in the yellow bottle .	who begins to wipe the chair again using whatever was in the yellow bottle ?	man
4460	The man begins to wipe the chair again using whatever was in the yellow bottle .	what is the color of the bottle ?	yellow
4461	After this is complete the cushion is put back onto the chair as it is wiped down one more time .	what is put back onto the chair as it is wiped down one more time ?	cushion
4461	After this is complete the cushion is put back onto the chair as it is wiped down one more time .	how many more time is after this complete the cushion is put back onto the chair as it is wiped down ?	one
4462	People make a hole on the shore of the beach using shovels .	what do people make on the shore of the beach using shovels ?	hole
4464	A man is talking while standing in front of a large river .	who is talking while standing in front of a large river ?	man
4466	The man gets to shore , and he and a boat mate are running on the beach , trying to escape the pigs .	who gets to shore , and he and a boat mate are running on the beach , trying to escape the pigs ?	man
4467	We see a dark opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4468	We then see two men practicing martial arts .	how many men do we then see practicing martial arts ?	two
4469	The old man pushed the young to the ground .	who pushed the young to the ground ?	man
4470	The older man flips the young one over .	who flips the young one over ?	man
4471	The old man pushes him forward .	who pushes him forward ?	man
4474	Old man flip man in green .	who flip man in green ?	man
4474	Old man flip man in green .	who do old man flip in green ?	man
4475	The Man in white is flipped .	what is the color of the man ?	white
4476	Older man pushes green man to ground .	who pushes green man to ground ?	man
4476	Older man pushes green man to ground .	who does older man push to ground ?	man
4476	Older man pushes green man to ground .	what is the color of the man ?	green
4477	Older man rolls man in green .	who rolls man in green ?	man
4477	Older man rolls man in green .	who does older man roll in green ?	man
4478	woman is talking to the camera holding a big cat on her legs that is sitting in a cat cushion and its caressing his head .	who is talking to the camera holding a big cat on her legs that is sitting in a cat cushion and its caressing his head ?	woman
4479	woman is holding a nail clipper and cut the cat 's nails explaining the right way to do it .	who is holding the nail clipper and cut the cat 's nails explaining the right way to do it ?	woman
4479	woman is holding a nail clipper and cut the cat 's nails explaining the right way to do it .	what is woman holding ?	clipper
4479	woman is holding a nail clipper and cut the cat 's nails explaining the right way to do it .	what did woman cut nails ?	cat
4480	Two boys sits talking as they hold their cell phones .	who sits talking as they hold their cell phones ?	boys
4480	Two boys sits talking as they hold their cell phones .	how many boys sits talking as they hold their cell phones ?	two
4481	The boys are wrestling in Sumo costumes as two other boys films them with camera .	who are wrestling in sumo costumes as two other boys films them with camera ?	boys
4481	The boys are wrestling in Sumo costumes as two other boys films them with camera .	how many other boys are the boys wrestling in sumo costumes as films them with camera ?	two
4482	One boy get and hits the other with a ladder and they hit each other .	who get and hits the other with a ladder and they hit each other ?	boy
4482	One boy get and hits the other with a ladder and they hit each other .	how many boy get and hits the other with a ladder ?	one
4483	The boy in red grabs and hits the green boy on the ladder with a guitar .	what is the color of the boy ?	green
4484	The red boy brings an ironing board and jumps on the other boy from the ladder .	who brings an ironing board and jumps on the other boy from the ladder ?	boy
4484	The red boy brings an ironing board and jumps on the other boy from the ladder .	what is the color of the boy ?	red
4485	The green boy runs into the other boy with a minibike .	who runs into the other boy with a minibike ?	boy
4485	The green boy runs into the other boy with a minibike .	what is the color of the boy ?	green
4487	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4488	A woman stands in a kitchen talking .	who stands in the kitchen talking ?	woman
4489	She walks over to a sink , puts on gloves and washes dishes .	what does she wash ?	dishes
4490	A woman is standing in a kitchen .	who is standing in the kitchen ?	woman
4490	A woman is standing in a kitchen .	where is the woman standing . ?	kitchen
4491	She puts ingredients into a glass bowl and mixes it together .	what does she put into a glass bowl ?	ingredients
4493	She combines all the ingredients into the bowl and mixes it together .	what does she combine into the bowl ?	ingredients
4494	She grates cheese onto the top of the food .	what does she grate onto the top of the food ?	cheese
4495	She then puts salad on top of that .	what does she then put on top of that ?	salad
4496	A woman demonstrates from behind a standing bar counter inside of a bar , how to mix drinks using a shot glass and several bottles of alcohol .	who demonstrates from behind the standing bar counter inside of a bar , how to mix drinks using a shot glass and several bottles of alcohol ?	woman
4501	Then , the surfboard floats on front a metal structure .	what does then , float on front a metal structure ?	surfboard
4502	a woman lights a cigarette in front of the camera .	who a cigarette in front of the camera ?	woman
4508	Several clips are shown of people throwing bowling balls down a lane as well as close ups of balls and pins .	what are shown of people throwing bowling balls down a lane as well as close ups of balls and pins ?	clips
4510	A bunch of brown leaves on green grass are blowing away together .	what is the color of the leaves ?	brown
4510	A bunch of brown leaves on green grass are blowing away together .	what is the color of the grass ?	green
4511	The end of the leaf blower is closer to the grass and is blowing an even bigger area of brown leaves .	what is the color of the leaves ?	brown
4516	The camels lay down on the ground and the people step off of them .	what lay down on the ground and the people step off of them ?	camels
4517	A girl in a bra is standing in her bathroom and brushing her hair .	where is the girl standing in her bathroom and brushing her hair . ?	bra
4521	A man is inside of a barn and is let out on a horse to catch a cow attached to the horse .	who is inside of the barn and is let out on a horse to catch a cow attached to the horse ?	man
4522	As he throws his lasso , he misses the cow and runs to get something before going back to the cow .	what does , he miss ?	cow
4523	The man finally approaches the calf and another man comes out to assist him and he returns back to the horse .	who finally approaches the calf and another man comes out to assist him and he returns back to the horse ?	man
4524	Three men sitting by the counter are sitting watching TV and then ladies in cheerdancing outfit started dancing as the men stare at them .	how many men is sitting by the counter are sitting watching tv ?	three
4525	The ladies started dancing , raising their arms up swinging their bodies .	who started dancing , raising their arms up swinging their bodies ?	ladies
4526	The girls play billiards and table football with the guys and they dance .	who play billiards and table football with the guys and they dance ?	girls
4528	A man is mowing the yard next to the bushes .	who is mowing the yard next to the bushes ?	man
4530	A man in a red shirt begins talking in front of a wall of tool consisting of wrench , screws , ax and drills .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
4531	He then holds up a small silver piece and begins sticking it into the chain of the bike .	what does he then hold up ?	piece
4532	Next , he takes a black utensil , moves the pedals around and takes the chain completely off .	what is the color of the utensil ?	black
4535	The cameraman continuously rides down a winding road past a group of trees and stops at the bottom to meet up with another .	who continuously rides down the winding road past a group of trees and stops at the bottom to meet up with another ?	cameraman
4537	A lady in a gym punches both of her arms across her chest .	where does the lady punch both of her arms across her chest . ?	gym
4538	The lady then kicks her left leg in the air and then the right one behind her .	who then kicks her left leg in the air and then the right one behind her ?	lady
4539	The lady repeats that sequence over and over .	who repeats that sequence over and over ?	lady
4544	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4545	A man is spraying a sink with a pressure washer .	who is spraying the sink with a pressure washer ?	man
4545	A man is spraying a sink with a pressure washer .	what is the man spraying with a pressure washer ?	sink
4546	The man sprays a toilet and then sprays the sink again .	who sprays the toilet and then sprays the sink again ?	man
4546	The man sprays a toilet and then sprays the sink again .	what did the man spray and then sprays the sink again ?	toilet
4548	The man uses a squeegee on the mirror .	who uses the squeegee on the mirror ?	man
4549	The man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor .	who adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor ?	man
4549	The man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor .	what does the man adjust ?	machine
4549	The man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor .	what do the man dry ?	sink
4549	The man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor .	what does the man mop ?	floor
4550	A couple and a child are in a living room .	where are the couple and a child . ?	room
4552	We see a man swinging in a park .	who do we see swinging in a park ?	man
4553	The man stands while holding onto the swing .	who stands while holding onto the swing ?	man
4554	The man stands again and we see a little girl .	who stands again and we see a little girl ?	man
4554	The man stands again and we see a little girl .	who does the man stand again and we see ?	girl
4555	A lady tries to put the girl in the swing , but she ends up swinging alone .	who tries to put the girl in the swing , but she ends up swinging alone ?	lady
4556	man is standing in stage doing gymnastics in a competition .	who is standing in stage doing gymnastics in a competition ?	man
4557	man is holding a video recorder .	who is holding the video recorder ?	man
4557	man is holding a video recorder .	what is man holding ?	recorder
4558	A man in a black shirt is talking outside near a track and field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
4560	The athlete then begins talking and showing various techniques that she uses .	who then begins talking and showing various techniques that she uses ?	athlete
4561	Once finishes , she begins doing a triple jump into the pit , she tries again , and then the man interviewing her begins doing the same jump .	who does , she begin , she tries again , and then interviewing her begins doing the same jump ?	man
4563	Two people are seen doing flips and kicks around one another in a large circle surrounded by people .	how many people are seen doing flips and kicks around one another in a large circle surrounded by people ?	two
4567	The man puts a brick behind his tire and grabs his supplies to change his tire .	who puts the brick behind his tire and grabs his supplies to change his tire ?	man
4567	The man puts a brick behind his tire and grabs his supplies to change his tire .	what does the man put behind his tire ?	brick
4568	The man loosens the bolts and jacks the car up and removes the tire .	who loosens the bolts and jacks the car up and removes the tire ?	man
4568	The man loosens the bolts and jacks the car up and removes the tire .	what does the man remove ?	tire
4569	The man puts on his spare and lowers the car to the ground .	who puts on his spare and lowers the car to the ground ?	man
4569	The man puts on his spare and lowers the car to the ground .	what does the man lower to the ground ?	car
4570	The man puts his supplies away and drives away .	who puts his supplies away and drives away ?	man
4571	The man stops near the camera and speaks before driving off .	who stops near the camera and speaks before driving off ?	man
4572	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4573	A camera pans all around a heated pool and leads into a person climbing in a kayak and moving around the pool .	what pans all around a heated pool and leads into a person climbing in a kayak and moving around the pool ?	camera
4573	A camera pans all around a heated pool and leads into a person climbing in a kayak and moving around the pool .	where does the camera lead into a person climbing and moving around the pool . ?	kayak
4577	Two men are sitting in the middle of drums and explaining about the instruments .	how many men are sitting in the middle of drums and explaining about the instruments ?	two
4583	A knitter 's hoop is shown lying on cloth , and a woman paints a design into the cloth .	who hoop is shown lying on cloth , and a woman paints a design into the cloth ?	knitter
4583	A knitter 's hoop is shown lying on cloth , and a woman paints a design into the cloth .	what is shown lying on cloth , and a woman paints a design into the cloth ?	hoop
4583	A knitter 's hoop is shown lying on cloth , and a woman paints a design into the cloth .	who is the knitter 's hoop shown , and paints a design into the cloth ?	woman
4584	She forms many leaves and flowers in orange shades .	what is the color of the shades ?	orange
4585	When she is done , she shows off the flower design .	what does , she show off ?	design
4586	A man sits and plays a black grand piano in an empty auditorium .	who sits and plays the black grand piano in an empty auditorium ?	man
4586	A man sits and plays a black grand piano in an empty auditorium .	what is the color of the piano ?	black
4586	A man sits and plays a black grand piano in an empty auditorium .	where does the man sit and plays a black grand piano . ?	auditorium
4587	We see three people in the front row watching and listening to the man as he plays and one person one row behind them .	how many people do we see in the front row watching and listening to the man as he plays and one person one row behind them ?	three
4591	A person is slicing bread with a knife .	what is the person slicing with a knife ?	bread
4592	They mix ingredients in a bowl .	what do they mix in a bowl ?	ingredients
4592	They mix ingredients in a bowl .	where do they mix ingredients . ?	bowl
4593	They cook the bread on a grill .	what do they cook on a grill ?	bread
4595	A rustic static bike of wood is in a room .	where is the rustic static bike of wood . ?	room
4596	Then , a man pedal the bike while showing the handle .	who do then , pedal the bike while showing the handle ?	man
4596	Then , a man pedal the bike while showing the handle .	what do then , the man pedal while showing the handle ?	bicycle
4597	Then the man sits on the bike to pedal and then stands .	then who sits on the bike to pedal and then stands ?	man
4598	A man uses a beard trimmer to trim his cheeks and neck .	who uses the beard trimmer to trim his cheeks and neck ?	man
4598	A man uses a beard trimmer to trim his cheeks and neck .	who does the man use ?	trimmer
4599	The man strokes his goatee and examines it .	who strokes his goatee and examines it ?	man
4600	The man trims his chin area to make a mustache .	who trims his chin area to make a mustache ?	man
4601	A male is standing by the white door , he is holding rectangular wood , and on the other hand is a board that holds big chunk of brown clay .	what is the color of the door ?	white
4601	A male is standing by the white door , he is holding rectangular wood , and on the other hand is a board that holds big chunk of brown clay .	what is the color of the clay ?	brown
4602	He pointed the wall and started to spread the brown clay on the wall , she spread it by rubbing it smoothly and in half circle way .	what did he point , she spread it by rubbing it smoothly and in half circle way ?	wall
4602	He pointed the wall and started to spread the brown clay on the wall , she spread it by rubbing it smoothly and in half circle way .	what is the color of the clay ?	brown
4608	The people go over a small waterfall and their raft is overturned .	what do the people go over a small waterfall and is overturned ?	raft
4610	The camera pans up to show nature and fades to white .	what pans up to show nature and fades to white ?	camera
4611	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4617	A teen is balancing on the higher uneven bar .	who is balancing on the higher uneven bar ?	teen
4619	Two A girl exercise on the uneven bars behind the teen .	who exercise on the uneven bars behind the teen ?	girl
4619	Two A girl exercise on the uneven bars behind the teen .	how many a girl exercise on the uneven bars behind the teen ?	two
4621	A man in a red shirt is playing with only one shoe on .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
4623	A woman is seen sitting behind a poker table and dealer cards while others do the same in the back .	who is seen sitting behind the poker table and dealer cards while others do the same in the back ?	woman
4624	The woman continues dealing cards on the table while looking and smiling to the camera .	who continues dealing cards on the table while looking and smiling to the camera ?	woman
4625	A man and a woman decorate a Christmas tree from decorations around the room in sped-up video .	what do the man and a woman decorate from decorations around the room in sped-up video ?	tree
4626	A dog walks through the camera frame .	what walks through the camera frame ?	dog
4627	The man leaves the camera frame .	who leaves the camera frame ?	man
4627	The man leaves the camera frame .	what does the man leave ?	frame
4628	The man returns to decorating wearing a Santa hat .	who returns to decorating wearing the santa hat ?	man
4629	The man stands on a chair to put a decoration at the top of the tree .	who stands on the chair to put a decoration at the top of the tree ?	man
4630	The completed tree is shown by itself .	what is shown by itself ?	tree
4631	An elderly man is using an elliptical trainer inside a gym .	who is using an elliptical trainer inside a gym ?	man
4633	Several clips are shown of people holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball into the distance .	what are shown of people holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball into the distance ?	clips
4636	A female gymnast mounts a high beam in a gym .	who mounts the high beam in a gym ?	gymnast
4636	A female gymnast mounts a high beam in a gym .	where does the female gymnast mount a high beam . ?	gym
4638	A boy in the background climbs a rope as she dismounts .	what does the boy in the background climb ?	rope
4639	A woman in a white shirt is standing by an exercise machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
4642	A man is throwing darts inside a room .	who is throwing darts inside a room ?	man
4643	Another man ducks so he does n't get hit .	who ducks so he does n't get hit ?	man
4644	The darts hit the dart board in slow motion .	what did the darts hit in slow motion ?	board
4646	One person is seen standing on the horse and the camera continues to follow the people riding along on the horses .	what is one person seen and continues to follow the people riding along on the horses ?	camera
4646	One person is seen standing on the horse and the camera continues to follow the people riding along on the horses .	how many person is seen standing on the horse ?	one
4649	All three girls stand and then drop a bottle cap to move forward with their jumps .	who stand and then drop the bottle cap to move forward with their jumps ?	girls
4649	All three girls stand and then drop a bottle cap to move forward with their jumps .	what do all three girls drop ?	cap
4649	All three girls stand and then drop a bottle cap to move forward with their jumps .	how many girls stand and then drop the bottle cap to move forward with their jumps ?	three
4651	A man and a woman in a garage style weight room demonstrate how to lift a weight bar with the woman exhibiting the lifting of the weights .	where do the man and a woman demonstrate how to lift a weight bar with the woman exhibiting the lifting of the weights . ?	room
4652	A man in a black t-shirt and sandals stands next to a woman in a garage style weight room .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	black
4653	The woman picks up a weight bar using the knees to bend as the man talks and points to her muscle groups .	who picks up the weight bar using the knees to bend as the man talks and points to her muscle groups ?	woman
4653	The woman picks up a weight bar using the knees to bend as the man talks and points to her muscle groups .	what does the woman pick up using the knees to bend as the man talks and points to her muscle groups ?	bar
4654	The woman hoists the bar above her head in a weight lifting move several times before lowering the bar back to the floor .	who hoists the bar above her head in a weight lifting move several times before lowering the bar back to the floor ?	woman
4662	A bull fighter is shown fighting a bull .	who is shown fighting the bull ?	fighter
4666	A lawn mower is being pushed through grass .	what is being pushed through grass ?	mower
4672	The camera turned around , then turned back to the girl swinging , she is twisting the chains of the swing , and she is swirling around with the swing .	what turned around , then turned back to the girl swinging , she is twisting the chains of the swing , and she is swirling around with the swing ?	camera
4673	The girl in black shirt and black skirt and tights keeps swing so fast and high and then she jumped on the sandy ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
4674	The girl climbed the climber , she put her feet up while her arms and hands are holding the bar .	who climbed the climber , she put her feet up while her arms and hands are holding the bar ?	girl
4674	The girl climbed the climber , she put her feet up while her arms and hands are holding the bar .	what did the girl climb , ?	climber
4675	The girl fell down on the ground , she stood up , then went to the other side of the climber , reached for the bar and moved to the other next bar .	who fell down on the ground , she stood up , then went to the other side of the climber , reached for the bar and moved to the other next bar ?	girl
4676	The girl is sitting on blue bouncing chair while she look on her side , she stood up , continue to pull her weight forward and backward .	who is sitting on blue bouncing chair while she look on her side , she stood up , continue to pull her weight forward and backward ?	girl
4676	The girl is sitting on blue bouncing chair while she look on her side , she stood up , continue to pull her weight forward and backward .	what is the color of the chair ?	blue
4677	The girl sat on top of the slide then slide down , put on her slippers then went back to the top of the slide and slide down .	who sat on top of the slide then slide down , put on her slippers then went back to the top of the slide and slide down ?	girl
4678	A blue backdrop is pictured with white words saying titling , `` Mowing the Lawn May 2009 '' .	what is pictured with white words saying titling , `` mowing the lawn may 2009 '' ?	backdrop
4678	A blue backdrop is pictured with white words saying titling , `` Mowing the Lawn May 2009 '' .	what is the color of the backdrop ?	blue
4678	A blue backdrop is pictured with white words saying titling , `` Mowing the Lawn May 2009 '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
4679	A middle aged man is outside , wearing a white muscle short and red shorts pushing a lawn mower in his yard .	who is outside , wearing the white muscle short and red shorts pushing a lawn mower in his yard ?	man
4679	A middle aged man is outside , wearing a white muscle short and red shorts pushing a lawn mower in his yard .	what is the color of the muscle ?	white
4683	The girl continues brushing her hair and looking off into the distance .	who continues brushing her hair and looking off into the distance ?	girl
4685	A man talks to a group while standing in a raft .	who talks to the group while standing in a raft ?	man
4697	A competitive sporting event is taking place in an outdoor arena and the competitors are on the ground while the spectators are in the stands .	who is the competitive sporting event taking place in an outdoor arena and are on the ground while the spectators are in the stands ?	competitors
4699	A woman is holding a microphone standing outside a room .	who is holding the microphone standing outside a room ?	woman
4700	People are playing wall ball in the room .	where are people playing wall ball . ?	room
4701	The woman is holding a piece of paper .	who is holding the piece of paper ?	woman
4702	Two men are shown playing soccer in a gym followed by a pan out showing more players .	how many men are shown playing soccer in a gym followed by a pan out showing more players ?	two
4703	The man is white leads the ball down the gym several times and performing various tricks and goals .	who is white leads the ball down the gym several times and performing various tricks and goals ?	man
4703	The man is white leads the ball down the gym several times and performing various tricks and goals .	what is the color of the leads ?	white
4705	A man is trying to lift weights in a gym .	who is trying to lift weights in a gym ?	man
4705	A man is trying to lift weights in a gym .	where is the man trying to lift weights . ?	gym
4706	He lifts the barbell up to his chest .	what does he lift up to his chest ?	barbell
4711	The camera follows him gliding out into the water gradually going further and further .	what follows him gliding out into the water gradually going further and further ?	camera
4712	We see a black opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4712	We see a black opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
4713	We see a blue track with people running on it .	what do we see with people running on it ?	track
4713	We see a blue track with people running on it .	what is the color of the track ?	blue
4715	We then see the man jump at 6 ' .	who do we then see at 6 ' ?	jump
4716	We then see the man jump at 6 ' 2 '' and he knocks the pole over .	who do we then see at 6 ' 2 '' and he knocks the pole over ?	jump
4716	We then see the man jump at 6 ' 2 '' and he knocks the pole over .	what do we then see the man jump at 6 ' 2 '' and he knocks over ?	pole
4718	The man walks to the camera and turns it off .	who walks to the camera and turns it off ?	man
4719	A little boy is holding a paintbrush in the yard .	who is holding the paintbrush in the yard ?	boy
4721	He dips it in the bucket , continuing to pretend to paint .	where did he dip it , continuing to pretend to paint . ?	bucket
4722	A man washes a car with a brush , while three people rinse the car with hoses .	who washes the car with a brush , while three people rinse the car with hoses ?	man
4722	A man washes a car with a brush , while three people rinse the car with hoses .	how many people does the man wash a car with a brush , while rinse the car with hoses ?	three
4724	A person that wears a red t-shirt sprays detergent on a car , then two men rinse the car with hoses , while other cars are covered with white detergent .	what do the person rinse with hoses , ?	car
4724	A person that wears a red t-shirt sprays detergent on a car , then two men rinse the car with hoses , while other cars are covered with white detergent .	that does the person wear a red t-shirt sprays detergent on a car , then how many men rinse the car with hoses , while other cars are covered with white detergent ?	two
4724	A person that wears a red t-shirt sprays detergent on a car , then two men rinse the car with hoses , while other cars are covered with white detergent .	what is the color of the detergent ?	red
4724	A person that wears a red t-shirt sprays detergent on a car , then two men rinse the car with hoses , while other cars are covered with white detergent .	what is the color of the detergent ?	white
4725	A young child is seen standing before a mat looking down at the floor .	who is seen standing before the mat looking down at the floor ?	child
4728	A man is seen speaking to the camera next to a horse and leads into clips of him riding around on the horse and close ups of other horses .	who is seen speaking to the camera next to a horse and leads into clips of him riding around on the horse and close ups of other horses ?	man
4729	The host speaks to another man while more shots of horses are shown as well as a man hitting a ball .	who speaks to another man while more shots of horses are shown as well as a man hitting a ball ?	host
4730	The men then ride horses and learn to play a sport and ends with the host speaking in a uniform .	what do the men then ride ?	horses
4732	A guy rides an exercise bike .	who rides an exercise bike ?	guy
4732	A guy rides an exercise bike .	what does the guy rid exercise ?	bicycle
4733	The guy adjusts the exercise bike seat .	who adjusts the exercise bike seat ?	guy
4733	The guy adjusts the exercise bike seat .	what does the guy adjust exercise ?	seat
4735	A woman uses a piece of chalk on a canvas .	who uses the piece of chalk on a canvas ?	woman
4738	An array of shoe shining tools are shown including different kinds and colors of shoe polish , a polishing rag and a black shiny shoe .	what is the color of the shoe ?	black
4739	A group of adult students sit in a classroom style room and look to the front of the class as if attending a class and listening intensely .	where do the group of adult students sit . ?	room
4740	A shoe shine demonstration takes place with a man kneeling in front of a group of students and using a sample shoe as an example .	what takes place with a man kneeling in front of a group of students and using a sample shoe as an example ?	demonstration
4741	Several people in aprons , then kneel before people wearing shoes and shine the people 's shoes on red buckets with polishing clothes and polish .	what is the color of the buckets ?	red
4743	A man is lifting very heavy weight above his head and dropping it .	who is lifting very heavy weight above his head and dropping it ?	man
4747	Two Sumo wrestlers are indoor fighting one another as the referee moves around them .	who are indoor fighting one another as the referee moves around them ?	wrestlers
4747	Two Sumo wrestlers are indoor fighting one another as the referee moves around them .	how many sumo wrestlers are indoor fighting one another as the referee moves around them ?	two
4748	One person is then thrown off of the mat and another set of people are shown .	how many person is then thrown off of the mat ?	one
4749	The smaller of the two then flips the big guy from in the air and then the match is over .	who does the smaller of the two then flip from in the air and then the match is over ?	guy
4751	When the match is complete , two men are shown sitting at a desk with a phone number on a white board .	how many men is when the match complete , are shown sitting at a desk with a phone number on a white board ?	two
4751	When the match is complete , two men are shown sitting at a desk with a phone number on a white board .	what is the color of the board ?	white
4752	A girl wearing a bikini on the beach is shown doing several sits up on a ball and fixing her hair .	who is wearing a bikini on the beach is shown doing several sits up on a ball and fixing her hair ?	girl
4754	A man holds a weigh on his back , then he kneels on the floor .	who holds the weigh on his back , then he kneels on the floor ?	man
4756	A woman demonstrates how to properly wrap a gift from behind the counter of a gift shop .	who demonstrates how to properly wrap the gift from behind the counter of a gift shop ?	woman
4757	A woman stands behind a sales counter in front of several wrapped gifts and gift wrapping materials .	who stands behind the sales counter in front of several wrapped gifts and gift wrapping materials ?	woman
4758	Gift wrapping materials are shown sitting on the counter including gift wrap , scissors , and ribbon .	what are shown sitting on the counter including gift wrap , scissors , and ribbon ?	materials
4759	The woman then wraps the gift with final ribbon and the camera closes up on the finishes , wrapped , product .	who then wraps the gift with final ribbon and the camera closes up on the finishes , wrapped , product ?	woman
4759	The woman then wraps the gift with final ribbon and the camera closes up on the finishes , wrapped , product .	what does the woman then wrap the gift with final ribbon and closes up on the finishes , wrapped , product ?	camera
4760	A heavy man in a blue shirt is playing the bag pipes .	what is the heavy man in a blue shirt playing ?	pipes
4760	A heavy man in a blue shirt is playing the bag pipes .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
4763	He adjusts the bag pipe and continues to play .	what does he adjust ?	pipe
4765	A woman is seated behind a wooden table .	who is seated behind the wooden table ?	woman
4769	A man rides a bicycle down a path with cars in the background .	who rides the bicycle down a path with cars in the background ?	man
4769	A man rides a bicycle down a path with cars in the background .	what did the man rid down a path with cars in the background ?	bicycle
4770	The man disassembles and repairs the bicycle .	the man disassembles and repairs what ?	bicycle
4772	The man rides the bicycle down a road alongside parked cars .	who rides the bicycle down a road alongside parked cars ?	man
4772	The man rides the bicycle down a road alongside parked cars .	what did the man rid down a road alongside parked cars ?	bicycle
4773	A man speaks on a microphone .	who speaks on the microphone ?	man
4774	Suddenly , a man jumps on the neck of a person and throw him to the floor .	suddenly , who jumps on the neck of a person and throw him to the floor ?	man
4776	A wrestler jumps on the back of a man to stay upside down while the judge watch .	who jumps on the back of a man to stay upside down while the judge watch ?	wrestler
4780	Softened butter is placed in a mixing bowl .	what is placed in the mixing bowl ?	butter
4780	Softened butter is placed in a mixing bowl .	where is softened butter placed . ?	bowl
4785	The dough is flattened and baked into cookies .	what is flattened and baked into cookies ?	dough
4786	The cookies are then placed on a baking sheet , then rack to cool with a spatula .	what are then placed on the baking sheet , then rack to cool with a spatula ?	cookies
4787	The cookies are cooled to be enjoyed .	what are cooled to be enjoyed ?	cookies
4788	A bartender is talking from behind a bar .	who is talking from behind the bar ?	bartender
4790	Then he is shown making a specific red drink , shaking it before pouring it into a glass .	what is the color of the drink ?	red
4791	Two tam tams are in a living room .	what are in the living room ?	tams
4791	Two tam tams are in a living room .	how many tam tams are in the living room ?	two
4791	Two tam tams are in a living room .	where are two tam tams . ?	room
4792	Then , A man comes and talks on front the tam tams .	who does then , come and talks on front the tam tams ?	man
4793	After , the man plays the tam tam in a living room .	who does after , play the tam tam in a living room ?	man
4793	After , the man plays the tam tam in a living room .	where does after , the man play the tam tam . ?	room
4794	A man on the dock hands a rope to a water skier .	what does the man on the dock hand to a water skier ?	rope
4796	The water skier falls but recovers then lets go of the rope and drifts over to the shoreline .	who falls but recovers then lets go of the rope and drifts over to the shoreline ?	skier
4798	The man drink from his water .	who drink from his water ?	man
4799	The man rows fast on the machine .	who rows fast on the machine ?	man
4800	We see a title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
4801	We see the man stop rowing and walks and gets the camera .	who do we see ?	rowing
4801	We see the man stop rowing and walks and gets the camera .	what does we walk and gets ?	camera
4802	The man then shows the screen on the rowing machine .	who then shows the screen on the rowing machine ?	man
4803	The man kisses his fingers and the camera falls to the ground .	who kisses his fingers and the camera falls to the ground ?	man
4803	The man kisses his fingers and the camera falls to the ground .	what does the man kiss his fingers and falls to the ground ?	camera
4804	A man stands in front of a business logo and discusses .	who stands in front of a business logo and discusses ?	man
4808	A cat is sitting on the floor looking up as his owner tried to grab him .	what is sitting on the floor looking up as his owner tried to grab him ?	cat
4809	The owner picks him up and sits down with him and begins to clip his nails .	who picks him up and sits down with him and begins to clip his nails ?	owner
4810	The cat is moving his head around wagging its tail around but not giving a hard time .	what is moving his head around wagging its tail around but not giving a hard time ?	cat
4811	The owner then begins to rub its belly and play with it 's feet , before putting the cat back on the ground .	who then begins to rub its belly and play with it 's feet , before putting the cat back on the ground ?	owner
4813	The pitcher throws and men all start running .	who throws and men all start running ?	pitcher
4814	We see a man laying on the ground , with medics around .	who do we see laying on the ground , with medics around ?	man
4817	man is sitting in a living room talking to the camera .	who is sitting in the living room talking to the camera ?	man
4818	man starts playing the flute and keep talknig .	who starts playing the flute and keep talknig ?	man
4821	The men put a tarp around the house .	what did the men put around the house ?	tarp
4822	The men are removing the roof pieces and throwing down onto the tarp .	what are the men removing and throwing down onto the tarp ?	pieces
4829	A female basketball coach is seen instructing a group of girl basketball players who are standing in line on a basketball court .	who is basketball seen instructing a group of girl basketball players who are standing in line on a basketball court ?	coach
4830	The first girl passes to another coach and then runs to the net and takes a layup .	who passes to another coach and then runs to the net and takes a layup ?	girl
4831	The girls continue to do the drill on the right side .	who continue to do the drill on the right side ?	girls
4832	The girls move to the left side and perform the same drill on the left side of the court .	who move to the left side and perform the same drill on the left side of the court ?	girls
4832	The girls move to the left side and perform the same drill on the left side of the court .	what do the girls perform on the left side of the court ?	drill
4833	woman is standing in a roofed gym lifting weight .	who is standing in the roofed gym lifting weight ?	woman
4834	coach is standing next to the gril coaching her and helping her .	who is standing next to the gril coaching her and helping her ?	coach
4835	after a few advices the woman lift the weight again .	who do after the few advices lift the weight again ?	woman
4837	The boys run , chasing the ball and fighting to get it away from each other .	who run , chasing the ball and fighting to get it away from each other ?	boys
4838	One boy kicks into the opposing team 's goal .	who kicks into the opposing team 's goal ?	boy
4838	One boy kicks into the opposing team 's goal .	how many boy kicks into the opposing team 's goal ?	one
4840	The boys continue playing for the remainder of the game .	who continue playing for the remainder of the game ?	boys
4841	On the final screen , an older man is shown holding a little boy in his arms .	who is on the final screen , shown holding a little boy in his arms ?	man
4842	A woman talks on a cordless phone while sitting on a throne , and while another woman kneels at her feet and wipes them down with her clothes .	who talks on the cordless phone while sitting on a throne , and while another woman kneels at her feet and wipes them down with her clothes ?	woman
4843	The woman on the throne sticks her foot out in front of the kneeling woman and the kneeling woman begins to wipe the woman 's feet with her sari .	who does the woman on the throne stick her foot out in front of the kneeling woman and begins to wipe the woman 's feet with her sari ?	woman
4844	A man is speaking while standing in front of a smart car .	who is speaking while standing in front of a smart car ?	man
4846	The man returns to the front of the vehicle , finishing with his final words .	who returns to the front of the vehicle , finishing with his final words ?	man
4848	A man in a office chair is sitting with some type of pen up .	where is the man sitting with some type of pen up . ?	chair
4852	The woman then takes the contact out of her eyes , then puts them back in on the fade out .	who then takes the contact out of her eyes , then puts them back in on the fade out ?	woman
4853	Someone grabs a rubix cube off of their desk and begin to solve it .	what does someone grab off of their desk ?	cube
4857	Two girls are seen speaking to the camera followed by a person laying fruit out and mixing it into a blender .	who are seen speaking to the camera followed by a person laying fruit out and mixing it into a blender ?	girls
4857	Two girls are seen speaking to the camera followed by a person laying fruit out and mixing it into a blender .	how many girls are seen speaking to the camera followed by a person laying fruit out and mixing it into a blender ?	two
4858	The girls continue to put the fruit into a blender while taking bites on the side and pushing down further into the blender .	who continue to put the fruit into a blender while taking bites on the side and pushing down further into the blender ?	girls
4861	A cheerleading team performs on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
4863	We see kids with feet on skateboards .	who do we see with feet on skateboards ?	kids
4865	A kid crashes and has a hard time recovering .	who crashes and has the hard time recovering ?	kid
4866	A boy loses his board and has to run after it .	who loses his board and has to run after it ?	boy
4872	Two people stand in front of a cake and they talk .	how many people stand in front of a cake ?	two
4874	A woman mixes ingredients into a pot on the stove .	who mixes ingredients into a pot on the stove ?	woman
4874	A woman mixes ingredients into a pot on the stove .	what does the woman mix into a pot on the stove ?	ingredients
4875	A man pours in rum into the pot and stirs it .	who pours in rum into the pot and stirs it ?	man
4876	They poke holes in the cake with knives and pour the mixture on it .	what do they poke in the cake with knives ?	holes
4878	They eat the cake as they talk .	what do they eat ?	cake
4879	A person is lathering up a dog 's fur with an purple shower head attached to a green hose .	what is the color of the head ?	purple
4879	A person is lathering up a dog 's fur with an purple shower head attached to a green hose .	what is the color of the hose ?	green
4880	The dog shakes his fur .	what shakes his fur ?	dog
4882	A small child is seen standing on the ground and begins boxing with another .	who is seen standing on the ground and begins boxing with another ?	child
4883	The boy uses boxing gloves to hit a man in front of him also wearing gloves .	who uses boxing gloves to hit a man in front of him also wearing gloves ?	boy
4885	A man in a black jacket is standing outside talking .	what is the color of the jacket ?	black
4887	A man in a red hat is playing hockey and makes several goals .	what is the color of the hat ?	red
4888	An older man is shown cleaning off a car in front of a home with a snow scraper .	who is shown cleaning off the car in front of a home with a snow scraper ?	man
4889	The camera pans around the car while the older man continues to push snow off of it .	what pans around the car while the older man continues to push snow off of it ?	camera
4890	A woman is in a kitchen making a tomato sauce in the kitchen .	who is in the kitchen making a tomato sauce in the kitchen ?	woman
4891	The woman is showing the camera her plated food .	who is showing the camera her plated food ?	woman
4892	The woman then grabs a green and a box of pasta .	who then grabs the green and a box of pasta ?	woman
4893	The lady then begins to stir the tomato sauce and puts greens into it .	who then begins to stir the tomato sauce and puts greens into it ?	lady
4893	The lady then begins to stir the tomato sauce and puts greens into it .	what does the lady then put into it ?	greens
4894	Lastly , the lady pours the pasta into the sauce .	who does lastly , pour the pasta into the sauce ?	lady
4894	Lastly , the lady pours the pasta into the sauce .	what does lastly , the lady pour into the sauce ?	pasta
4895	A window cleaner in sneakers and a beanie is hanging up and cleaning a window with a towel , with other cleaners behind him hard at work .	where is the window cleaner hanging up and cleaning a window with a towel , with other cleaners behind him hard at work . ?	beanie
4897	The camera person pans around the environment .	what pans around the environment ?	person
4898	We see small boys playing tug of war in a field .	who do we see playing tug of war in a field ?	boys
4899	A man in black walks past the kids .	what is the color of the man ?	black
4900	The kid in the white shirt lets go of the rope and puts his hands in the air .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
4901	A lady walks up and talks to the kids .	who walks up and talks to the kids ?	lady
4904	Two people are seen performing various martial arts with one another while a large group of people watch on the sides .	how many people are seen performing various martial arts with one another while a large group of people watch on the sides ?	two
4906	A woman is doing tricks with her jump rope .	who is doing tricks with her jump rope ?	woman
4911	People are loading inflated tires into the body of water .	what are people loading into the body of water ?	tires
4913	People are spraying elongated water guns .	what are people spraying ?	guns
4914	People are paddling canoes down the body of water .	what are people paddling down the body of water ?	canoes
4915	A guy present his can of beer .	who present his can of beer ?	guy
4918	A woman in a blue jacket is standing on the field watching them .	what is the color of the jacket ?	blue
4919	The kids are chasing around a yellow ball .	who are chasing around the yellow ball ?	kids
4919	The kids are chasing around a yellow ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
4920	A woman starts running down a track .	who starts running down the track ?	woman
4924	These people are pedaling using only one leg and they 're standing in the middle of the bike with the other one holding their hands up .	how many leg are these people pedaling using ?	one
4925	Next they do a different exercise where they put one foot on the pedal , while they have one foot out and they bounce up and down .	how many foot do next they do a different exercise where they put on the pedal , while they have one foot out ?	one
4926	A woman stands on front a young lady and talks .	who stands on front a young lady and talks ?	woman
4928	After , the woman and the young lady stop exercising , and the woman talks while making gestures with her hands .	who do after , the woman and the young lady stop , and talks while making gestures with her hands ?	woman
4929	A lady that works at a casino shows you how to play black jack .	who shows you how to play black jack ?	lady
4929	A lady that works at a casino shows you how to play black jack .	what is the color of the jack ?	black
4930	the lady deals out two card each 5 times and deals her self one card .	who deals out two card each 5 times and deals her self one card ?	lady
4931	the lady then explains what you are allowed to do with the cards that you where dealt with , she also deals out two more cards one each deck .	who then explains what you are allowed to do with the cards that you where dealt with , she also deals out two more cards one each deck ?	lady
4932	finally she deals out two more cards to her self and shows the outcome from adding chips to the areas she dealt the card from the start .	how many more cards does finally she deal out to her self ?	two
4933	the lady then scoops up all the cards on the table and the round is over .	who then scoops up all the cards on the table and the round is over ?	lady
4933	the lady then scoops up all the cards on the table and the round is over .	what does the lady then scoop up all the cards on the table and is over ?	round
4935	A man is then shown in a bowling store speaking to the camera .	who is then shown in the bowling store speaking to the camera ?	man
4936	Another title slide introduces the next clip .	what introduces the next clip ?	slide
4936	Another title slide introduces the next clip .	what does another title slide introduce ?	clip
4937	As the man speaks to the camera , several clips are shown of a man rolling a bowling ball down the lane .	what are , shown of the man rolling a bowling ball down the lane ?	clips
4939	A man pushes a child on the swing set of a large park area .	who pushes the child on the swing set of a large park area ?	man
4940	The man holds the swing and brings the child to a stop .	who holds the swing and brings the child to a stop ?	man
4940	The man holds the swing and brings the child to a stop .	who does the man bring to a stop ?	child
4941	The man pushes the swing to get the child started again .	who pushes the swing to get the child started again ?	man
4942	A man is at a bowling alley dressed in bowling clothes , shoes and wearing gloves as he takes turns rolling the ball down the lane and hitting pins .	who is at the bowling alley dressed in bowling clothes , shoes and wearing gloves as he takes turns rolling the ball down the lane and hitting pins ?	man
4944	A graphic introduces the hand car wash video .	what introduces the hand car wash video ?	graphic
4945	The car is washed first gently with soap .	what is washed first gently with soap ?	car
4946	Next , the tires are soaped and washed thoroughly .	what are next , soaped and washed thoroughly ?	tires
4947	After that , the car 's engine is steam cleaned .	what is after that , engine steam cleaned ?	car
4947	After that , the car 's engine is steam cleaned .	what is after that , steam cleaned ?	engine
4948	A final spot free rinse is applied and the car is dried .	what is the final spot free rinse applied and is dried ?	car
4949	A man is seen standing inside a large room and begins hitting a ball against a wall with a tennis racket .	who is seen standing inside the large room and begins hitting a ball against a wall with a tennis racket ?	man
4952	A man is talking in front of a display of alcoholic drinks .	who is talking in front of a display of alcoholic drinks ?	man
4955	A boy is talking in front of a camera in his room .	who is talking in front of a camera in his room ?	boy
4958	A woman is seated as a person with gloved hands inserts a hole into her tongue .	who is seated as the person with gloved hands inserts a hole into her tongue ?	woman
4961	Several wrestlers are shown lined up in a game with a person choosing his characters .	who are shown lined up in the game with a person choosing his characters ?	wrestlers
4964	There 's a man demonstrating how to melt wax and coat surfaces with wax using an iron .	who does there 's demonstrating how to melt wax and coat surfaces with wax using an iron ?	man
4971	A boy talks to the camera at a beach .	who talks to the camera at a beach ?	boy
4972	A man walks from right to left in the background .	who walks from right to left in the background ?	man
4973	The boy interacts with a man in front of a sand castle .	who interacts with the man in front of a sand castle ?	boy
4974	A woman walks from right to left in the background .	who walks from right to left in the background ?	woman
4980	The boy uses the soap dispenser again .	who uses the soap dispenser again ?	boy
4980	The boy uses the soap dispenser again .	what does the boy use again ?	dispenser
4981	The boy looks at the camera and talks .	who looks at the camera and talks ?	boy
4982	An adult grabs his hand when he attempts to get more soap .	who grabs his hand when he attempts to get more soap ?	adult
4983	A bicycle flipped upside down is up against the wall as an orange change is shown .	what upside down is up against the wall as an orange change is shown ?	flipped
4983	A bicycle flipped upside down is up against the wall as an orange change is shown .	what is the color of the change ?	orange
4985	The man then takes out a yardstick and begins to measure certain parts of the bike .	who then takes out the yardstick and begins to measure certain parts of the bike ?	man
4986	Pieces are then removed and tightened with the wrench and rings are placed inside by where the chain goes .	pieces are then removed and tightened with the wrench and what are placed inside by where the chain goes ?	rings
4987	A man is doing Tai Chi moves on a beach alone in front of the sun .	who is doing tai chi moves on a beach alone in front of the sun ?	man
4988	A group of people all dressed in white joins the man on the beach and does the martial arts moves .	the group of people all dressed in white joins who on the beach and does the martial arts moves ?	man
4989	The man is alone again doing the moves .	who is alone again doing the moves ?	man
4991	The man is alone on a hill doing the moves .	who is alone on the hill doing the moves ?	man
4992	The man is back on the beach doing the moves as the sun begins to set .	who is back on the beach doing the moves as the sun begins to set ?	man
5004	The man uses a tool to cut along the grass .	who uses the tool to cut along the grass ?	man
5004	The man uses a tool to cut along the grass .	what does the man use ?	tool
5009	A man is stirring a pot on a stove .	who is stirring the pot on a stove ?	man
5010	A plate is brought over to the stove .	what is brought over to the stove ?	plate
5011	He dishes out what was in the pan onto the plate .	what does he dish out was where . ?	pan
5012	Many different women wearing many different shoes are walking a dog on the sidewalk , one wearing wedges walks up some stairs .	who are wearing many different shoes are walking a dog on the sidewalk , one wearing wedges walks up some stairs ?	women
5012	Many different women wearing many different shoes are walking a dog on the sidewalk , one wearing wedges walks up some stairs .	what are many different women wearing many different shoes are walking on the sidewalk , one wearing wedges walks up some stairs ?	dog
5013	A man begins to talk about what seems like a dog stylist parlor .	who begins to talk about what seems like the dog stylist parlor ?	man
5014	There are many dogs being groomed and getting cute fancy hair cuts .	what are there being groomed and getting cute fancy hair cuts ?	dogs
5015	One of them is wagging it 's tails very excited enjoying the situation .	what is one of them wagging very excited ?	tails
5021	A man is then shown in a cage spinning around throwing a shot put that people begin to measure .	who is then shown in the cage spinning around throwing a shot put that people begin to measure ?	man
5022	Another man approaches the circle , repeats the action and begins to jump up in glee .	who approaches the circle , repeats the action and begins to jump up in glee ?	man
5022	Another man approaches the circle , repeats the action and begins to jump up in glee .	what does another man approach ?	circle
5024	There 's a man working a bicycle wheel with various tools .	who does there 's working a bicycle wheel with various tools ?	man
5024	There 's a man working a bicycle wheel with various tools .	there 's a man working what with various tools ?	wheel
5026	Then he fixes the center nut and uses a wrench to loosen it .	what does then he fix ?	nut
5028	He uses another tool to unscrew a washer out of the axle .	what does he use ?	tool
5029	Then he uses a tool with a magnetic end to remove tiny metal particles out of the axle .	what does then he use with a magnetic end ?	tool
5033	The person then pushes the fruit around the bowl with a spoon over and over again .	what does the person then push around the bowl with a spoon over and over again ?	fruit
5036	The camera follows the people riding along on the horses and leads to them back at the stables .	what follows the people riding along on the horses and leads to them back at the stables ?	camera
5038	He is wearing a pair of black track pants , black shirt and a cap .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
5038	He is wearing a pair of black track pants , black shirt and a cap .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
5040	A spoon is seen spinning around various foods and liquids and leads into a hand cutting up vegetables on a cutting board .	what is seen spinning around various foods and liquids and leads into a hand cutting up vegetables on a cutting board ?	spoon
5041	A baby is seen watching from behind and the camera zooms in on various websites and foods present .	who is seen watching from behind and the camera zooms in on various websites and foods present ?	baby
5041	A baby is seen watching from behind and the camera zooms in on various websites and foods present .	what is the baby seen and zooms in on various websites and foods present ?	camera
5042	Pasta is seen sitting in a pot and the person uses a spoon to spin it around .	what is pasta seen and the person uses ?	spoon
5042	Pasta is seen sitting in a pot and the person uses a spoon to spin it around .	where is pasta seen sitting and the person uses a spoon to spin it around . ?	pot
5043	They pour ingredients into a pot to bowl and add more vegetables , ending with all the ingredients put together on a plate to present .	what do they pour into a pot to bowl and add more vegetables , ending with all the ingredients put together on a plate to present ?	ingredients
5045	The man begins playing the instrument while looking to the camera .	who begins playing the instrument while looking to the camera ?	man
5047	A man wearing a yellow shirt and a man wearing a black shirt play racket ball .	who is wearing a yellow shirt and a man wearing a black shirt play racket ball ?	man
5047	A man wearing a yellow shirt and a man wearing a black shirt play racket ball .	what is the man wearing play ?	ball
5047	A man wearing a yellow shirt and a man wearing a black shirt play racket ball .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
5047	A man wearing a yellow shirt and a man wearing a black shirt play racket ball .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
5048	The man in black serves the ball .	what does the man in black serve ?	ball
5048	The man in black serves the ball .	what is the color of the man ?	black
5049	The man in yellow serves the ball .	what does the man in yellow serve ?	ball
5050	The man in yellow serves the ball again .	what does the man in yellow serve again ?	ball
5051	The man in yellow plays alone while the man in black stands by .	what is the color of the man ?	black
5052	A hand covers the camera lens .	what does the hand cover ?	lens
5053	A man stands atop a rock formation .	who stands atop the rock formation ?	man
5055	Several credits are shown on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
5057	Rafters appear , paddling through the rushing currents .	what appear , paddling through the rushing currents ?	rafters
5058	The rafter continues as he navigates the river .	what continues as he navigates the river ?	rafter
5059	A blue logo appears across the screen with white words in it .	what is the color of the logo ?	blue
5059	A blue logo appears across the screen with white words in it .	what is the color of the words ?	white
5060	A young male gymnast is then shown in a room in front of a balance beam .	who is then shown in the room in front of a balance beam ?	gymnast
5061	The gymnast then begins using his hands to describe the motions he is about to do .	who then begins using his hands to describe the motions he is about to do ?	gymnast
5062	After , the male grabs the two bars and pulls himself up and holds his body up before going into a hand stand , he comes down , and does another one .	how many bars does after , the male grab , he comes down , and does another one ?	two
5063	The gymnast does several more tricks and then does a flip off of the bars .	who does several more tricks and then does a flip off of the bars ?	gymnast
5064	A woman dressed in a blue shirt and black apron begins talking behind the table .	who dressed in a blue shirt and black apron begins talking behind the table ?	woman
5064	A woman dressed in a blue shirt and black apron begins talking behind the table .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
5064	A woman dressed in a blue shirt and black apron begins talking behind the table .	what is the color of the apron ?	black
5065	On the table , she has five different kinds of paint , brushes and other supplies needed to complete the task .	how many different kinds does on the table , she have of paint , brushes and other supplies needed to complete the task ?	five
5067	The lady begins by taking a screwdriver and removing the knob from the drawer and wiping it down with a wet cloth .	who begins by taking the screwdriver and removing the knob from the drawer and wiping it down with a wet cloth ?	lady
5068	Next comes the brown paint as she begins putting various strokes on it to finish it .	what does next come ?	paint
5068	Next comes the brown paint as she begins putting various strokes on it to finish it .	what is the color of the paint ?	brown
5071	A man in a cowboy hat walks up and grabs an ax .	what does the man in a cowboy hat grab ?	ax
5072	The man then goes around hitting the logs with the ax and splitting them in two hits .	who then goes around hitting the logs with the ax and splitting them in two hits ?	man
5073	The man drops the ax and turns off the camera .	who drops the ax and turns off the camera ?	man
5073	The man drops the ax and turns off the camera .	what does the man drop ?	ax
5073	The man drops the ax and turns off the camera .	what does the man turn off ?	camera
5075	Another man appears swinging around a tennis racket .	who appears swinging around the tennis racket ?	man
5076	He bounces a tennis ball on the floor while the other man walks into frame .	what does he bounce on the floor ?	ball
5078	The man run back and fourth and hit the ball off the wall to each other .	who run back and fourth and hit the ball off the wall to each other ?	man
5078	The man run back and fourth and hit the ball off the wall to each other .	what did the man hit off the wall to each other ?	ball
5081	After the man finishes his stunts , he gets off the stilts and the judges write down the scores .	what does , he get off and the judges write down the scores ?	stilts
5083	The female drummers spinner their sticks while playing .	who spinner their sticks while playing ?	drummers
5084	The drummers hold up their sticks after completing the song .	who hold up their sticks after completing the song ?	drummers
5084	The drummers hold up their sticks after completing the song .	what do the drummers hold up after completing the song ?	sticks
5086	There are dogs sleeping in each cage .	what are there sleeping in each cage ?	dogs
5087	A man is shown on a field performing tricks with a dog and a bunch of frisbees .	who is shown on the field performing tricks with a dog and a bunch of frisbees ?	man
5088	The dog catches , flips , and chases the frisbees .	what catches , flips , and chases the frisbees ?	dog
5088	The dog catches , flips , and chases the frisbees .	what does the dog chase ?	frisbees
5089	There 's a little baby wearing a purple bib seated on a high chair holding and sucking on a Popsicle .	who does there 's wearing a purple bib seated on a high chair holding and sucking on a popsicle ?	baby
5089	There 's a little baby wearing a purple bib seated on a high chair holding and sucking on a Popsicle .	there 's a little baby wearing what seated on a high chair holding and sucking on a popsicle ?	bib
5089	There 's a little baby wearing a purple bib seated on a high chair holding and sucking on a Popsicle .	what is the color of the bib ?	purple
5090	The baby licks the Popsicle several times and then throws it down .	who licks the popsicle several times and then throws it down ?	baby
5091	woman wearing black clothes is playing squash in a small wooden room .	who is wearing black clothes is playing squash in a small wooden room ?	woman
5091	woman wearing black clothes is playing squash in a small wooden room .	woman wearing what is playing squash in a small wooden room ?	clothes
5091	woman wearing black clothes is playing squash in a small wooden room .	what is the color of the clothes ?	black
5091	woman wearing black clothes is playing squash in a small wooden room .	where is woman wearing black clothes is playing squash . ?	room
5097	A male athlete is standing outside on a field stretching preparing himself to run .	who is standing outside on the field stretching preparing himself to run ?	athlete
5098	After he is ready , the man takes off running and does several long jumps into the pit .	, who takes off running and does several long jumps into the pit ?	man
5099	As he ends his last jump , two people come to the pit and start to measure the distance .	how many people does as he end his last jump , come to the pit and start to measure the distance ?	two
5103	A camera pans all around a lake showing the trees and mountains as well as the canoe sitting in front of him .	what pans all around a lake showing the trees and mountains as well as the canoe sitting in front of him ?	camera
5103	A camera pans all around a lake showing the trees and mountains as well as the canoe sitting in front of him .	what does the camera pan all around a lake showing the trees and mountains as well as sitting in front of him ?	canoe
5104	Another boy is seen riding along the water in a canoe as well as several others paddling by .	who is seen riding along the water in a canoe as well as several others paddling by ?	boy
5104	Another boy is seen riding along the water in a canoe as well as several others paddling by .	where is another boy seen riding along the water as well as several others paddling by . ?	canoe
5106	There are many different tiles being shown and there is wooden floors being shown .	what are there being shown and there is wooden floors being shown ?	tiles
5106	There are many different tiles being shown and there is wooden floors being shown .	what are there many different tiles being shown and there is being shown ?	floors
5107	First the man removes the baseboard , then he gets a drill and puts screws in the floor .	who does first remove the baseboard , then he gets a drill and puts screws in the floor ?	man
5107	First the man removes the baseboard , then he gets a drill and puts screws in the floor .	what does first the man remove , then he gets a drill and puts screws in the floor ?	baseboard
5107	First the man removes the baseboard , then he gets a drill and puts screws in the floor .	what does first the man remove the baseboard , then he gets and puts screws in the floor ?	drill
5107	First the man removes the baseboard , then he gets a drill and puts screws in the floor .	who does first the man remove the baseboard , then he gets a drill and puts in the floor ?	screws
5107	First the man removes the baseboard , then he gets a drill and puts screws in the floor .	where does first the man remove the baseboard , then he gets a drill and puts screws . ?	floor
5110	Then he smears cement onto the floor and lies the tiles on top of it .	what does then he lie on top of it ?	tiles
5112	Then floor is now finished and he wipes the tiles off making them shiny .	what is then now finished and he wipes the tiles off making them shiny ?	floor
5112	Then floor is now finished and he wipes the tiles off making them shiny .	what is then floor now finished and he wipes off making them shiny ?	tiles
5113	A baby is standing on the carpet .	who is standing on the carpet ?	baby
5114	A person brushes the child 's teeth with a blue toothbrush .	who did the person brush teeth with a blue toothbrush ?	child
5114	A person brushes the child 's teeth with a blue toothbrush .	what is the color of the toothbrush ?	blue
5115	The child reaches for the camera .	who reaches for the camera ?	child
5116	We see a girl performing with batons .	who do we see performing with batons ?	girl
5117	The girl throws her leg in the air and spins .	who throws her leg in the air and spins ?	girl
5118	The girl does a cartwheel .	who does the cartwheel ?	girl
5118	The girl does a cartwheel .	what does the girl do ?	cartwheel
5119	The girl kneels down and picks up a baton .	who kneels down and picks up the baton ?	girl
5119	The girl kneels down and picks up a baton .	what does the girl pick up ?	baton
5120	The girls finishes and throws her arms in the air .	who finishes and throws her arms in the air ?	girls
5121	The girl walks over and hugs her dad .	who walks over and hugs her dad ?	girl
5121	The girl walks over and hugs her dad .	who does the girl hug ?	dad
5122	A man is watching a game eating an ice cream cone .	who is watching the game eating an ice cream cone ?	man
5124	A man is preparing to run and jump .	who is preparing to run and jump ?	man
5127	A girl is sitting down in a chair .	who is sitting down in the chair ?	girl
5127	A girl is sitting down in a chair .	where is the girl sitting down . ?	chair
5130	Two men are seen kneeling and sitting before a wall with one speaking to the camera and beginning to lay metal down on the side .	how many men are seen kneeling and sitting before the wall with one speaking to the camera and beginning to lay metal down on the side ?	two
5131	A woman bakes cookies on a silicone mat .	who bakes cookies on a silicone mat ?	woman
5132	The ingredients are prepared and cookies are cut .	what are prepared and cookies are cut ?	ingredients
5132	The ingredients are prepared and cookies are cut .	what are the ingredients prepared and are cut ?	cookies
5134	The scuba diver rides a horse and then looks at rays .	who rides the horse and then looks at rays ?	diver
5134	The scuba diver rides a horse and then looks at rays .	what does the scuba diver rid ?	horse
5135	A young child is seen running up and down a bricked area while standing in front of a hop scotch game drawn out .	who is seen running up and down the bricked area while standing in front of a hop scotch game drawn out ?	child
5136	The girl then hops along the chalk while looking at the camera and holding her hair out of her face .	who then hops along the chalk while looking at the camera and holding her hair out of her face ?	girl
5137	In the end she gives the person holding the camera a high give .	what does in the end she give the person holding ?	camera
5138	Various clips are shown of food close up as well as people speaking to the camera .	what are shown of food close up as well as people speaking to the camera ?	clips
5140	A white screen appears with a green logo and green and gray words appear and it says `` howdini get yourself a guru '' .	what appears with the green logo and green and gray words appear and it says `` howdini get yourself a guru '' ?	screen
5140	A white screen appears with a green logo and green and gray words appear and it says `` howdini get yourself a guru '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
5140	A white screen appears with a green logo and green and gray words appear and it says `` howdini get yourself a guru '' .	what is the color of the logo ?	green
5142	Several students individually approach the Grandmaster attempting to fight him and are pushed back quickly .	who individually approach the grandmaster attempting to fight him and are pushed back quickly ?	students
5142	Several students individually approach the Grandmaster attempting to fight him and are pushed back quickly .	who do several students individually approach attempting to fight him ?	grandmaster
5145	The lady leans forward and works out slowly on the machine .	who leans forward and works out slowly on the machine ?	lady
5146	The lady starts to row a little faster and the screen fades to black .	who starts to row the little faster and the screen fades to black ?	lady
5146	The lady starts to row a little faster and the screen fades to black .	what does the lady start and fades to black ?	screen
5146	The lady starts to row a little faster and the screen fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
5147	Two dancers are seen holding a pose in the middle of a large gymnasium and begin performing a routine using batons .	who are seen holding the pose in the middle of a large gymnasium and begin performing a routine using batons ?	dancers
5147	Two dancers are seen holding a pose in the middle of a large gymnasium and begin performing a routine using batons .	how many dancers are seen holding the pose in the middle of a large gymnasium and begin performing a routine using batons ?	two
5148	The girls continue dancing and spinning around with the sticks and end by holding a pose .	who continue dancing and spinning around with the sticks and end by holding a pose ?	girls
5149	We see BMX racers on the field and in various locations and riding their bikes .	who do we see on the field and in various locations and riding their bikes ?	racers
5149	We see BMX racers on the field and in various locations and riding their bikes .	what do we see bmx racers on the field and in various locations and riding ?	bicycles
5150	Two men fall off their bikes .	what do two men fall off ?	bicycles
5150	Two men fall off their bikes .	how many men fall off their bikes ?	two
5152	A man holds a surfboard and a man carries a bike up steps .	who holds the surfboard and a man carries a bike up steps ?	man
5154	A lady throws a hand sign to the camera .	who throws the hand sign to the camera ?	lady
5156	A man takes a photo and a man holds a New Zeland flag .	who takes the photo and a man holds a new zeland flag ?	man
5157	A man fall off his bike hard .	who fall off his bike hard ?	man
5158	The video fades to black .	what is the color of the video ?	black
5159	Various clips are shown of the inside and outside of an arena as well as the camera panning out from the ice and two people speaking to one another .	what are shown of the inside and outside of an arena as well as the camera panning out from the ice and two people speaking to one another ?	clips
5161	More clips are shown of people playing the game as well as team mates watching .	what are shown of people playing the game as well as team mates watching ?	clips
5162	A man in a white shirt bends over and picks up a large weight .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
5165	A man is then shown on the track sitting on the ground prepping his feet for his shoes as he wraps tape around his foot .	who is then shown on the track sitting on the ground prepping his feet for his shoes as he wraps tape around his foot ?	man
5166	Three men are now walking to a track where various people are running and taking turns doing hop , skip and jumps .	how many men are now walking to a track where various people are running and taking turns doing hop , skip and jumps ?	three
5167	A man briefly stops and talks to the camera while he appears a little out of breath .	who briefly stops and talks to the camera while he appears a little out of breath ?	man
5168	Another man is now kneeling and applying tape next to the sandy area of the jump while he talks .	who is now kneeling and applying tape next to the sandy area of the jump while he talks ?	man
5171	The white outro screen appears with their logo and the words saying to subscribe to their youtube channel .	what appears with their logo and the words saying to subscribe to their youtube channel ?	screen
5171	The white outro screen appears with their logo and the words saying to subscribe to their youtube channel .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
5172	Three boys play a game of croquet on a large green lawn with croquet mallets and croquet balls .	who play the game of croquet on a large green lawn with croquet mallets and croquet balls ?	boys
5172	Three boys play a game of croquet on a large green lawn with croquet mallets and croquet balls .	how many boys play the game of croquet on a large green lawn with croquet mallets and croquet balls ?	three
5172	Three boys play a game of croquet on a large green lawn with croquet mallets and croquet balls .	what is the color of the lawn ?	green
5173	The boy sit on a bench outside with a bag of croquet mallets and balls and talk to each other .	who sit on the bench outside with a bag of croquet mallets and balls and talk to each other ?	boy
5174	The boys then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools .	who then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools ?	boys
5175	The boys then start to play , talking to each other through it and end up chasing each other through the field and tackling each other on the ground .	who then start to play , talking to each other through it and end up chasing each other through the field and tackling each other on the ground ?	boys
5179	A man is sitting at a booth surrounded by pipes , talking and gesturing .	who is sitting at the booth surrounded by pipes , talking and gesturing ?	man
5180	The man holds up one end of the pipe .	who holds up one end of the pipe ?	man
5181	The man demonstrates how to smoke using the pipe , as he blows ringed smoke out of his mouth .	who demonstrates how to smoke using the pipe , as he blows ringed smoke out of his mouth ?	man
5189	Five people are jump roping on a blue mat .	how many people are jump roping on a blue mat ?	five
5189	Five people are jump roping on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
5192	We see a black opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
5192	We see a black opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
5193	A lady sits in a tattoo chair talking .	who sits in the tattoo chair talking ?	lady
5194	We see the camera operator .	what do we see ?	operator
5196	The other lady sits in the chair .	who sits in the chair ?	lady
5196	The other lady sits in the chair .	where does the other lady sit . ?	chair
5197	The second lady is being tattooed .	who is being tattooed ?	lady
5199	Two men push a small private helicopter out of its shed .	what do two men push out of its shed ?	helicopter
5199	Two men push a small private helicopter out of its shed .	how many men push the small private helicopter out of its shed ?	two
5202	They then scuba dive to the bottom and put on scuba gear to explore the ocean floor .	what did they then scuba to the bottom ?	dive
5205	More pictures are shown of the event as well as people speaking to one another .	what are shown of the event as well as people speaking to one another ?	pictures
5206	A tattoo artist is seen tattooing a girls foot and leads into a man speaking to the camera .	who is seen tattooing the girls foot and leads into a man speaking to the camera ?	artist
5207	The man continues speaking to the camera as well as pointing and looking away .	who continues speaking to the camera as well as pointing and looking away ?	man
5208	A young boy plays the violin .	who plays the violin ?	boy
5208	A young boy plays the violin .	what does the young boy play ?	violin
5211	The man applies a strip of wallpaper to a wall and smooths with his hand .	who applies the strip of wallpaper to a wall and smooths with his hand ?	man
5212	The man uses a rag and then a brush to smooth out thee wall paper to the wall surface .	who uses the rag and then a brush to smooth out thee wall paper to the wall surface ?	man
5213	The painter uses a spatula and blade to trim a straight line on the wallpapers edge along the ceiling .	who uses the spatula and blade to trim a straight line on the wallpapers edge along the ceiling ?	painter
5214	The man gets down from the ladder and unrolls the wallpaper to the floor .	who gets down from the ladder and unrolls the wallpaper to the floor ?	man
5215	The man continues to smooth out the lower section of the wallpaper with a brush down to the floorboard .	who continues to smooth out the lower section of the wallpaper with a brush down to the floorboard ?	man
5216	The man trims the lower edge of the wall paper with a blade against the floor board .	who trims the lower edge of the wall paper with a blade against the floor board ?	man
5217	The man trims the corner of the wall paper from the ceiling down the the floor .	who trims the corner of the wall paper from the ceiling down the the floor ?	man
5218	Two children are seen sitting in a tub rubbing their faces and another person 's hands interacting .	who are seen sitting in the tub rubbing their faces and another person 's hands interacting ?	children
5218	Two children are seen sitting in a tub rubbing their faces and another person 's hands interacting .	how many children are seen sitting in the tub rubbing their faces and another person 's hands interacting ?	two
5219	The boy continues to rub water all over his face as well as play with toys and smile at the cameraman .	who continues to rub water all over his face as well as play with toys and smile at the cameraman ?	boy
5220	A man walks up to a lane in a bowling alley .	who walks up to the lane in a bowling alley ?	man
5221	He throws the ball and watches it glide down the lane multiple times .	what does he throw ?	ball
5223	little girl is in stage in a competition and do a jump into a parallel to do gymnastics and somersaults .	who is in stage in a competition and do a jump into a parallel to do gymnastics and somersaults ?	girl
5225	A woman is knitting in bed .	who is knitting in bed ?	woman
5225	A woman is knitting in bed .	where is the woman knitting . ?	bed
5226	The woman puts her arms down to catch the yarn .	who puts her arms down to catch the yarn ?	woman
5227	The woman shows what she was making .	who shows what she was making ?	woman
5229	A man holds a ball near his neck and spins around .	who holds the ball near his neck and spins around ?	man
5231	A woman opens a white closet door .	who opens the white closet door ?	woman
5231	A woman opens a white closet door .	what does the woman open ?	door
5231	A woman opens a white closet door .	what is the color of the door ?	white
5235	A young blonde lady is talking to the camera inside her room .	who is talking to the camera inside her room ?	lady
5238	A man is indoors , wearing boxing gloves .	who is indoors , wearing boxing gloves ?	man
5243	A boat sails empty in the river .	what empty in the river ?	sails
5244	After , men water ski jumping and turning around .	what do after , men water jumping and turning around ?	ski
5247	They then put soap into their hands , scrub for a bit , and then run their hands under the water .	what did they then put into their hands , scrub for a bit , ?	soap
5251	A female with a long blonde pony tale begins running across a large green field throwing a ball .	what is the color of the field ?	green
5254	A black screen appears with white Asian lettering in the middle , then a website that say 's `` www lee35 come cn '' .	what appears with white asian lettering in the middle , then a website that say 's `` www lee35 come cn '' ?	screen
5254	A black screen appears with white Asian lettering in the middle , then a website that say 's `` www lee35 come cn '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
5254	A black screen appears with white Asian lettering in the middle , then a website that say 's `` www lee35 come cn '' .	what is the color of the lettering ?	white
5257	An older Chinese man speaks to the camera .	who speaks to the camera ?	man
5259	At one point , the camera focuses back to his face for a moment .	what does at one point , focus back to his face for a moment ?	camera
5261	The camera follows several people on a walkway from a first person perspective .	what follows several people on a walkway from a first person perspective ?	camera
5262	The camera shows sliding down a snowy slope from a first person perspective alongside others .	what shows sliding down the snowy slope from a first person perspective alongside others ?	camera
5263	The camera shows sliding down a snowy slope from a first person perspective looking backwards .	what shows sliding down the snowy slope from a first person perspective looking backwards ?	camera
5264	The camera shows another slide down the slope from a first person perspective alongside others .	what shows another slide down the slope from a first person perspective alongside others ?	camera
5264	The camera shows another slide down the slope from a first person perspective alongside others .	what does the camera show down the slope from a first person perspective alongside others ?	slide
5265	The camera watches as multiple other people slide down the slope .	what watches as multiple other people slide down the slope ?	camera
5266	The camera catches another slide down the slope from a first person perspective while spinning .	what catches another slide down the slope from a first person perspective while spinning ?	camera
5266	The camera catches another slide down the slope from a first person perspective while spinning .	what does the camera catch down the slope from a first person perspective while spinning ?	slide
5267	The camera catches more slides down the slope from a first person perspective while looking left and right .	what more slides down the slope from a first person perspective while looking left and right ?	catches
5273	A woman speaks to the camera while holding a card .	who speaks to the camera while holding a card ?	woman
5276	An orange walled room is empty except for two black dumbbells lying horizontal on the floor .	what is empty except for two black dumbbells lying horizontal on the floor ?	room
5276	An orange walled room is empty except for two black dumbbells lying horizontal on the floor .	what is the color of the room ?	orange
5276	An orange walled room is empty except for two black dumbbells lying horizontal on the floor .	what is the color of the dumbbells ?	black
5278	The girl points to the curler in her bang and holds up a cell phone to throw light onto her face which she brings closer to the camera .	who points to the curler in her bang and holds up a cell phone to throw light onto her face which she brings closer to the camera ?	girl
5278	The girl points to the curler in her bang and holds up a cell phone to throw light onto her face which she brings closer to the camera .	what does the girl hold up ?	phone
5279	A bunch of men are inside a green colored gym .	what is the color of the gym ?	green
5280	They are lobbing a tennis ball back and forth .	what are they lobbing back and forth ?	ball
5282	A man is sitting on a roof .	who is sitting on the roof ?	man
5284	A man walks up a ladder onto the roof .	who walks up the ladder onto the roof ?	man
5284	A man walks up a ladder onto the roof .	what does the man walk up onto the roof ?	ladder
5285	A boy is seen kneeling down before a wall and begins using a tool on the carpet .	who is seen kneeling down before the wall and begins using a tool on the carpet ?	boy
5286	The man rubs his hand along the carpet and continues cutting .	who rubs his hand along the carpet and continues cutting ?	man
5287	The man continues to cut along the rug while rubbing his hand across .	who continues to cut along the rug while rubbing his hand across ?	man
5288	A young blonde boy is standing at a kitchen sink with a handheld sprayer in his hand and he 's spraying all the dishes .	who is standing at the kitchen sink with a handheld sprayer in his hand and he 's spraying all the dishes ?	boy
5288	A young blonde boy is standing at a kitchen sink with a handheld sprayer in his hand and he 's spraying all the dishes .	what is the young blonde boy standing at a kitchen sink with a handheld sprayer in his hand and he 's spraying ?	dishes
5289	The boy then puts the sprayer in a green pot on the counter and begins spraying the water in there .	who then puts the sprayer in a green pot on the counter and begins spraying the water in there ?	boy
5289	The boy then puts the sprayer in a green pot on the counter and begins spraying the water in there .	who does the boy then put in a green pot on the counter ?	sprayer
5289	The boy then puts the sprayer in a green pot on the counter and begins spraying the water in there .	what is the color of the pot ?	green
5290	We see cheerleaders standing on the stage .	who do we see standing on the stage ?	cheerleaders
5291	The cheerleaders perform a routine .	who perform the routine ?	cheerleaders
5292	Four girls are lifted and they hold one girl in between them laying down .	who are lifted and they hold one girl in between them laying down ?	girls
5292	Four girls are lifted and they hold one girl in between them laying down .	who are four girls lifted and they hold in between them laying down ?	girl
5292	Four girls are lifted and they hold one girl in between them laying down .	how many girls are lifted ?	four
5292	Four girls are lifted and they hold one girl in between them laying down .	how many girl do they hold in between them laying down ?	one
5293	Ladies hold ladies who hold and shake their pom poms .	who do ladies hold ?	ladies
5294	Four ladies are lifted and hold two other ladies then a seventh lady .	who are lifted and hold two other ladies then a seventh lady ?	ladies
5294	Four ladies are lifted and hold two other ladies then a seventh lady .	who are four ladies lifted and hold then a seventh lady ?	ladies
5294	Four ladies are lifted and hold two other ladies then a seventh lady .	who are four ladies lifted and hold two other ladies then ?	lady
5294	Four ladies are lifted and hold two other ladies then a seventh lady .	how many ladies are lifted and hold two other ladies then a seventh lady ?	four
5300	The camera captures the person driving the boat as well as following the wake boarder close behind the boat .	what captures the person driving the boat as well as following the wake boarder close behind the boat ?	camera
5301	In the end three boys are riding the boat and driving along .	who are in the end riding the boat and driving along ?	boys
5301	In the end three boys are riding the boat and driving along .	what are in the end three boys riding and driving along ?	boat
5301	In the end three boys are riding the boat and driving along .	how many boys are in the end riding the boat and driving along ?	three
5302	A man stops his bike on the sidewalk .	who stops his bike on the sidewalk ?	man
5302	A man stops his bike on the sidewalk .	what does the man stop on the sidewalk ?	bicycle
5305	Men swing around with a hammer throw ball before releasing it .	what do men swing around with a hammer throw before releasing it ?	ball
5306	A man does pull ups on a bar .	who does pull ups on a bar ?	man
5307	A man lifts a large weight on his shoulders and also shoulder presses it above his head .	who lifts the large weight on his shoulders and also shoulder presses it above his head ?	man
5308	Two men run track together .	what do two men run together ?	track
5308	Two men run track together .	how many men run track together ?	two
5312	The mascot runs and catches a ball in the field .	who runs and catches the ball in the field ?	mascot
5313	The mascot high fives a line of people and chest bumps the last man knocking him over .	who high fives the line of people and chest bumps the last man knocking him over ?	mascot
5317	Then a man wearing black clothes serves a tennis ball that is returned , and he sends it back .	who are then wearing black clothes serves a tennis ball that is returned , and he sends it back ?	man
5317	Then a man wearing black clothes serves a tennis ball that is returned , and he sends it back .	then the man wearing what serves a tennis ball that is returned , and he sends it back ?	clothes
5317	Then a man wearing black clothes serves a tennis ball that is returned , and he sends it back .	what is then the man wearing black clothes serves , and he sends it back ?	ball
5317	Then a man wearing black clothes serves a tennis ball that is returned , and he sends it back .	what is the color of the clothes ?	black
5318	Then , the person talks holding two ball , after the man serves again and the person talks .	how many ball does the person talk holding , after the man serves again ?	two
5319	After , the man continues talking .	who does after , continue talking ?	man
5320	A goalie is seen in several clips running back and fourth and blocking balls from getting by .	who is seen in several clips running back and fourth and blocking balls from getting by ?	goalie
5322	A baby eats bread in a high chair .	who eats bread in a high chair ?	baby
5322	A baby eats bread in a high chair .	where does the baby eat bread . ?	chair
5327	Another Navy soldier is shown taking pictures of the game .	who is shown taking pictures of the game ?	soldier
5329	One team is pulled over a red line on the ground , ending the game .	how many team is pulled over the red line on the ground , ending the game ?	one
5329	One team is pulled over a red line on the ground , ending the game .	what is the color of the line ?	red
5334	A man in polo shirt stands with a bike on a rack and demonstrates it 's different features in a bike shop .	where does the man in polo shirt demonstrate it 's different features . ?	shop
5335	The man takes out a tool and makes an adjustment to the wheel sprocket then turns the wheel before adjusting more .	who takes out the tool and makes an adjustment to the wheel sprocket then turns the wheel before adjusting more ?	man
5335	The man takes out a tool and makes an adjustment to the wheel sprocket then turns the wheel before adjusting more .	what does the man turn before adjusting more ?	wheel
5336	The man adjusts a shifter on the handlebars .	who adjusts the shifter on the handlebars ?	man
5337	A man is ironing a shirt on an ironing board .	who is ironing the shirt on an ironing board ?	man
5338	Bags are shown sitting on the bed .	what are shown sitting on the bed ?	bags
5340	The kids continue to move around the water as adults walk by as well .	who continue to move around the water as adults walk by as well ?	kids
5344	One surfer on an orange surf comes at top speed and loses control and falls into the water .	how many surfer on an orange surf comes at top speed and loses control and falls into the water ?	one
5344	One surfer on an orange surf comes at top speed and loses control and falls into the water .	what is the color of the surf ?	orange
5345	The surfer with blue sails manages to stay on board as he surfs in the ocean .	what is the color of the sails ?	blue
5346	An older woman is seen sitting before a drum set playing a set of drums .	who is seen sitting before the drum set playing a set of drums ?	woman
5347	She spins the drums around through her finger tips and continues playing the instrument while the camera captures her .	what does she spin around through her finger tips ?	drums
5348	A man performs high jump with a pole , he jumps over three horizontal lines that touches two of them .	who performs high jump with a pole , he jumps over three horizontal lines that touches two of them ?	man
5349	The man attempts to jumps higher than while jumping with the pole .	who attempts to jumps higher than while jumping with the pole ?	man
5350	Again , the man attempt to jump higher but he makes fall the horizontal line .	who do again , attempt to jump higher but he makes fall the horizontal line ?	man
5351	We see a man sitting on a couch .	who do we see sitting on a couch ?	man
5352	The man is playing the bagpipe .	who is playing the bagpipe ?	man
5352	The man is playing the bagpipe .	what is the man playing ?	bagpipe
5353	The man laughs and stops playing .	who laughs and stops playing ?	man
5354	The man starts playing the bagpipe again .	who starts playing the bagpipe again ?	man
5355	The man laughs hard again .	who laughs hard again ?	man
5356	The man stops playing the bagpipe .	who stops playing the bagpipe ?	man
5357	The man waves his hand in front of the camera .	who waves his hand in front of the camera ?	man
5358	A woman is outside shoveling with a robohandle .	who is outside shoveling with the robohandle ?	woman
5361	The handle honestly just looks like two large shovels though .	what honestly just looks like two large shovels though ?	handle
5363	An elephant rides past a cow .	what rides past the cow ?	elephant
5367	A man in a purple shirt is dancing with a woman .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
5370	A girl in a yellow shirt is brushing her teeth in a bathroom .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
5370	A girl in a yellow shirt is brushing her teeth in a bathroom .	where is the girl in a yellow shirt brushing her teeth . ?	bathroom
5371	A girl next to her in a blue shirt is also brushing her teeth .	who next to her in a blue shirt is also brushing her teeth ?	girl
5371	A girl next to her in a blue shirt is also brushing her teeth .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
5372	They are both looking in the mirror .	where are they both looking . ?	mirror
5373	A woman is speedily riding a recumbent bike in the kitchen .	who is speedily riding the recumbent bike in the kitchen ?	woman
5373	A woman is speedily riding a recumbent bike in the kitchen .	where is the woman speedily riding a recumbent bike . ?	kitchen
5375	She stirs the egg , then plates it while still riding .	what does she stir , then plates it while still riding ?	egg
5377	A woman is seen kneeling on a mat in a back yard and leads into her bending backwards using her hands .	who is seen kneeling on the mat in a back yard and leads into her bending backwards using her hands ?	woman
5379	We see a white opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
5379	We see a white opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
5381	The lady irons a sleeve .	who irons the sleeve ?	lady
5381	The lady irons a sleeve .	what does the lady iron ?	sleeve
5382	The lady irons the back of the shirt .	who irons the back of the shirt ?	lady
5383	The lady finishes and holds the shirt up .	who finishes and holds the shirt up ?	lady
5383	The lady finishes and holds the shirt up .	what does the lady hold up ?	shirt
5384	We see a bright title closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
5386	A lady is standing in a white room talking to the camera .	who is standing in the white room talking to the camera ?	lady
5386	A lady is standing in a white room talking to the camera .	what is the color of the room ?	white
5387	The lady shows us how to belly dance by dancing .	who shows us how to belly dance by dancing ?	lady
5389	The lady shows how to lift your hips one at a time .	who shows how to lift your hips one at a time ?	lady
5391	The lady shakes her hips faster and waves her arms over her head .	who shakes her hips faster and waves her arms over her head ?	lady
5394	A gymnast performs on the uneven bars while spectators watch the performance .	who performs on the uneven bars while spectators watch the performance ?	gymnast
5395	The gymnast end the performance and great the audience , and then she join her friends to wait for the score .	who end the performance and great the audience , and then she join her friends to wait for the score ?	gymnast
5395	The gymnast end the performance and great the audience , and then she join her friends to wait for the score .	who do the gymnast end the performance and great the audience , and then she join ?	friends
5396	A woman watch the gymnast and applaud .	who watch the gymnast and applaud ?	woman
5396	A woman watch the gymnast and applaud .	who do the woman watch ?	gymnast
5397	A weight lifter is in a gym , and he lifts a barbell .	who is in the gym , and he lifts a barbell ?	lifter
5397	A weight lifter is in a gym , and he lifts a barbell .	what is the weight lifter in a gym , and he lifts ?	barbell
5397	A weight lifter is in a gym , and he lifts a barbell .	where is the weight lifter , and he lifts a barbell . ?	gym
5401	The cars are shown lined up afterwards and shown all cleaned off .	what are shown lined up afterwards and shown all cleaned off ?	cars
5405	She then takes them out of the oven and puts the cookies onto a plate .	what does she then put onto a plate ?	cookies
5406	A young child is seen ironing a shirt on a table and looking into the camera .	who is seen ironing the shirt on a table and looking into the camera ?	child
5407	The boy continues pretending to iron the shirt and eventually puts a dress on the table to iron .	who continues pretending to iron the shirt and eventually puts a dress on the table to iron ?	boy
5407	The boy continues pretending to iron the shirt and eventually puts a dress on the table to iron .	the boy eventually puts what on the table ?	dress
5408	He irons the dress and swings it around .	what does he iron ?	dress
5409	A man walks with a leaf blower .	who walks with the leaf blower ?	man
5411	The leaves move against the asphalt .	what move against the asphalt ?	leaves
5412	The man blows another man with the blower .	who blows another man with the blower ?	man
5412	The man blows another man with the blower .	who did the man blow with the blower ?	man
5413	A man is seen standing behind a counter speaking to the camera and holding up cleaning products .	who is seen standing behind the counter speaking to the camera and holding up cleaning products ?	man
5414	He puts the products into a sink and begins scrubbing around the sides .	what does he put into a sink ?	products
5415	He wipes down the counter and shows off the finished sink .	what does he show off ?	sink
5416	A man throwing the frisbee to his dog and the dog catches .	who is throwing the frisbee to his dog and the dog catches ?	man
5416	A man throwing the frisbee to his dog and the dog catches .	the man throwing what to his dog and the dog catches ?	frisbee
5417	One owner does a hand stand a throws the frisbee to his dog , who is able to catch .	who does the hand stand a throws the frisbee to his dog , who is able to catch ?	owner
5417	One owner does a hand stand a throws the frisbee to his dog , who is able to catch .	how many owner does the hand stand a throws the frisbee to his dog , who is able to catch ?	one
5418	Many owners and dogs throwing and catching frisbees and doing tricks while doing so .	what are many owners and dogs throwing and catching ?	frisbees
5421	A guy holds a lacrosse stick and instructs .	who holds the lacrosse stick and instructs ?	guy
5421	A guy holds a lacrosse stick and instructs .	what does the guy hold ?	stick
5422	A guy moves a ball with the lacrosse stick .	who moves the ball with the lacrosse stick ?	guy
5423	A guy tosses a ball into a goal .	who tosses the ball into a goal ?	guy
5423	A guy tosses a ball into a goal .	what does the guy toss into a goal ?	ball
5425	A woman in a white shirt walks past them .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
5426	The woman wins and walks away .	who wins and walks away ?	woman
5427	There are two teams represented by the color green and color white playing lacrosse against each other in an outdoor field .	how many teams are there represented by the color green and color white playing lacrosse against each other in an outdoor field ?	two
5427	There are two teams represented by the color green and color white playing lacrosse against each other in an outdoor field .	what is the color of the lacrosse ?	white
5428	The player from the green team begins running with his stick alongside his opponent to go towards the ball .	what is the color of the team ?	green
5429	The two team come head to head as they scramble to hit the ball in the goal .	how many team come head to head as they scramble to hit the ball in the goal ?	two
5430	The green team players run fast to prevent the white team from getting the ball .	what is the color of the players ?	green
5430	The green team players run fast to prevent the white team from getting the ball .	what is the color of the team ?	white
5431	The white team players try to keep up with their opponents and focus on hitting the ball in the goal .	what is the color of the players ?	white
5432	Two players from both team come running towards each other and fight for the ball , causing one of the green team players to fall down .	how many players from both team come running towards each other and fight for the ball , causing one of the green team players to fall down ?	two
5432	Two players from both team come running towards each other and fight for the ball , causing one of the green team players to fall down .	what is the color of the players ?	green
5437	The dealer deals more cards .	who deals more cards ?	dealer
5438	The dealer points at two cards .	who points at two cards ?	dealer
5439	The dealer turns a card over and takes the man 's chips .	who turns the card over and takes the man 's chips ?	dealer
5439	The dealer turns a card over and takes the man 's chips .	what does the dealer turn over ?	card
5442	The woman turns around holding the hand of the man .	who turns around holding the hand of the man ?	woman
5443	women are walking on a lakeside and are putting their shoes and harness .	who are walking on the lakeside and are putting their shoes and harness ?	women
5444	women are climbing a rock wall attached to an harness .	who are climbing the rock wall attached to an harness ?	women
5444	women are climbing a rock wall attached to an harness .	what are women climbing attached to an harness ?	wall
5445	woman is going down and when is in the floor shake hands with he other woman .	who is going down and when is in the floor shake hands with he other woman ?	woman
5445	woman is going down and when is in the floor shake hands with he other woman .	who is woman going down and shake hands with he ?	woman
5445	woman is going down and when is in the floor shake hands with he other woman .	where is woman going down and when is shake hands with he other woman . ?	floor
5446	A woman is standing behind a counter holding a martini glass .	who is standing behind the counter holding a martini glass ?	woman
5449	She shakes the drink in a black shaker .	what is the color of the shaker ?	black
5451	She pours the drink into the martini glass .	what does she pour into the martini glass ?	drink
5453	Two sumo wrestlers are seen fighting that leads into people walking in and others dancing together .	who are seen fighting that leads into people walking in and others dancing together ?	wrestlers
5453	Two sumo wrestlers are seen fighting that leads into people walking in and others dancing together .	how many sumo wrestlers are seen fighting that leads into people walking in and others dancing together ?	two
5454	More wrestlers bend down towards one another and begin wrestling while people drum on the side .	who bend down towards one another and begin wrestling while people drum on the side ?	wrestlers
5456	A man is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment moving back and fourth .	who is seen sitting on the piece of exercise equipment moving back and fourth ?	man
5457	The man continues moving at different speeds and moving back .	who continues moving at different speeds and moving back ?	man
5460	More large waves begin to surface and a man begins surfing the waves .	who do more large waves begin and begins surfing the waves ?	man
5461	The forest is then shown and surf boards appear that are washed up against the banks of the water .	what is the forest then shown and appear that are washed up against the banks of the water ?	boards
5462	A car is driving down the highway at a fast speed , he takes an exit to park .	what is driving down the highway at a fast speed , he takes an exit to park ?	car
5466	A man drives a lawn mower over a lawn .	who drives the lawn mower over a lawn ?	man
5467	The man turns to his left .	who turns to his left ?	man
5469	The man then circles the lawn .	who then circles the lawn ?	man
5471	They approach another woman sitting in a chair .	who do they approach sitting in a chair ?	woman
5473	Another woman is sitting behind the woman that pets the dog .	who is sitting behind the woman that pets the dog ?	woman
5474	A man is standing off to the side watching .	who is standing off to the side watching ?	man
5476	We see a dark title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
5478	We see two men fighting MMA in a ring .	how many men do we see fighting mma in a ring ?	two
5479	The large man is losing his grip on the smaller man .	who is losing his grip on the smaller man ?	man
5480	The referee comes to the men and waves his arms .	who comes to the men and waves his arms ?	referee
5482	The smaller fighter hugs another man .	who hugs another man ?	fighter
5482	The smaller fighter hugs another man .	who does the smaller fighter hug ?	man
5488	Another side shot is shown and a cop car and several escort vehicles come into view as the video fades to black .	what is the color of the video ?	black
5489	A person is video taping a bull fighting event from his television set .	the person is video taping what ?	bull
5490	The bull fighting scene is in a large open arena which is filled with thousands of spectators who are cheering .	what is in the large open arena which is filled with thousands of spectators who are cheering ?	scene
5491	The two raging bulls are butting heads constantly while the matadors are trying to contain the bulls within a specified zone .	what are butting heads constantly while the matadors are trying to contain the bulls within a specified zone ?	bulls
5491	The two raging bulls are butting heads constantly while the matadors are trying to contain the bulls within a specified zone .	how many raging bulls are butting heads constantly while the matadors are trying to contain the bulls within a specified zone ?	two
5494	The woman then begins to play the instrument while others stand around her and watch and others play along .	who then begins to play the instrument while others stand around her and watch and others play along ?	woman
5495	A woman is smearing a white cream onto her forehead and cheeks .	who is smearing the white cream onto her forehead and cheeks ?	woman
5495	A woman is smearing a white cream onto her forehead and cheeks .	what is the color of the cream ?	white
5497	A man pierces a woman 's cheek .	who pierces the woman 's cheek ?	man
5497	A man pierces a woman 's cheek .	who does the man pierce cheek ?	woman
5499	A man is seen hosting a news segment that leads into him speaking with two other people .	who is seen hosting the news segment that leads into him speaking with two other people ?	man
5501	The man continues to play while his father watches and speaks to the news host .	who continues to play while his father watches and speaks to the news host ?	man
5502	A woman is seen walking to a swingset with a small boy and putting him on the swing .	who is seen walking to the swingset with a small boy and putting him on the swing ?	woman
5504	A woman chef demonstrates , in a kitchen , in front of a kitchen counter top and ingredients , how to prepare a salad .	who demonstrates , in the kitchen , in front of a kitchen counter top and ingredients , how to prepare a salad ?	chef
5504	A woman chef demonstrates , in a kitchen , in front of a kitchen counter top and ingredients , how to prepare a salad .	where does the woman chef demonstrate , , , how to prepare a salad . ?	kitchen
5505	A woman stands in front of a kitchen counter top with greens , cheese , vegetables and oils and talks to the camera .	who stands in front of a kitchen counter top with greens , cheese , vegetables and oils and talks to the camera ?	woman
5506	The woman begins to cut the greens and put them in a white bowl before turning to pull oven roasted brussel sprouts out of the oven .	who begins to cut the greens and put them in a white bowl before turning to pull oven roasted brussel sprouts out of the oven ?	woman
5506	The woman begins to cut the greens and put them in a white bowl before turning to pull oven roasted brussel sprouts out of the oven .	what is the color of the bowl ?	white
5506	The woman begins to cut the greens and put them in a white bowl before turning to pull oven roasted brussel sprouts out of the oven .	where does the woman begin to cut the greens and put them . ?	bowl
5507	The woman then squeezes and orange and pours the orange juice on the salad with the brussell sprouts and oil before the scene fades out .	who then squeezes and orange and pours the orange juice on the salad with the brussell sprouts and oil before the scene fades out ?	woman
5507	The woman then squeezes and orange and pours the orange juice on the salad with the brussell sprouts and oil before the scene fades out .	what does the woman then squeeze and orange and pours ?	orange
5508	A man is seen dancing in a club and grabs onto a woman .	who is seen dancing in the club and grabs onto a woman ?	man
5512	She throws the dart onto the board which is show up close .	what does she throw onto the board which is show up close ?	dart
5513	The woman then clenches her fists and her throw is shown again .	who then clenches her fists and her throw is shown again ?	woman
5514	Two teams play hurling in a stadium full of people .	how many teams play hurling in the stadium full of people ?	two
5516	Two players dispute the ball in the air , then they continue playing .	how many players dispute the ball in the air ?	two
5520	man is unning wearing stilts in a skaet park .	who is unning wearing stilts in a skaet park ?	man
5521	another man is jumping along with the first man in the skate park .	who is jumping along with the first man in the skate park ?	man
5522	man in skate park is running while a car is passing in the street .	where is man in skate park running while a car is passing . ?	street
5523	A woman 's hands are shown wrapping something .	who hands are shown wrapping something ?	woman
5524	The woman talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	woman
5526	The woman wraps a book with tissue paper and tape .	who wraps the book with tissue paper and tape ?	woman
5527	The woman cuts paper to shape for the book .	who cuts paper to shape for the book ?	woman
5528	The woman wraps the book with the paper and tape .	who wraps the book with the paper and tape ?	woman
5529	The woman talks to the camera whole holding the wrapped and ribboned book .	who talks to the camera whole holding the wrapped and ribboned book ?	woman
5532	Many people watch on the sides while the dealer deals out cards and the people place their chips in the middle .	what do many people watch on the sides and the people place in the middle ?	chips
5534	A lady is talking in an office and holding a pink item .	who is talking in an office and holding a pink item ?	lady
5534	A lady is talking in an office and holding a pink item .	where is the lady talking and holding a pink item . ?	office
5535	the lady throws the pink item on a game board on the floor .	who throws the pink item on a game board on the floor ?	lady
5539	The camera zooms in to the feet .	what zooms in to the feet ?	camera
5540	The camera pans to the right slowly .	what pans to the right slowly ?	camera
5541	A man puts a chef hat on a girl while a chef teachers her how to cook .	who puts the chef hat on a girl while a chef teachers her how to cook ?	man
5541	A man puts a chef hat on a girl while a chef teachers her how to cook .	what does the man put on a girl ?	hat
5542	She mixes various ingredients together following the chef 's orders and paying close attention to his instructions .	what does she mix ?	ingredients
5543	The girl makes a lovely batch of cookies and finds herself enjoying them in the end , as well as the company of others .	who makes the lovely batch of cookies and finds herself enjoying them in the end , as well as the company of others ?	girl
5546	An older man is shown chopping at a downed tree with an axe .	who is shown chopping at the downed tree with an axe ?	man
5551	A closeup is shown of him trying again and again before zooming out .	what is shown of him trying again and again before zooming out ?	closeup
5552	The camera then zooms back in to his face as he continues on .	what then zooms back in to his face as he continues on ?	camera
5553	Three women show up on the screen doing a tribal dance in a workout studio .	who show up on the screen doing a tribal dance in a workout studio ?	women
5553	Three women show up on the screen doing a tribal dance in a workout studio .	how many women show up on the screen doing a tribal dance in a workout studio ?	three
5555	The three women are shown again doing the dance on the stage while other people do the same dance in front of the stage .	who are shown again doing the dance on the stage while other people do the same dance in front of the stage ?	women
5555	The three women are shown again doing the dance on the stage while other people do the same dance in front of the stage .	how many women are shown again doing the dance on the stage while other people do the same dance in front of the stage ?	three
5556	The trio of women come back onto the screen and continue the dance in the studio .	where do the trio of women continue the dance . ?	studio
5558	The camera goes back and forth between them doing the dance on the stage and off the stage showing different angles .	what goes back and forth between them doing the dance on the stage and off the stage showing different angles ?	camera
5559	Two men are inside an indoor gym .	how many men are inside an indoor gym ?	two
5562	Two dudes are talking silly into the camera with things wrapped around their heads .	who are talking silly into the camera with things wrapped around their heads ?	dudes
5562	Two dudes are talking silly into the camera with things wrapped around their heads .	how many dudes are talking silly into the camera with things wrapped around their heads ?	two
5563	Then you see everyone playing beer pong having a great time outside joking and dancing .	what do then you see pong having a great time outside joking and dancing ?	beer
5569	A woman is standing behind an array of confections in a kitchen .	who is standing behind an array of confections in a kitchen ?	woman
5570	Several different cake pops are being shown .	who are being shown ?	pops
5571	Ingredients are displayed next to actions mixing ingredients .	what are displayed next to actions mixing ingredients ?	ingredients
5572	The woman crumbles the cake into a bowl , then adds frosting while she talks .	who crumbles the cake into a bowl , then adds frosting while she talks ?	woman
5572	The woman crumbles the cake into a bowl , then adds frosting while she talks .	what does the woman crumble into a bowl , then adds frosting while she talks ?	cake
5576	A woman is lifting and squatting inside a gym with a barbell on her shoulders .	who is lifting and squatting inside the gym with a barbell on her shoulders ?	woman
5578	News hosts present a story seated at a desk in a news room .	who present the story seated at a desk in a news room ?	hosts
5579	A news reporter interviews a man on an ice skating rink .	who interviews the man on an ice skating rink ?	reporter
5580	An athlete glides a stone across the ice .	who glides the stone across the ice ?	athlete
5582	A woman sits in a salon and has her hair curled .	who sits in the salon and has her hair curled ?	woman
5582	A woman sits in a salon and has her hair curled .	where does the woman sit . ?	salon
5583	The curls are taken out of the woman 's hair after the makeover .	what are taken out of the woman 's hair after the makeover ?	curls
5584	The news anchors close out the story .	what close out the story ?	anchors
5585	A man in a black shirt is holding a saxophone .	what is the man in a black shirt holding ?	saxophone
5585	A man in a black shirt is holding a saxophone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
5590	She lays in a stylist chair , showing how the style was done .	where does she lay , showing how the style was done . ?	chair
5593	Three men pass by in the mirror .	how many men pass by in the mirror ?	three
5594	The camera zooms in on the main subject .	what zooms in on the main subject ?	camera
5595	A man in gray walks past in the mirror .	where does the man in gray walk past . ?	mirror
5596	The screen goes black and we see the end credits .	what goes black and we see the end credits ?	screen
5600	We see a blue title screen with white letters .	what do we see with white letters ?	screen
5600	We see a blue title screen with white letters .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
5600	We see a blue title screen with white letters .	what is the color of the letters ?	white
5601	We see two girls standing in a room , then perform a flip .	who do we see standing in a room , ?	girls
5601	We see two girls standing in a room , then perform a flip .	how many girls do we see standing in a room , then perform a flip ?	two
5602	We see 2 different girls do different flips .	how many different girls do we see do different flips ?	two
5603	One girl does a back flip .	who does the back flip ?	girl
5603	One girl does a back flip .	how many girl does the back flip ?	one
5604	We then see four girls do a back flip together .	how many girls do we then see do a back flip together ?	four
5605	We see a black title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
5605	We see a black title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
5607	We see a man being shaved with a straight razor .	who do we see being shaved with a straight razor ?	man
5608	We then see the closing screen .	what do we then see closing ?	screen
5609	A man walks up to a barbell and bends over , lifting at the knees .	who walks up to the barbell and bends over , lifting at the knees ?	man
5610	He lifts the barbell up to his chest , rests for a moment , then lifts it over his head .	what does he lift up to his chest ?	barbell
5612	A shadow is seen in the smoky room .	where is the shadow seen . ?	room
5613	A woman is taking a shower and washing her hair .	who is taking the shower and washing her hair ?	woman
5613	A woman is taking a shower and washing her hair .	what is the woman taking and washing her hair ?	shower
5615	A man dressed in all white is shown fighting different men outdoors and hitting them very hard .	who dressed in all white is shown fighting different men outdoors and hitting them very hard ?	man
5615	A man dressed in all white is shown fighting different men outdoors and hitting them very hard .	what is the color of the man ?	white
5617	The man is then standing alone outdoors where he 's still wearing the same white outfit and is talking very passionately using hand motions and lots of facial expressions .	who is then standing alone outdoors where he 's still wearing the same white outfit and is talking very passionately using hand motions and lots of facial expressions ?	man
5617	The man is then standing alone outdoors where he 's still wearing the same white outfit and is talking very passionately using hand motions and lots of facial expressions .	what is the color of the outfit ?	white
5618	The man is once again shown to be fighting different men outdoors and he seems to be winning each fight .	who is once again shown to be fighting different men outdoors and he seems to be winning each fight ?	man
5619	After this round of fights , the man is once again talking very passionately with a lot of hand movements and facial expressions .	who is after this round of fights , once again talking very passionately with a lot of hand movements and facial expressions ?	man
5620	The man then goes back to more fighting with different men somewhere outdoors where he continues to win the fights by hitting and occasionally kicking .	who then goes back to more fighting with different men somewhere outdoors where he continues to win the fights by hitting and occasionally kicking ?	man
5621	A woman is seen wearing a funny hat while speaking to the camera and sitting in a chair .	who is seen wearing the funny hat while speaking to the camera and sitting in a chair ?	woman
5621	A woman is seen wearing a funny hat while speaking to the camera and sitting in a chair .	where is the woman seen wearing a funny hat while speaking to the camera and sitting . ?	chair
5622	the woman then knits in her chair while ending with another picture of her .	who then knits in her chair while ending with another picture of her ?	woman
5622	the woman then knits in her chair while ending with another picture of her .	where does the woman then knit while ending with another picture of her . ?	chair
5623	A young boy sits in a chair with protective gown on and gets his hair cut with electric clippers by mom at home .	who sits in the chair with protective gown on and gets his hair cut with electric clippers by mom at home ?	boy
5624	The mother removes clipped hairs from the boys head with fingers .	who removes clipped hairs from the boys head with fingers ?	mother
5625	A girl is seen watching in the room .	who is seen watching in the room ?	girl
5625	A girl is seen watching in the room .	where is the girl seen watching . ?	room
5626	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a bobby pin and then flips her hair down and begins braiding .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a bobby pin and then flips her hair down and begins braiding ?	woman
5627	The girl then puts her hair up into a pony tail and wraps her hair around to make a pun .	who then puts her hair up into a pony tail and wraps her hair around to make a pun ?	girl
5629	A female news reporter is talking in a news room .	who is talking in the news room ?	reporter
5629	A female news reporter is talking in a news room .	where is the female news reporter talking . ?	room
5631	The people are hitting bags with sticks as they ride .	what are the people hitting with sticks as they ride ?	bags
5632	The people are then interviewed about the game , and a man is shown shooting arrows .	who are the people then interviewed about the game , and is shown shooting arrows ?	man
5633	man is in roofed gym weightlifting .	who is in roofed gym weightlifting ?	man
5634	woman is walking behind the man watching the man .	who is walking behind the man watching the man ?	woman
5635	woman is lifting eights while he man sits to watch her .	who is lifting eights while he man sits to watch her ?	woman
5636	A man is standing outside holding a violin .	who is standing outside holding the violin ?	man
5638	He stops and sets the violin to his side .	what does he stop and sets to his side ?	violin
5639	There are two men dressed in white shirts wearing hats doing freestyle wrestling in an indoor stadium .	how many men are there dressed in white shirts wearing hats doing freestyle wrestling in an indoor stadium ?	two
5639	There are two men dressed in white shirts wearing hats doing freestyle wrestling in an indoor stadium .	what is the color of the shirts ?	white
5642	The two men continue wrestling in a non aggressive manner by taking turns to attack the opponent .	how many men continue wrestling in the non aggressive manner by taking turns to attack the opponent ?	two
5643	They continue fighting as one man does a front flip .	how many man do they continue fighting as does a front flip ?	one
5645	A man wearing a construction hard hat applies plaster to a wall using a hand held flat edge .	who is wearing a construction hard hat applies plaster to a wall using a hand held flat edge ?	man
5645	A man wearing a construction hard hat applies plaster to a wall using a hand held flat edge .	the man wearing a construction what applies plaster to a wall using a hand held flat edge ?	hat
5646	The man pauses to explain his procedure .	who pauses to explain his procedure ?	man
5647	A Company name and slogan are seen in white text .	what is the color of the text ?	white
5648	A woman is shown walking around a kitchen turning on a faucet and l letting the sink fill up with water .	who is shown walking around the kitchen turning on a faucet and l letting the sink fill up with water ?	woman
5652	A rapper is then seen getting a tattoo from a man while the camera captures several angles and show art work .	who is then seen getting the tattoo from a man while the camera captures several angles and show art work ?	rapper
5653	More people show off their tattoos and the rapper points to the camera and shows the finished tattoo and album cover .	who do more people show off their tattoos and points to the camera and shows the finished tattoo and album cover ?	rapper
5654	A band is practicing in a gym .	where is the band practicing . ?	gym
5655	People are twirling flags while standing in a line .	what are people twirling while standing in a line ?	flags
5656	The drummers are marching around the gym .	who are marching around the gym ?	drummers
5659	The camera pans around the area and continues to speak to the man and leads into a shot of a boat going by and a close fire .	what pans around the area and continues to speak to the man and leads into a shot of a boat going by and a close fire ?	camera
5660	A woman starts dancing next to a man in front of a gathered crowd .	who starts dancing next to the man in front of a gathered crowd ?	woman
5664	A woman is seen blow drying her hair while using a comb in various fashions and using different products .	who is seen blow drying her hair while using a comb in various fashions and using different products ?	woman
5665	The woman continues to use the blow dryer on her hair and ends by showing off her finished hair .	who continues to use the blow dryer on her hair and ends by showing off her finished hair ?	woman
5666	A woman is seen kneeling down on a yoga mat while bending forward .	who is seen kneeling down on the yoga mat while bending forward ?	woman
5667	The woman then moves her leg out in front of her and bends down further creating a stretch .	who then moves her leg out in front of her and bends down further creating a stretch ?	woman
5671	Three athletes of different countries compete weightlifting on front the jury , during the first round , all the athletes lift the weight successfully .	how many athletes of different countries compete weightlifting on front the jury , during the first round ?	three
5672	In the second round , the athlete with blue uniform rise successfully and kiss the bar of the weight , also the other athletes are successful .	in the second round , the athlete with blue uniform rise successfully and kiss the bar of the weight , also who are successful ?	athletes
5672	In the second round , the athlete with blue uniform rise successfully and kiss the bar of the weight , also the other athletes are successful .	what is the color of the uniform ?	blue
5673	On the third round , the Indian athlete let fall the weight .	who do on the third round , let fall the weight ?	athlete
5674	The athlete with red uniform is congratulated , then stand on the first place of the podium and talks .	what is the color of the uniform ?	red
5675	A room is covered to avoid paint being splattered on objects in the room .	what is covered to avoid paint being splattered on objects in the room ?	room
5676	A room is seen with blue tape on its borders and walls .	what is seen with blue tape on its borders and walls ?	room
5676	A room is seen with blue tape on its borders and walls .	what is the color of the tape ?	blue
5680	A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins holding up knives .	who is seen speaking to the camera and begins holding up knives ?	man
5681	He pans all around his tools and shows off a kit .	what does he show off ?	kit
5683	A woman and a man are inside a car talking , then the man turn his head .	who are the woman and a man inside a car talking , then turn his head ?	man
5684	A young lady wash a car only wearing a bra and shorts , then she sprinkle water on her head a turn it .	who wash the car only wearing a bra and shorts , then she sprinkle water on her head a turn it ?	lady
5684	A young lady wash a car only wearing a bra and shorts , then she sprinkle water on her head a turn it .	what do the young lady wash only wearing a bra and shorts , then she sprinkle water on her head a turn it ?	car
5685	After , the man turns to see the angry woman and scream .	who does after , turn to see the angry woman and scream ?	man
5686	little kid is in the sand doing a castle using a small toy shovel kid leaves .	who is in the sand doing a castle using a small toy shovel kid leaves ?	kid
5688	A woman is sitting with a baby in her arms .	who is sitting with the baby in her arms ?	woman
5689	She takes licks of an ice cream cone , and the baby laughs hysterically each time .	who does she take licks of an ice cream cone , and laughs hysterically each time ?	baby
5691	A man is seen speaking to the camera in front of a large trailer in he moods .	who is seen speaking to the camera in front of a large trailer in he moods ?	man
5692	The man is then seen kneeling over a fire and begins lighting a flame into a pit .	who is then seen kneeling over the fire and begins lighting a flame into a pit ?	man
5693	A boy is seen walking around with a tennis racket and points to the ground while the man is still sitting in front of the fire .	who is seen walking around with the tennis racket and points to the ground while the man is still sitting in front of the fire ?	boy
5694	A woman uses a rolling pin to roll out dough onto the counter .	who uses the rolling pin to roll out dough onto the counter ?	woman
5694	A woman uses a rolling pin to roll out dough onto the counter .	what does the woman use ?	pin
5695	Another woman is taking something off of a baking sheet .	who is taking something off of a baking sheet ?	woman
5696	women are standing in a table doing arm wrestling in a competition .	who are standing in the table doing arm wrestling in a competition ?	women
5697	two referees on side of tables and watch each other .	how many referees on side of tables and watch each other ?	two
5698	women are arm wrestling in the table again and at the end high each other .	who are arm wrestling in the table again and at the end high each other ?	women
5702	A man is wearing a hat and kneeling down on a blue mat .	who is wearing the hat and kneeling down on a blue mat ?	man
5702	A man is wearing a hat and kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the man wearing and kneeling down on a blue mat ?	hat
5702	A man is wearing a hat and kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
5704	A woman in pink top is holding a hoop and talking to the camera .	what is the woman in pink top holding and talking to the camera ?	hoop
5705	The woman put the hoop to her waist and start to hoop .	who put the hoop to her waist and start to hoop ?	woman
5705	The woman put the hoop to her waist and start to hoop .	what did the woman put to her waist and start to hoop ?	hoop
5707	A man begins throwing darts at something off screen .	who begins throwing darts at something off screen ?	man
5711	The goalie blocks a few shots and then switches with another team mate while the audience cheers .	who blocks the few shots and then switches with another team mate while the audience cheers ?	goalie
5715	An older man is seen kneeling in the middle of a gym with several people around him .	who is seen kneeling in the middle of a gym with several people around him ?	man
5716	The man pulls on a piece of exercise equipment working his upper arms back and fourth .	who pulls on the piece of exercise equipment working his upper arms back and fourth ?	man
5717	A young lady is making faces at the camera .	who is making faces at the camera ?	lady
5718	She holds up a box that has barcodes and reads `` Sterling Gray '' on it .	what does she hold up ?	box
5721	man is opening a box with scissors and take out an unarmed bike .	who is opening the box with scissors and take out an unarmed bike ?	man
5721	man is opening a box with scissors and take out an unarmed bike .	what is man opening with scissors ?	box
5722	man is arming the bike inside a room with wooden floor .	who is arming the bike inside a room with wooden floor ?	man
5723	The person holds a blade to sharpen it .	what does the person hold ?	blade
5730	The person demonstrates the blade 's edge .	what does the person demonstrate edge ?	blade
5731	A car is seen driving around and leads into a man pumping air in the tire .	what is seen driving around and leads into the man pumping air in the tire ?	car
5731	A car is seen driving around and leads into a man pumping air in the tire .	where does the car lead into a man pumping air . ?	tire
5732	The man puts a wire along the tire and continues to spin it around .	who puts the wire along the tire and continues to spin it around ?	man
5734	A man in a green shirt throws a disc onto a field .	what does the man in a green shirt throw onto a field ?	disc
5734	A man in a green shirt throws a disc onto a field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
5735	A man in a blue shirt throws a disc onto the field .	what does the man in a blue shirt throw onto the field ?	disc
5735	A man in a blue shirt throws a disc onto the field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
5736	A man in a purple shirt throws a disc onto the field .	what does the man in a purple shirt throw onto the field ?	disc
5736	A man in a purple shirt throws a disc onto the field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
5740	A man in a white shirt is chopping a piece of wood with an ax .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
5742	Another man carrying a pot walks up behind him .	who is carrying a pot walks up behind him ?	man
5742	Another man carrying a pot walks up behind him .	another man carrying what walks up behind him ?	pot
5743	We see a young girl gymnast talking to the camera .	who do we see talking to the camera ?	gymnast
5744	We then see the title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
5746	The girl flips on a trampoline .	who flips on the trampoline ?	girl
5749	We then see the ending screens .	what do we then see ?	screens
5750	We see a blue opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
5750	We see a blue opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
5751	We see a man flipping and performing Capoeira cut with blue title screens .	what is the color of the screens ?	blue
5752	The man does a spin kick .	who does the spin kick ?	man
5753	The man does a spin and duck .	who does the spin and duck ?	man
5754	The man does a spin sweep on the floor .	who does the spin sweep on the floor ?	man
5755	A small toddler is in the bathroom brushing his teeth .	who is in the bathroom brushing his teeth ?	toddler
5756	As he frantically brushes , a woman comes to assist him as he points to different things on the counter .	who does , come to assist him as he points to different things on the counter ?	woman
5757	The young boy keeps brushing and then they end up switching tooth brushes .	who keeps brushing and then they end up switching tooth brushes ?	boy
5758	Eventually , the woman puts toothpaste on the brush and the boy cleans his teeth .	who does eventually , put toothpaste on the brush and the boy cleans his teeth ?	woman
5758	Eventually , the woman puts toothpaste on the brush and the boy cleans his teeth .	who does eventually , the woman put toothpaste on the brush and cleans his teeth ?	boy
5760	Finally he is done and he grabs his toy and runs out of the bathroom .	what is finally he done and he grabs and runs out of the bathroom ?	toy
5762	The cow is running and the boy throws the rope around its neck .	what is running and the boy throws the rope around its neck ?	cow
5762	The cow is running and the boy throws the rope around its neck .	who is the cow running and throws the rope around its neck ?	boy
5763	It causes the cow to fall over after being pulled back by the rope .	what does it cause ?	cow
5764	The boy goes running off the horse after it and pins the little cow down .	who goes running off the horse after it and pins the little cow down ?	boy
5764	The boy goes running off the horse after it and pins the little cow down .	what does the boy pin down ?	cow
5767	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him cutting tiles and measuring them along a wall .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him cutting tiles and measuring them along a wall ?	man
5768	The man uses a saw to cut the wall as well as the tile while using various other tools to cut around the sides .	who uses the saw to cut the wall as well as the tile while using various other tools to cut around the sides ?	man
5769	More tiles are being shown cut out as the man continues to speak and lay them down on the floor .	what are being shown cut out as the man continues to speak and lay them down on the floor ?	tiles
5770	A girl is talking to the camera while using her hands .	who is talking to the camera while using her hands ?	girl
5771	The camera does a blurred scene change .	what does the blurred scene change ?	camera
5772	The girl points down and wipes her hair .	who points down and wipes her hair ?	girl
5775	The girl shaves her legs in the shower .	who shaves her legs in the shower ?	girl
5775	The girl shaves her legs in the shower .	where does the girl shave her legs . ?	shower
5777	The girl shows us her razor then starts shaving .	who shows us her razor then starts shaving ?	girl
5778	Two people are seen standing up behind a set of drums looking at the camera .	how many people are seen standing up behind the set of drums looking at the camera ?	two
5780	The two pause for a moment then continue playing with one stopping and letting the other finish .	how many pause for a moment then continue playing with one stopping and letting the other finish ?	two
5781	A man in a kilt prepares himself to toss a large hammer in a competition .	where does the man prepare himself to toss a large hammer in a competition . ?	kilt
5782	After his preparations he swings the hammer around in a circle and tosses it as far as he can .	what does after his preparations he swing around in a circle ?	hammer
5785	One team scores several goals and are immediately followed by teammates cheering .	how many team scores several goals and are immediately followed by teammates cheering ?	one
5786	A doctor went inside the room , then she wash her hands , wipe her hands with paper towel .	who went inside the room , then she wash her hands , wipe her hands with paper towel ?	doctor
5787	A medical practitioner is washing her hand with soap and water , while the other medical practitioner in white coat is on her phone .	who is washing her hand with soap and water , while the other medical practitioner in white coat is on her phone ?	practitioner
5787	A medical practitioner is washing her hand with soap and water , while the other medical practitioner in white coat is on her phone .	what is the color of the coat ?	white
5788	A man in yellow coat is washing his hands , then the man in blue shirt is giving interview .	what is the color of the coat ?	yellow
5788	A man in yellow coat is washing his hands , then the man in blue shirt is giving interview .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
5789	A man talks while holding bagpipes .	who talks while holding bagpipes ?	man
5790	He then plays the bagpipes .	what does he then play ?	bagpipes
5791	The man moves his fingers to change the sound while he plays .	who moves his fingers to change the sound while he plays ?	man
5795	A small child is seen sitting on top of a slide while looking over to another child playing .	who is seen sitting on top of a slide while looking over to another child playing ?	child
5796	The boy rides down the slide several more times with the girl 's assistance and a man standing holding a baby and watching .	who rides down the slide several more times with the girl 's assistance and a man standing holding a baby and watching ?	boy
5797	A girl is looking at the camera .	who is looking at the camera ?	girl
5800	A woman 's feet are shown as she warms up at ballet .	who feet are shown as she warms up at ballet ?	woman
5801	A blonde woman is speaking to the camera , which pans out to her performing various dance moves while talking .	who is speaking to the camera , which pans out to her performing various dance moves while talking ?	woman
5804	A large man is seen stepping up into a circle and throws several shot puts off into the distance .	who is seen stepping up into the circle and throws several shot puts off into the distance ?	man
5807	A man speaks to the camera while another man sits on a piece of exercise equipment behind him .	who speaks to the camera while another man sits on a piece of exercise equipment behind him ?	man
5808	The instructor continues moving around near the man and has him show how to machine works .	who continues moving around near the man and has him show how to machine works ?	instructor
5810	A gymnasts wipes chalk on his hands while getting ready .	who wipes chalk on his hands while getting ready ?	gymnasts
5811	The gymnast stands on a platforms and swings himself onto a set of double bars .	who stands on the platforms and swings himself onto a set of double bars ?	gymnast
5812	The gymnast does a double bar routine during a competition .	who does the double bar routine during a competition ?	gymnast
5812	The gymnast does a double bar routine during a competition .	what does the gymnast do during a competition ?	routine
5813	The gymnast strikes his leg accidentally on the bars bringing him to a stop .	who strikes his leg accidentally on the bars bringing him to a stop ?	gymnast
5814	The gymnast dismounts from the double bars and lands on the mat .	who dismounts from the double bars and lands on the mat ?	gymnast
5815	A female gymnasts sits in a chair and waits for her turn .	who sits in the chair and waits for her turn ?	gymnasts
5815	A female gymnasts sits in a chair and waits for her turn .	where does the female gymnasts sit . ?	chair
5816	The female gymnasts stretches out her arms before the routine .	who stretches out her arms before the routine ?	gymnasts
5818	A man puts a black lens in his eye .	who puts the black lens in his eye ?	man
5818	A man puts a black lens in his eye .	what is the color of the lens ?	black
5819	Then , the man takes off the lens and after puts it again .	then , who takes off the lens and after puts it again ?	man
5820	A man is seen bending forward grabbing a large set of weights and lifting it on his shoulders .	who is seen bending forward grabbing the large set of weights and lifting it on his shoulders ?	man
5821	The man then lifts it up over his head and ends by throwing it back down .	who then lifts it up over his head and ends by throwing it back down ?	man
5822	A black male athlete run in the field then hopped and jumped and landed on the sandy field .	what is the color of the run ?	black
5823	The athlete run around and cheered and kneel down and pray .	who run around and cheered and kneel down and pray ?	athlete
5824	The athlete run and ripped his shirt off , while he reach of the woman and give her a hug and cheered .	who run and ripped his shirt off , while he reach of the woman and give her a hug and cheered ?	athlete
5824	The athlete run and ripped his shirt off , while he reach of the woman and give her a hug and cheered .	what did the athlete rip off ?	shirt
5825	A man is kneeling down in front of a sink .	who is kneeling down in front of a sink ?	man
5827	He takes a white towel and wipes off the counter and sink .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
5828	He sprays the mirror with Windex and wipes the mirror off .	what did he spray with windex ?	mirror
5828	He sprays the mirror with Windex and wipes the mirror off .	what does he wipe off ?	mirror
5829	A man is spinning in circles and throwing a discuss for a competition .	who is spinning in circles and throwing a discuss for a competition ?	man
5831	Another man comes up to the plate and throws the discuss .	who comes up to the plate and throws the discuss ?	man
5836	One boy throws a ball to another and the other kicks it off into the distance .	who throws the ball to another and the other kicks it off into the distance ?	boy
5836	One boy throws a ball to another and the other kicks it off into the distance .	what does one boy throw to another and the other kicks it off into the distance ?	ball
5836	One boy throws a ball to another and the other kicks it off into the distance .	how many boy throws the ball to another ?	one
5837	The kids continue to play with one another as well as run along the field .	who continue to play with one another as well as run along the field ?	kids
5838	Three men stand together wearing heavily padded clothing with suspenders .	how many men stand together wearing heavily padded clothing with suspenders ?	three
5839	The two men on the end strike the one in the middle below the belt and he falls to the ground in pain .	how many men on the end strike the one in the middle below the belt ?	two
5841	The man sits on a bmx bike on the top of a ramp getting ready .	who sits on the bmx bike on the top of a ramp getting ready ?	man
5842	the man drops into the ramp and falls hard slamming on the bottom .	who drops into the ramp and falls hard slamming on the bottom ?	man
5843	The man does tricks and jumps on the ramp riding a bike .	who does tricks and jumps on the ramp riding a bike ?	man
5844	One of the men in purple rides through a skate board park wearing the padded suit .	what are one of the men in purple rides through a skate board park wearing ?	suit
5844	One of the men in purple rides through a skate board park wearing the padded suit .	what is the color of the rides ?	purple
5845	Another man in grey shirt rides a skateboard on the half pipe ramp and does tricks .	what is the color of the rides ?	gray
5846	The three men ride together on the large ramp in formation .	how many men ride together on the large ramp in formation ?	three
5848	Two men are kneeling down holding paintball guns .	how many men are kneeling down holding paintball guns ?	two
5849	They are walking down the street holding their paintball guns .	they are walking down the street holding what ?	guns
5851	A person is seen wearing a blue shirt and standing before a fence .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
5854	The man on the right taps his foot as the two men play music .	how many men did the man on the right tap his foot as play music ?	two
5855	The camera pans to an onlooker standing on the side of the room watching and smiling .	what pans to an onlooker standing on the side of the room watching and smiling ?	camera
5856	The two men stop playing and the man in the middle shrugs as the other two men smile .	how many men stop playing ?	two
5856	The two men stop playing and the man in the middle shrugs as the other two men smile .	how many men does the man in the middle shrug as smile ?	two
5858	The camera person then pans around the beach to show the rest of the beach and various other people that are there .	what then pans around the beach to show the rest of the beach and various other people that are there ?	person
5859	The camera person then focuses on two women talking and standing together .	what then focuses on two women talking and standing together ?	person
5861	One of the girls then runs out of the shot and the other girl and the only boy remain near their small pile of sand .	one of the girls then runs out of the shot and the other girl and who remain near their small pile of sand ?	boy
5862	A girl with blonde hair and red nails sits in a chair in bedroom and talks to the camera while smoking and showing off a bottle of blue nailpolish .	what is the color of the nailpolish ?	blue
5863	The girl rolls away from the camera in the chair to get a bottle of blue nail polish and hold it up to the screen .	who rolls away from the camera in the chair to get a bottle of blue nail polish and hold it up to the screen ?	girl
5863	The girl rolls away from the camera in the chair to get a bottle of blue nail polish and hold it up to the screen .	what is the color of the polish ?	blue
5864	The girl then begins to smoke a cigarette in front of the camera while talking .	who then begins to smoke the cigarette in front of the camera while talking ?	girl
5865	The girl , finally , takes one long inhale and leans in to exhale into the camera before falling back .	who , finally , takes one long inhale and leans in to exhale into the camera before falling back ?	girl
5865	The girl , finally , takes one long inhale and leans in to exhale into the camera before falling back .	how many long inhale does the girl , finally , take ?	one
5866	A helmet camera is put on and then a man goes skateboarding .	what is put on and then the man goes skateboarding ?	camera
5866	A helmet camera is put on and then a man goes skateboarding .	who is the helmet camera put on and then goes skateboarding ?	man
5869	A man stands in a field talking .	who stands in the field talking ?	man
5870	He hits a bowling ball with a croquet mallet and then hold up a bowling ball with a big 8 on it .	what does he hit with a croquet mallet ?	ball
5872	Cars pass by and people walk around in the background .	what pass by and people walk around in the background ?	cars
5873	A bowling ball that is cut in half is on the ground .	what is on the ground ?	ball
5875	A man hits the `` 8 '' ball with a croquet mallet and does a little dance .	who hits the `` 8 '' ball with a croquet mallet and does a little dance ?	man
5876	A woman hits 1 bowling ball against another with a mallet .	who hits 1 bowling ball against another with a mallet ?	woman
5876	A woman hits 1 bowling ball against another with a mallet .	how many bowling ball does the woman hit against another with a mallet ?	one
5877	A different man hits a bowling ball with a mallet .	who hits the bowling ball with a mallet ?	man
5878	A young girl hits the ball with the mallet .	who hits the ball with the mallet ?	girl
5879	Another man hits a bowling ball and does a dance , The young girls play while a man dressed like a joker talks .	who hits the bowling ball and does a dance , the young girls play while a man dressed like a joker talks ?	man
5879	Another man hits a bowling ball and does a dance , The young girls play while a man dressed like a joker talks .	what does another man hit , the young girls play while a man dressed like a joker talks ?	ball
5881	The woman gives her chalice to the young girls who are very excited .	who gives her chalice to the young girls who are very excited ?	woman
5881	The woman gives her chalice to the young girls who are very excited .	what does the woman give to the young girls who are very excited ?	chalice
5883	An armoire is shown , and a woman is holding one of the drawers .	what is shown , and the woman is holding one of the drawers ?	armoire
5883	An armoire is shown , and a woman is holding one of the drawers .	who is an armoire shown , and is holding one of the drawers ?	woman
5886	The painted armoire is shown a final time .	what is shown the final time ?	armoire
5888	The woman edges herself along the dumpster while other people walk into frame .	who edges herself along the dumpster while other people walk into frame ?	woman
5889	The woman then moves herself around on roller blades while the camera follows her movements .	who then moves herself around on roller blades while the camera follows her movements ?	woman
5890	We see a quick title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
5891	We then see a man working on various things in a bike factory .	who do we then see working on various things in a bike factory ?	man
5894	The man begins to take the pieces part and put the bike together .	who begins to take the pieces part and put the bike together ?	man
5895	We see the factory briefly .	what do we see briefly ?	factory
5897	He finishes and we see the customer service phone number .	what does he finish and we see service ?	number
5898	We then see the end title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
5901	When they are done , one woman laughs and runs away .	, who laughs and runs away ?	woman
5901	When they are done , one woman laughs and runs away .	how many woman are when they done , laughs and runs away ?	one
5902	A man is riding a skateboard indoors and rides it onto a short standing pole on the ground .	who is riding the skateboard indoors and rides it onto a short standing pole on the ground ?	man
5902	A man is riding a skateboard indoors and rides it onto a short standing pole on the ground .	what is the man riding indoors and rides it onto a short standing pole on the ground ?	skateboard
5903	The man ends the video of just him talking , no text on the screen , and no other clips showing while he 's talking .	who ends the video of just him talking , no text on the screen , and no other clips showing while he 's talking ?	man
5904	A man in a red kayak rolls into the water , and out of the water .	what is the color of the kayak ?	red
5904	A man in a red kayak rolls into the water , and out of the water .	where does the man roll into the water , and out of the water . ?	kayak
5906	He then is in a blue kayak and rolls into the water and out of the water .	what is the color of the kayak ?	blue
5908	A man wearing a black shirt opens a bag of bread and pulls out three slices of bread .	who is wearing a black shirt opens a bag of bread and pulls out three slices of bread ?	man
5908	A man wearing a black shirt opens a bag of bread and pulls out three slices of bread .	the man wearing what opens a bag of bread and pulls out three slices of bread ?	shirt
5908	A man wearing a black shirt opens a bag of bread and pulls out three slices of bread .	how many slices is the man wearing a black shirt opens a bag of bread and pulls out of bread ?	three
5908	A man wearing a black shirt opens a bag of bread and pulls out three slices of bread .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
5909	The man raises an empty bottle of Miracle Whip and tosses it backhanded .	who raises an empty bottle of miracle whip and tosses it backhanded ?	man
5910	The man then opens the refrigerator and pulls out a new bottle of Miracle Whip .	who then opens the refrigerator and pulls out a new bottle of miracle whip ?	man
5910	The man then opens the refrigerator and pulls out a new bottle of Miracle Whip .	what does the man then open ?	refrigerator
5911	He then uses a knife to scoop out the miracle whip on to the bread slices .	what does he then use ?	knife
5912	The man then opens a bag of Swiss cheese and places a slice on each bread slice .	who then opens the bag of swiss cheese and places a slice on each bread slice ?	man
5912	The man then opens a bag of Swiss cheese and places a slice on each bread slice .	what does the man then place on each bread slice ?	slice
5913	The man then gets a container of Genoa Salami from the fridge and piles slices onto the bread slices .	who then gets the container of genoa salami from the fridge and piles slices onto the bread slices ?	man
5914	He then puts the bread slices on top of each other and completes the sandwich .	what does he then put on top of each other ?	slices
5914	He then puts the bread slices on top of each other and completes the sandwich .	what does he then complete ?	sandwich
5917	The lady holds her legs out at her side .	who holds her legs out at her side ?	lady
5918	The man swings the woman around .	who swings the woman around ?	man
5918	The man swings the woman around .	who does the man swing around ?	woman
5919	The lady shakes her hips .	who shakes her hips ?	lady
5920	The lady bends down and the man wraps his arms around her .	who bends down and the man wraps his arms around her ?	lady
5920	The lady bends down and the man wraps his arms around her .	who does the lady bend down and wraps his arms around her ?	man
5922	A lacrosse player wearing a white jersey and holding a lacrosse stick is talking about the positions of lacrosse .	the lacrosse player wearing a white jersey and holding what is talking about the positions of lacrosse ?	stick
5922	A lacrosse player wearing a white jersey and holding a lacrosse stick is talking about the positions of lacrosse .	what is the color of the jersey ?	white
5926	A boy holds a guitar in a room .	who holds the guitar in a room ?	boy
5926	A boy holds a guitar in a room .	where does the boy hold a guitar . ?	room
5934	While he 's running on the stilts , his friend drives alongside him in a car .	who does , drive alongside him in a car ?	friend
5934	While he 's running on the stilts , his friend drives alongside him in a car .	where does while he 's running on the stilts , his friend drives . ?	car
5935	The man continues to do stunts on the stilts .	who continues to do stunts on the stilts ?	man
5936	A young girl is seen standing at a ballet bar performing ballet moves .	who is seen standing at the ballet bar performing ballet moves ?	girl
5937	A girl is seen dancing on stage followed by a large group of girls warming up .	who is seen dancing on stage followed by a large group of girls warming up ?	girl
5938	The girls continue stretching and lead into the woman pointing her foot .	who continue stretching and lead into the woman pointing her foot ?	girls
5939	A teen puts make up to an man on his face .	who puts make up to an man on his face ?	teen
5941	Then , the teen puts color on the cheeks , then she eyeliners the eyelids .	who does then , put color on the cheeks , then she eyeliners the eyelids ?	teen
5942	After , the teen paint the mouth and put lipstick on the cheeks and paint the eyelids .	after , who paint the mouth and put lipstick on the cheeks and paint the eyelids ?	teen
5943	Two people are fencing in a room .	how many people are fencing in the room ?	two
5943	Two people are fencing in a room .	where are two people fencing . ?	room
5946	A boy is on a tennis court outside .	who is on the tennis court outside ?	boy
5951	Milk is poured into the cup of coffee .	what is poured into the cup of coffee ?	milk
5957	A woman is seen leading a camel around with two small children riding on the back .	who is seen leading the camel around with two small children riding on the back ?	woman
5958	The kids waves to the camera while it pans around their ride and the camel spitting into the air .	who waves to the camera while it pans around their ride and the camel spitting into the air ?	kids
5959	A female gymnast stands idle while being watched by a crowd .	who stands idle while being watched by the crowd ?	gymnast
5961	The gymnast performs a routine on a beam .	who performs the routine on a beam ?	gymnast
5962	The female gymnast finishes her routine and dismounts .	who finishes her routine and dismounts ?	gymnast
5964	The gymnast walks away from the beam .	who walks away from the beam ?	gymnast
5965	A man is seen bending over a large set of weights with another walking behind him .	who is seen bending over the large set of weights with another walking behind him ?	man
5966	The man lifts the bar up over his head and throws it back down .	who lifts the bar up over his head and throws it back down ?	man
5966	The man lifts the bar up over his head and throws it back down .	what does the man lift up over his head ?	bar
5967	The man does this again while people watch on the sides .	who does this again while people watch on the sides ?	man
5968	A pinata is seen swinging around the middle of people followed by a girl grabbing a stick .	what is seen swinging around the middle of people followed by a girl grabbing a stick ?	pinata
5969	She moves all around the room swinging at the pinata as well as another girl swinging with her dad .	who does she move all around the room swinging at the pinata as well as swinging with her dad ?	girl
5970	A young boy walks up to try to hit it as well as another boy .	who walks up to try to hit it as well as another boy ?	boy
5972	A male approaches and grabs a plate .	what does the male approach and grabs ?	plate
5974	The male dips the plate into the water and uses a white rug to wash it .	what the plate into the water and uses a white rug to wash it ?	dips
5974	The male dips the plate into the water and uses a white rug to wash it .	what does the male dips use ?	rug
5974	The male dips the plate into the water and uses a white rug to wash it .	what is the color of the rug ?	white
5975	The male rinses the washed plate .	what does the male rinse ?	plate
5976	The male soaks the white plate and then puts it on a dish drying rack .	what does the male soak ?	plate
5976	The male soaks the white plate and then puts it on a dish drying rack .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
5978	A man is seen spinning a rubix cube into his hands followed by more people attempting to solve the puzzle and speak to the camera .	who is seen spinning the rubix cube into his hands followed by more people attempting to solve the puzzle and speak to the camera ?	man
5981	One woman is seen lifting a bar several times while her coach yells to encourage her .	who is seen lifting the bar several times while her coach yells to encourage her ?	woman
5981	One woman is seen lifting a bar several times while her coach yells to encourage her .	how many woman is seen lifting the bar several times while her coach yells to encourage her ?	one
5983	A cameraman follows a man as he walks up a diving board .	who follows the man as he walks up a diving board ?	cameraman
5983	A cameraman follows a man as he walks up a diving board .	who does the cameraman follow ?	man
5984	The diver gets to the edge of the board and stretches before falling forwards in the water .	who gets to the edge of the board and stretches before falling forwards in the water ?	diver
5985	The diver dives into the water a second time .	who dives into the water a second time ?	diver
5986	The diver gets out of the water and walks away as a cameraman follows him .	who gets out of the water and walks away as a cameraman follows him ?	diver
5987	A man swings and throws the hammer repeatedly .	who swings and throws the hammer repeatedly ?	man
5987	A man swings and throws the hammer repeatedly .	what does the man throw repeatedly ?	hammer
5988	The man hops on one leg at the end and walks away .	who hops on one leg at the end and walks away ?	man
5991	The man in red and blue raises a red flag .	what does the man in red and blue raise ?	flag
5991	The man in red and blue raises a red flag .	what is the color of the flag ?	red
5993	There are two white cars that arrive in secluded area where there are warehouses .	how many white cars are there that arrive in secluded area where there are warehouses ?	two
5993	There are two white cars that arrive in secluded area where there are warehouses .	what is the color of the cars ?	white
5994	Four men get off the car and walk towards a man wearing a mask to cover his face .	what do four men get off ?	car
5994	Four men get off the car and walk towards a man wearing a mask to cover his face .	how many men get off the car and walk towards a man wearing a mask to cover his face ?	four
5997	He shoots his gun in the air .	what does he shoot in the air ?	gun
6001	A musician plays a set of drums on an elevated jumbo screen as a camera pans in and out on the performance .	who plays the set of drums on an elevated jumbo screen as a camera pans in and out on the performance ?	musician
6003	As the musician plays the drums the camera pans in for a closeup and then pans out .	what pans in for the closeup and then pans out ?	camera
6004	The musician ends the performance , stands , and waives both sticks at the audience .	who ends the performance , stands , and waives both sticks at the audience ?	musician
6010	The people continue riding along the water as the water splashes around them and the woman stops to wipe her face off .	who do the people continue and stops to wipe her face off ?	woman
6011	There 's a young man wearing a blue jacket and a white shirt standing near a wall with white bathroom tiles .	who does there 's wearing a blue jacket and a white shirt standing near a wall with white bathroom tiles ?	man
6011	There 's a young man wearing a blue jacket and a white shirt standing near a wall with white bathroom tiles .	what is the color of the jacket ?	blue
6011	There 's a young man wearing a blue jacket and a white shirt standing near a wall with white bathroom tiles .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
6011	There 's a young man wearing a blue jacket and a white shirt standing near a wall with white bathroom tiles .	what is the color of the tiles ?	white
6012	He is smoking a cigarette .	what is he smoking ?	cigarette
6018	A young boy pulls on a metal lever protruding from a metal bucket with a washboard in it .	who pulls on the metal lever protruding from a metal bucket with a washboard in it ?	boy
6019	Two young girls watch as a woman in a white apron demonstrates to the boy and girl how to turn the lever and also hangs clothes on a clothes line .	who watch as the woman in a white apron demonstrates to the boy and girl how to turn the lever and also hangs clothes on a clothes line ?	girls
6019	Two young girls watch as a woman in a white apron demonstrates to the boy and girl how to turn the lever and also hangs clothes on a clothes line .	how many young girls watch as the woman in a white apron demonstrates to the boy and girl how to turn the lever and also hangs clothes on a clothes line ?	two
6019	Two young girls watch as a woman in a white apron demonstrates to the boy and girl how to turn the lever and also hangs clothes on a clothes line .	what is the color of the apron ?	white
6019	Two young girls watch as a woman in a white apron demonstrates to the boy and girl how to turn the lever and also hangs clothes on a clothes line .	where do two young girls watch as a woman demonstrates to the boy and girl how to turn the lever and also hangs clothes on a clothes line . ?	apron
6022	The camera then pans out to show the audience .	what then pans out to show the audience ?	camera
6025	A woman is seen standing before a bar and bends down in front of him .	who is seen standing before the bar and bends down in front of him ?	woman
6029	The woman drain the pasta , and put it on the sauce and put them in the white bowls .	who drain the pasta , and put it on the sauce and put them in the white bowls ?	woman
6029	The woman drain the pasta , and put it on the sauce and put them in the white bowls .	the woman drain what , and put it on the sauce ?	pasta
6029	The woman drain the pasta , and put it on the sauce and put them in the white bowls .	what is the color of the bowls ?	white
6030	A large group of people are riding in a huge raft .	where are the large group of people riding . ?	raft
6034	The kids continue running around one another shooting the bow and arrows and ends with a woman holding up her hand and showing a picture .	who continue running around one another shooting the bow and arrows and ends with a woman holding up her hand and showing a picture ?	kids
6035	A lady walks down a hall while carrying a bucket of cleaning supplies .	who walks down the hall while carrying a bucket of cleaning supplies ?	lady
6036	A lady cleans a window with newspapers .	who cleans the window with newspapers ?	lady
6037	The lady sprays the newspaper .	who sprays the newspaper ?	lady
6039	The lady sprays the window .	who sprays the window ?	lady
6039	The lady sprays the window .	what does the lady spray ?	window
6040	Pipes are being shown on a rock .	what are being shown on the rock ?	pipes
6041	A man is walking on a trail .	who is walking on the trail ?	man
6043	A boat is in the water surrounding a rock .	what is in the water surrounding a rock ?	boat
6044	A man sits on top of a rock .	who sits on top of a rock ?	man
6045	A man starts playing an instrument .	who starts playing an instrument ?	man
6047	The man continues playing the instrument .	who continues playing the instrument ?	man
6048	The camera watches a man in a hat talking with someone from a low angle .	what watches the man in a hat talking with someone from a low angle ?	camera
6051	The man drinks from a bottle of water .	who drinks from the bottle of water ?	man
6052	A woman applies an ink pattern to the man 's body .	who applies an ink pattern to the man 's body ?	woman
6053	The man lays on his side as the woman tattoos over the ink pattern .	who lays on his side as the woman tattoos over the ink pattern ?	man
6055	Several dogs walk down a street .	what walk down the street ?	dogs
6058	A woman holds her dog .	who holds her dog ?	woman
6058	A woman holds her dog .	what does the woman hold ?	dog
6059	A class of children dressed in white gi 's are walking , kicking and punching in a classroom while their teacher walks around them .	what is the color of the children ?	white
6060	The class stops and the instructor talks and walks around them .	who does the class stop and talks and walks around them ?	instructor
6062	A man is seen holding an accordion while speaking to the camera and smiling .	who is seen holding an accordion while speaking to the camera and smiling ?	man
6063	He then plays the instrument while looking at the camera and ends by speaking more to the camera .	he then plays what while looking at the camera ?	instrument
6064	A boy is standing on a stool in front of a kitchen sink .	who is standing on the stool in front of a kitchen sink ?	boy
6065	He is washing the dishes under the water .	what is he washing under the water ?	dishes
6066	He puts the dishes into a black strainer .	what does he put into a black strainer ?	dishes
6066	He puts the dishes into a black strainer .	what is the color of the strainer ?	black
6068	The kids attempt the wind surfing and are seen moving their arms and legs around and waving to the camera .	who attempt the wind surfing and are seen moving their arms and legs around and waving to the camera ?	kids
6069	Two girls are seen dancing as well as people speaking to the camera and kids looking at the camera .	who are seen dancing as well as people speaking to the camera and kids looking at the camera ?	girls
6069	Two girls are seen dancing as well as people speaking to the camera and kids looking at the camera .	how many girls are seen dancing as well as people speaking to the camera and kids looking at the camera ?	two
6070	A woman is explaining how to remove wallpaper .	who is explaining how to remove wallpaper ?	woman
6073	She steps off the ladder and continues to steam the wallpaper .	what does she step off ?	ladder
6075	She moves the ladder , climbs up it and peels the wallpaper from the wall , picking the pieces that stick from the wall .	what does she move ?	ladder
6083	A man in an orange jacket snowmobiles across a snowy field .	what is the color of the jacket ?	orange
6084	The man snowboards down the mountain .	who snowboards down the mountain ?	man
6085	Two men snowmobile through the forest .	how many men snowmobile through the forest ?	two
6087	The man in the orange jacket looks at the camera .	what is the color of the jacket ?	orange
6088	The man in the orange jacket snowmobiles down a very steep mountain .	what is the color of the jacket ?	orange
6089	The man in the orange jacket snowmobiles off a jump and does tricks .	what is the color of the jacket ?	orange
6090	The man in the orange jacket starts a fire .	what is the color of the jacket ?	orange
6092	man is welding a machine in a dark room .	who is welding the machine in a dark room ?	man
6092	man is welding a machine in a dark room .	where is man welding a machine . ?	room
6093	man is welding a metal pot and smoke is spreading out of the pot .	who is welding a metal pot and smoke is spreading out of the pot ?	man
6094	man is wearing welding mask in a dark room welding something .	who is wearing welding mask in a dark room welding something ?	man
6096	He shows off several objects and pushes a puck along some ice while the camera sits on the object and the man follows behind .	he shows off several objects and pushes a puck along some ice and who follows behind ?	man
6097	A boat pulls a person out of the water .	what pulls the person out of the water ?	boat
6100	A large slide is shown with dozens of children climbing up and going down .	what is shown with dozens of children climbing up and going down ?	slide
6102	The camera pans all around the slides and shows the kids going down .	what pans all around the slides and shows the kids going down ?	camera
6102	The camera pans all around the slides and shows the kids going down .	who does the camera show going down ?	kids
6103	A woman does a hair dressing routine by brushing and blowdrying hair .	who does the hair dressing routine by brushing and blowdrying hair ?	woman
6104	The woman sits and has the hairdresser work her magic in under ten minutes .	who sits and has the hairdresser work her magic in under ten minutes ?	woman
6105	A woman paints a square frame with legs .	who paints the square frame with legs ?	woman
6105	A woman paints a square frame with legs .	what did the woman paint with legs ?	frame
6107	The camera pans to flowers .	what pans to flowers ?	camera
6108	A little girl is holding a stick and is gently hitting a large pinata that is ninja turtled theme .	who is holding the stick and is gently hitting a large pinata that is ninja turtled theme ?	girl
6108	A little girl is holding a stick and is gently hitting a large pinata that is ninja turtled theme .	what is the little girl holding ?	stick
6108	A little girl is holding a stick and is gently hitting a large pinata that is ninja turtled theme .	what is the little girl gently hitting ?	pinata
6109	In the background a boy on a white chair is gently tossing a ball in the air above his lap .	what is in the background a boy on a white chair gently tossing in the air above his lap ?	ball
6109	In the background a boy on a white chair is gently tossing a ball in the air above his lap .	what is the color of the chair ?	white
6111	A person cleans a window screen , and then puts detergent on the lower part of the window and brush .	what does the person clean ?	screen
6114	A young woman is sitting on a step and then a poster saying I can do it is shown .	who is sitting on the step and then a poster saying i can do it is shown ?	woman
6115	The girl comes back and continues talking about what she is about to do .	who comes back and continues talking about what she is about to do ?	girl
6116	She then brings up a knife and talks about it as the camera zooms in on it .	what does she then bring up ?	knife
6118	A pocket knife is pulled out and she begins cutting a small piece of tinder .	what is pulled out and she begins cutting a small piece of tinder ?	knife
6119	A man wearing an earring looks to the side .	who is wearing an earring looks to the side ?	man
6119	A man wearing an earring looks to the side .	the man wearing what looks to the side ?	earring
6122	band is in stage and the front man is singing .	who is band in stage and is singing ?	man
6123	woman is playing drums wearing a black cap .	who is playing drums wearing a black cap ?	woman
6123	woman is playing drums wearing a black cap .	what is woman playing ?	drums
6123	woman is playing drums wearing a black cap .	what is the color of the cap ?	black
6124	A garden is shown from the outside of a house .	what is shown from the outside of a house ?	garden
6125	The camera turns to take in various plants and flowers .	what turns to take in various plants and flowers ?	camera
6130	woman is sitting in a sidewalk talking to the camera next to a green bucket .	who is sitting in the sidewalk talking to the camera next to a green bucket ?	woman
6130	woman is sitting in a sidewalk talking to the camera next to a green bucket .	what is the color of the bucket ?	green
6131	woman is jumping on sidewalk playing trick .	who is jumping on sidewalk playing trick ?	woman
6132	another woman is in the sidewalk jumping playing trick .	who is in the sidewalk jumping playing trick ?	woman
6136	People are jumping rope on a stage .	what are people jumping on a stage ?	rope
6138	A man stands and holds the jump rope .	who stands and holds the jump rope ?	man
6138	A man stands and holds the jump rope .	what does the man stand and holds ?	rope
6140	Several team members are on a court outdoors , playing volleyball .	who are on the court outdoors , playing volleyball ?	members
6141	They lob the ball back and forth over the net in front of an audience .	what do they lob back and forth over the net in front of an audience ?	ball
6143	There are two men boxing in an indoor boxing room that has mirrors on one entire wall .	how many men are there boxing in an indoor boxing room that has mirrors on one entire wall ?	two
6145	The boxer in the red shorts punches the boxer in the black shorts .	what is the color of the shorts ?	red
6145	The boxer in the red shorts punches the boxer in the black shorts .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
6146	The boxer in black falls down and lands on his back and groans .	what is the color of the boxer ?	black
6148	A young man is wearing headphones and standing in front of a microphone .	who is wearing headphones and standing in front of a microphone ?	man
6148	A young man is wearing headphones and standing in front of a microphone .	what is the young man wearing and standing in front of a microphone ?	headphones
6152	A group of guys then come in the building and they start to run around the bags as a warm up .	where do the group of guys then come and they start to run around the bags as a warm up . ?	building
6154	A bumper sticker then appears saying , `` Keep your Eyes on the Prize '' and then more pairs of men begin kick boxing .	what then appears saying , `` keep your eyes on the prize '' and then more pairs of men begin kick boxing ?	sticker
6155	A man is in a yard with a cricket bat .	who is in the yard with a cricket bat ?	man
6156	He flips the bat over and over again .	what does he flip over and over again ?	bat
6157	He trips , then kicks the ball into the air , hitting it .	he then kicks what into the air ?	ball
6158	A woman is standing on a track talking .	who is standing on the track talking ?	woman
6162	The camera pans around a large group of people wandering around and leads into people playing a soccer match .	what pans around the large group of people wandering around and leads into people playing a soccer match ?	camera
6164	A young boy jokes around sitting at a drum set .	who jokes around sitting at the drum set ?	boy
6165	A boy plays a drum set at home .	who plays the drum set at home ?	boy
6166	The parents watch the boy play the drums .	who watch the boy play the drums ?	parents
6166	The parents watch the boy play the drums .	who do the parents watch the drums ?	boy
6166	The parents watch the boy play the drums .	what do the parents watch the boy play ?	drums
6167	A hand is rubbing a chalk to a blue tip .	what is the color of the tip ?	blue
6168	The man is concentrating on the pool table , slowly hit the ball with the billiard stick .	who is concentrating on the pool table , slowly hit the ball with the billiard stick ?	man
6168	The man is concentrating on the pool table , slowly hit the ball with the billiard stick .	what did the man hit with the billiard stick ?	ball
6170	The man is arranging the ball on the table and then hit them and they all went into the holes .	who is arranging the ball on the table and then hit them and they all went into the holes ?	man
6171	The athlete who is wearing gray tights and black shirt with number 2 on it started go on the beam and started to swirl around .	who started go on the beam and started to swirl around ?	athlete
6171	The athlete who is wearing gray tights and black shirt with number 2 on it started go on the beam and started to swirl around .	what is the color of the tights ?	gray
6171	The athlete who is wearing gray tights and black shirt with number 2 on it started go on the beam and started to swirl around .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
6172	When he got of from the beam , he walked towards the yellow container that contains white powder , then went back to the beam and did his tricks by swirling around .	what is the color of the container ?	yellow
6172	When he got of from the beam , he walked towards the yellow container that contains white powder , then went back to the beam and did his tricks by swirling around .	what is the color of the powder ?	white
6173	An athletic woman is shown running down a track and jumping into a large sand pit .	who is shown running down the track and jumping into a large sand pit ?	woman
6174	Her jump is then shown again several times in slow motion and another runner takes a turn at the jump .	who is her jump then shown again several times in slow motion and takes a turn at the jump ?	runner
6176	A boat that has a blue sail with two people is sailing in a body of water .	what is sailing in a body of water ?	boat
6176	A boat that has a blue sail with two people is sailing in a body of water .	what is the color of the sail ?	blue
6179	The boat makes a turn to the right .	what makes the turn to the right ?	boat
6180	The boat begins to head to the shore .	what begins to head to the shore ?	boat
6181	cat is sleeping in a furry table and a man holds him and shows a nail clipper and starts cutting the cat nails sitting in a couch .	what is sleeping in the furry table and a man holds him and shows a nail clipper and starts cutting the cat nails sitting in a couch ?	cat
6181	cat is sleeping in a furry table and a man holds him and shows a nail clipper and starts cutting the cat nails sitting in a couch .	who is cat sleeping in a furry table and holds him and shows a nail clipper and starts cutting the cat nails sitting in a couch ?	man
6181	cat is sleeping in a furry table and a man holds him and shows a nail clipper and starts cutting the cat nails sitting in a couch .	what is cat sleeping in a furry table and a man holds him and shows and starts cutting the cat nails sitting in a couch ?	clipper
6182	cat is sitting in a red carpet .	what is sitting in the red carpet ?	cat
6182	cat is sitting in a red carpet .	what is the color of the carpet ?	red
6182	cat is sitting in a red carpet .	where is cat sitting . ?	carpet
6183	A shirtless man is shoving snow outside at the curb .	who is shoving snow outside at the curb ?	man
6187	A camera walks closer to a girl pointing to her eye in the mirror .	what walks closer to the girl pointing to her eye in the mirror ?	camera
6189	A young woman is seen sitting in a kayak looking to the camera .	who is seen sitting in the kayak looking to the camera ?	woman
6190	The girl then begins moving the paddle back and fourth .	who then begins moving the paddle back and fourth ?	girl
6192	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into actors being interviewed about a film .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into actors being interviewed about a film ?	man
6195	A woman is talking about an elliptical exercise machine specially designed for women .	who is talking about an elliptical exercise machine specially designed for women ?	woman
6196	Alongside her is the pro fitness expert who is demonstrating how the machine works .	who is alongside her ?	expert
6197	He shows the buttons that need to be pressed in order to start the elliptical .	what does he show ?	buttons
6198	After he gets the machine started , the lady hops onto the machine and begins using the elliptical .	, who hops onto the machine and begins using the elliptical ?	lady
6200	Two children are seen walking around a yard play crochet with one another and laughing on the side .	who are seen walking around the yard play crochet with one another and laughing on the side ?	children
6200	Two children are seen walking around a yard play crochet with one another and laughing on the side .	how many children are seen walking around the yard play crochet with one another and laughing on the side ?	two
6201	the kids continue to play with each other while the camera pans all around their movements .	who continue to play with each other while the camera pans all around their movements ?	kids
6202	We see an intro screen with contact lenses .	what do we see with contact lenses ?	screen
6205	The man smiles and we see his face .	who smiles and we see his face ?	man
6207	We then see the ending screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
6208	A purple rope is attached to a blue one , which is then stretched between two trees .	what is attached to the blue one , which is then stretched between two trees ?	rope
6208	A purple rope is attached to a blue one , which is then stretched between two trees .	what is the color of the rope ?	purple
6208	A purple rope is attached to a blue one , which is then stretched between two trees .	what is the color of the one ?	blue
6209	A man bounces and balances on the rope as three other men watch .	who bounces and balances on the rope as three other men watch ?	man
6209	A man bounces and balances on the rope as three other men watch .	how many other men does the man balance on the rope as watch ?	three
6211	First the woman is shown tracing her finger down her neck .	who is first shown tracing her finger down her neck ?	woman
6214	A woman does a karate routine with a partner and throws a bunch which is blocked twice .	who does the karate routine with a partner and throws a bunch which is blocked twice ?	woman
6215	The woman practices a karate chops to her partner who watches and lifts hands .	who practices the karate chops to her partner who watches and lifts hands ?	woman
6216	The woman throws a blow to her partner who catches it and throws her to the ground .	who throws the blow to her partner who catches it and throws her to the ground ?	woman
6218	A man adjusts the position of the tools .	who adjusts the position of the tools ?	man
6220	Vassen cloud nine red colored contacts are in the container they belong in .	how many red colored contacts do vassen cloud are in the container they belong in ?	nine
6220	Vassen cloud nine red colored contacts are in the container they belong in .	what is the color of the contacts ?	red
6221	A blondish haired woman with brown eyes places one of them in her eye .	what is the color of the eyes ?	brown
6222	You can see the difference of the brown and the contact very clearly and it looks pretty great .	what is the color of the difference ?	brown
6224	A young man is standing in a netted green circular area .	who is standing in the netted green circular area ?	man
6224	A young man is standing in a netted green circular area .	what is the color of the area ?	green
6225	The man is holding a ball and begins to spin himself around and around multiple times and then throws the ball .	who is holding the ball and begins to spin himself around and around multiple times and then throws the ball ?	man
6225	The man is holding a ball and begins to spin himself around and around multiple times and then throws the ball .	what is the man holding ?	ball
6225	The man is holding a ball and begins to spin himself around and around multiple times and then throws the ball .	the man begins and then throws what ?	ball
6229	The man is showing people how to make a drink in a martini glass .	who is showing people how to make a drink in a martini glass ?	man
6230	The man puts ingredients in a regular glass while showing the bottles of ingredients he is using .	who puts ingredients in a regular glass while showing the bottles of ingredients he is using ?	man
6237	It also shows sumo wrestlers wrestling as spectators watch the event .	who does it also show sumo ?	wrestlers
6238	three woman are walking next to a house in a parking lot .	who are walking next to the house in a parking lot ?	woman
6238	three woman are walking next to a house in a parking lot .	how many woman are walking next to the house in a parking lot ?	three
6243	A man shoots an arrow with his bow .	who shoots an arrow with his bow ?	man
6254	A man prepares to run down a track .	who prepares to run down the track ?	man
6257	A woman is seen running down a road while looking at her watch and pointing to things in front of her .	who is seen running down the road while looking at her watch and pointing to things in front of her ?	woman
6259	man is sitting in a kayak next to the sidewalk .	who is sitting in the kayak next to the sidewalk ?	man
6259	man is sitting in a kayak next to the sidewalk .	where is man sitting . ?	kayak
6260	man is taking out the kayak from the water .	who is taking out the kayak from the water ?	man
6261	man is in the river holding the row and doing kayaking and other men are beside him .	who is in the river holding the row and doing kayaking and other men are beside him ?	man
6262	A man is recording himself in a lever with another man .	who is recording himself in a lever with another man ?	man
6265	He counts down and drops the man down to bungee jump .	who does he drop down to bungee jump ?	man
6266	The man makes it to the bottom safely and the ride comes back down .	who makes it to the bottom safely and the ride comes back down ?	man
6271	A woman practices floor gymnastics while others engage in various activities in the background .	who practices floor gymnastics while others engage in various activities in the background ?	woman
6271	A woman practices floor gymnastics while others engage in various activities in the background .	what does the woman practice ?	gymnastics
6272	A second woman practices floor gymnastics .	who practices floor gymnastics ?	woman
6272	A second woman practices floor gymnastics .	what does the second woman practice ?	gymnastics
6273	The two women are shown performing the same action in turn .	who are shown performing the same action in turn ?	women
6273	The two women are shown performing the same action in turn .	how many women are shown performing the same action in turn ?	two
6274	The first woman is shown practicing more floor gymnastics , with occasional slow motion replays of her action .	who is shown practicing more floor gymnastics , with occasional slow motion replays of her action ?	woman
6275	The second woman is shown performing some sort of pose .	who is shown performing some sort of pose ?	woman
6276	The first woman is shown performing gymnastics once again .	who is shown performing gymnastics once again ?	woman
6277	The second woman is shown stretching her leg in the air .	who is shown stretching her leg in the air ?	woman
6278	The first woman is shown performing gymnastics once more .	who is shown performing gymnastics once more ?	woman
6279	The second woman is shown in some sort of pose once again .	who is shown in some sort of pose once again ?	woman
6280	The first woman is shown performing gymnastics yet again .	who is shown performing gymnastics yet again ?	woman
6283	A lady plays the harp and another plays the flute in an orchestra and we see the conductor and return to the flute lady .	who plays the harp and another plays the flute in an orchestra and we see the conductor and return to the flute lady ?	lady
6285	We watch the conductor as he works and see the orchestra .	who do we watch ?	conductor
6286	We see the harp again and the orchestra before returning to the harp .	what do we see again ?	harp
6287	A woman is sitting on the edge of a bath tub .	who is sitting on the edge of a bath tub ?	woman
6290	There 's an athlete doing the hammer throw in a large stadium with some spectators and few other players watching him .	who does there 's doing the hammer throw in a large stadium with some spectators and few other players watching him ?	athlete
6292	Two people step forward to see where the athlete 's ball has landed .	how many people step forward to see where the athlete 's ball has landed ?	two
6293	The athlete does another hammer throw and the distance of his throw is measured annd his statistics are shown on screen .	who does another hammer throw and the distance of his throw is measured annd his statistics are shown on screen ?	athlete
6297	The dog jumps up and down as well as chases after the frisbee while the woman watches on the side .	what jumps up and down as well as chases after the frisbee while the woman watches on the side ?	dog
6298	Two pairs of females are in a room playing a game of Foosball .	how many pairs of females are in a room playing a game of foosball ?	two
6299	The girls on the left make two goals and they begin to cheer .	how many goals do the girls on the left make ?	two
6300	A man runs and dives into the water on a beach .	who runs and dives into the water on a beach ?	man
6301	A man carrying a surf board walks on the beach .	who is carrying a surf board walks on the beach ?	man
6303	A man is sitting in the sand .	who is sitting in the sand ?	man
6305	Two ladies in bikinis are on the beach .	how many ladies in bikinis are on the beach ?	two
6309	man is scuba diving under water and saying hi to the camera .	who is scuba diving under water and saying hi to the camera ?	man
6310	people are scuba diving watching the fishes are swimming between rocks .	what are people watching the fishes are swimming between rocks ?	diving
6312	A man spins and throws a ball onto the field .	who spins and throws the ball onto the field ?	man
6312	A man spins and throws a ball onto the field .	what does the man spin and throws onto the field ?	ball
6313	Another man spins and throws a ball on the field .	who spins and throws the ball on the field ?	man
6314	People in the stands are huging the athlete .	who are people in the stands huging ?	athlete
6316	A man comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin .	who comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin ?	man
6320	A man is standing in front of the camera talking and then moves behind the table .	who is standing in front of the camera talking and then moves behind the table ?	man
6322	The box is then picked up and placed on top of the wrapping paper and the man measures the wrapping paper .	what is then picked up and placed on top of the wrapping paper and the man measures the wrapping paper ?	box
6322	The box is then picked up and placed on top of the wrapping paper and the man measures the wrapping paper .	who is the box then picked up and placed on top of the wrapping paper and measures the wrapping paper ?	man
6322	The box is then picked up and placed on top of the wrapping paper and the man measures the wrapping paper .	what is the box then picked up and placed on top of the wrapping paper and the man measures ?	paper
6323	The wrapping paper is then taped and the rest is measured before it taped .	what is then taped and the rest is measured before it taped ?	paper
6325	The woman goes first and then the man takes his turn .	who goes first and then the man takes his turn ?	woman
6325	The woman goes first and then the man takes his turn .	who does the woman go first and then takes his turn ?	man
6326	A man is shown wearing a helmet and climbing up on a rock wall .	who is shown wearing the helmet and climbing up on a rock wall ?	man
6328	The climber checks his rope and shakes the clip off of his rope .	what checks his rope and shakes the clip off of his rope ?	climber
6328	The climber checks his rope and shakes the clip off of his rope .	what does the climber check ?	rope
6328	The climber checks his rope and shakes the clip off of his rope .	what does the climber shake off of his rope ?	clip
6330	People load into orange canoes .	what is the color of the canoes ?	orange
6332	Two guys paddle their canoe .	who paddle their canoe ?	guys
6332	Two guys paddle their canoe .	what does two guys paddle ?	canoe
6332	Two guys paddle their canoe .	how many guys paddle their canoe ?	two
6334	The girl goes back to the pink bag , grabs another brush and begins brushing the horse again from head to toe and all around its body on each side .	who goes back to the pink bag , grabs another brush and begins brushing the horse again from head to toe and all around its body on each side ?	girl
6335	A woman spins a rod on the air while spinning and dancing , then she throws the rod high and spins before to catch the rod .	who spins the rod on the air while spinning and dancing , then she throws the rod high and spins before to catch the rod ?	woman
6335	A woman spins a rod on the air while spinning and dancing , then she throws the rod high and spins before to catch the rod .	what does the woman spin on the air while spinning and dancing , then she throws the rod high and spins before to catch the rod ?	rod
6336	The woman continues spinning the rod around body , also throw the rod in the air .	who continues spinning the rod around body , also throw the rod in the air ?	woman
6337	Then , the woman rolls the rod on her arms , then she throw the rod in the air and and does a cartwheel before catching the rod .	who does then , roll the rod on her arms , then she throw the rod in the air and and does a cartwheel before catching the rod ?	woman
6337	Then , the woman rolls the rod on her arms , then she throw the rod in the air and and does a cartwheel before catching the rod .	what does then , the woman roll the rod on her arms , then she throw the rod in the air and and does before catching the rod ?	cartwheel
6338	Next , the woman rolls the rod on her neck graciously and end her performance .	next , who rolls the rod on her neck graciously and end her performance ?	woman
6339	First the elderly woman goes to hug the young man and then a man in a blue shirt plays the piano beautifully of different melodies .	who goes to hug the young man and then a man in a blue shirt plays the piano beautifully of different melodies ?	woman
6339	First the elderly woman goes to hug the young man and then a man in a blue shirt plays the piano beautifully of different melodies .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
6340	Then two little boys run outside the door while the man who 's standing by the door looks tired and pitiful .	who do then run outside the door while the man who 's standing by the door looks tired and pitiful ?	boys
6340	Then two little boys run outside the door while the man who 's standing by the door looks tired and pitiful .	how many little boys do then run outside the door while the man who 's standing by the door looks tired and pitiful ?	two
6342	There is a man sitting on the ground shining a shoe .	who is there sitting on the ground shining a shoe ?	man
6343	He applies ointment to the shoe and resumes buffing the shoe .	what does he apply to the shoe ?	ointment
6344	The customer moves his right foot down and places his left foot on the stand and the man starts polishing the shoe .	who moves his right foot down and places his left foot on the stand and the man starts polishing the shoe ?	customer
6344	The customer moves his right foot down and places his left foot on the stand and the man starts polishing the shoe .	the customer moves his right foot down and places his left foot on the stand and who starts polishing the shoe ?	man
6344	The customer moves his right foot down and places his left foot on the stand and the man starts polishing the shoe .	the customer moves his right foot down and places his left foot on the stand and the man starts polishing what ?	shoe
6345	Two men on either side of the shoe shiner is observing the crowd .	how many men on either side of the shoe shiner is observing the crowd ?	two
6347	The train is moving along the station as a crowd walks by .	what is moving along the station as a crowd walks by ?	train
6350	The man resumes buffing the left shoe .	who resumes buffing the left shoe ?	man
6351	The man drops his block and resumes buffing .	who drops his block and resumes buffing ?	man
6351	The man drops his block and resumes buffing .	what does the man drop ?	block
6352	The man takes the cloth to shine the left shoe .	who takes the cloth to shine the left shoe ?	man
6353	The customer observes his shiny shoes .	who observes his shiny shoes ?	customer
6354	The customer steps away from the shoe shiner .	who steps away from the shoe shiner ?	customer
6355	A man is seen wearing a reef blower and blowing all around a trampoline .	who is seen wearing the reef blower and blowing all around a trampoline ?	man
6357	The man continues to blow as the kids jump around .	who continues to blow as the kids jump around ?	man
6359	A baby is shown and then there are people interviewed .	who is shown and then there are people interviewed ?	baby
6360	A helmet is shown and more interviews are conducted .	what is shown and more interviews are conducted ?	helmet
6361	An Asian man is standing by the keyboard , he is wearing a red shirt with black top inside .	who is standing by the keyboard , he is wearing a red shirt with black top inside ?	man
6361	An Asian man is standing by the keyboard , he is wearing a red shirt with black top inside .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
6361	An Asian man is standing by the keyboard , he is wearing a red shirt with black top inside .	what is the color of the inside ?	black
6362	Two people , one girl and one boy are sitting , the girl is wearing a white top , while the boy is wearing a white stripe sweater .	what is the color of the top ?	white
6362	Two people , one girl and one boy are sitting , the girl is wearing a white top , while the boy is wearing a white stripe sweater .	what is the color of the sweater ?	white
6364	A camera pans around a large body of water followed by people swimming in the water .	what pans around the large body of water followed by people swimming in the water ?	camera
6365	Clips are shown of people surfing as well as swimming in the water and smiling to the camera .	what are shown of people surfing as well as swimming in the water and smiling to the camera ?	clips
6366	More clips are shown of people close up moving along the water .	what are shown of people close up moving along the water ?	clips
6367	A child boxes a gloved adult kneeing on the floor .	who boxes the gloved adult kneeing on the floor ?	child
6367	A child boxes a gloved adult kneeing on the floor .	who does the child box kneeing on the floor ?	adult
6368	The child also practices karate kicks .	who also practices karate kicks ?	child
6370	The adult starts to get off the floor .	who starts to get off the floor ?	adult
6371	A child plays with a vacuum attachment piece in a bedroom .	who plays with the vacuum attachment piece in a bedroom ?	child
6372	The mother vacuums the floor of the bedroom .	who vacuums the floor of the bedroom ?	mother
6373	The child brings the vacuum attachment into the next bedroom .	who brings the vacuum attachment into the next bedroom ?	child
6376	A white car is in the street .	what is in the street ?	car
6376	A white car is in the street .	what is the color of the car ?	white
6376	A white car is in the street .	where is the white car . ?	street
6377	women are in a big green field playing hurling .	who are in the big green field playing hurling ?	women
6377	women are in a big green field playing hurling .	what is the color of the playing ?	green
6378	woman is in a small green court practicing hurling shots .	who is in the small green court practicing hurling shots ?	woman
6378	woman is in a small green court practicing hurling shots .	what is the color of the court ?	green
6379	Outside at the playground a boy has climbed to the top of the swing set while other children are swinging .	who has outside at the playground climbed to the top of the swing set while other children are swinging ?	boy
6383	A man stands on a field .	who stands on the field ?	man
6384	The crowd in the stadium cheers on .	where does the crowd cheer on . ?	stadium
6386	The pitcher pitches the ball .	who pitches the ball ?	pitcher
6386	The pitcher pitches the ball .	what does the pitcher pitch ?	ball
6387	The batter tries to hit the ball but misses .	who tries to hit the ball but misses ?	batter
6388	The pitchers team excitedly exits the field .	who excitedly exits the field ?	team
6389	There 's a brown horse tied in a stable .	what does there 's tied in a stable ?	horse
6389	There 's a brown horse tied in a stable .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
6390	A woman in a green shirt and brown boots walks in and begins scrubbing the horse .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
6390	A woman in a green shirt and brown boots walks in and begins scrubbing the horse .	what is the color of the boots ?	brown
6394	The horse begins moving his neck and head as she continues scrubbing .	what begins moving his neck and head as she continues scrubbing ?	horse
6396	Three girls are riding stationary bikes .	who are riding stationary bikes ?	girls
6396	Three girls are riding stationary bikes .	what are three girls riding ?	bicycles
6396	Three girls are riding stationary bikes .	how many girls are riding stationary bikes ?	three
6397	A man is standing in front of them holding a camera .	who is standing in front of them holding a camera ?	man
6398	Another man walks in front of them .	who walks in front of them ?	man
6400	A large nurse whale swims alongside her .	who swims alongside her ?	whale
6402	A little girl sits on front a cup of ice cream , then she takes a piece of food from the cup and eats it .	who sits on front a cup of ice cream , then she takes a piece of food from the cup and eats it ?	girl
6403	Then , the girl grab the spoon and eats the ice cream .	then , who grab the spoon and eats the ice cream ?	girl
6403	Then , the girl grab the spoon and eats the ice cream .	what do then , the girl grab ?	spoon
6409	People wears lanyards and watch around the exhibits , while a man explains a person holding two discs .	people wears lanyards and watch around the exhibits , while a man explains a person holding how many discs ?	two
6411	People are eating ice cream cones .	what are people eating ?	cones
6414	Two very large men are in the middle of a ring wearing sumo wrestling outfits .	how many very large men are in the middle of a ring wearing sumo wrestling outfits ?	two
6418	A woman manipulates a Rubik 's cube while a man watches on in a competitive setting .	who manipulates the rubik 's cube while a man watches on in a competitive setting ?	woman
6418	A woman manipulates a Rubik 's cube while a man watches on in a competitive setting .	what does the woman manipulate ?	cube
6419	Two men walk through the camera frame in the background .	how many men walk through the camera frame in the background ?	two
6420	The woman puts the solved Rubik 's cube on the table before her .	who puts the solved rubik 's cube on the table before her ?	woman
6422	A girl 's hair length is measured followed by more pictures of her long hair and speaking to the camera .	who hair length is measured followed by more pictures of her long hair and speaking to the camera ?	girl
6425	A man wearing a black shirt and black shorts is standing next to an exercise machine .	who is wearing a black shirt and black shorts is standing next to an exercise machine ?	man
6425	A man wearing a black shirt and black shorts is standing next to an exercise machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
6425	A man wearing a black shirt and black shorts is standing next to an exercise machine .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
6427	He stops working out and releases the bar .	what does he release ?	bar
6428	A man fry vegetables in a pan and stir with a large spoon .	who fry vegetables in a pan and stir with a large spoon ?	man
6428	A man fry vegetables in a pan and stir with a large spoon .	what did the man fry in a pan ?	vegetables
6428	A man fry vegetables in a pan and stir with a large spoon .	where did the man fry vegetables . ?	pan
6429	Then the man brake eggs in a bowl and mix well , after the man add the eggs in the pan to do an omelette .	who do then brake eggs in a bowl and mix well , after the man add the eggs in the pan to do an omelette ?	man
6430	He roll the omelette and flip it in the air , then the man serves the omelette on a dish .	what do he roll , then the man serves the omelette on a dish ?	omelette
6430	He roll the omelette and flip it in the air , then the man serves the omelette on a dish .	he roll the omelette and flip it in the air , then who serves the omelette on a dish ?	man
6431	A woman is dancing along to some music while standing in front of a television .	who is dancing along to some music while standing in front of a television ?	woman
6433	The camera shows two other women in the room as they dance and smoke the hookah pipe with her .	what shows two other women in the room as they dance and smoke the hookah pipe with her ?	camera
6433	The camera shows two other women in the room as they dance and smoke the hookah pipe with her .	who does the camera show in the room ?	women
6433	The camera shows two other women in the room as they dance and smoke the hookah pipe with her .	how many other women does the camera show in the room as they dance and smoke the hookah pipe with her ?	two
6433	The camera shows two other women in the room as they dance and smoke the hookah pipe with her .	where does the camera show two other women as they dance and smoke the hookah pipe with her . ?	room
6434	the camera turns to a man that is in the room with a camera taking pictures .	what turns to the man that is in the room with a camera taking pictures ?	camera
6435	A small girl is making cookies with her mother in her kitchen .	who is making cookies with her mother in her kitchen ?	girl
6435	A small girl is making cookies with her mother in her kitchen .	what is the small girl making with her mother in her kitchen ?	cookies
6436	She wants her mom to pretend that she is Santa Claus .	who does she want ?	mom
6438	The mother opens the oven and puts the tray full of cookie dough into the oven for baking .	who opens the oven and puts the tray full of cookie dough into the oven for baking ?	mother
6438	The mother opens the oven and puts the tray full of cookie dough into the oven for baking .	what does the mother open ?	oven
6438	The mother opens the oven and puts the tray full of cookie dough into the oven for baking .	what does the mother put ?	dough
6439	After the cookies are baked , they decorate the cookies with sprinkles and frosting .	what do , they decorate with sprinkles and frosting ?	cookies
6440	The girl proudly shows the finished cookie after it 's done .	who proudly shows the finished cookie after it 's done ?	girl
6440	The girl proudly shows the finished cookie after it 's done .	what does the girl proudly show ?	cookie
6441	Two people are shown pushing around a lawn mower and cutting the lawn .	how many people are shown pushing around the lawn mower and cutting the lawn ?	two
6445	More clips are shown of people riding bikes along the trail while the camera captures it from several angles .	what are shown of people riding bikes along the trail while the camera captures it from several angles ?	clips
6446	woman wearing a red shirt is arm wretling again anothe woman laying on the floor .	who is wearing a red shirt is arm wretling again anothe woman laying on the floor ?	woman
6446	woman wearing a red shirt is arm wretling again anothe woman laying on the floor .	woman wearing what is arm wretling again anothe woman laying on the floor ?	shirt
6446	woman wearing a red shirt is arm wretling again anothe woman laying on the floor .	woman wearing a red shirt is arm wretling again who laying on the floor ?	woman
6446	woman wearing a red shirt is arm wretling again anothe woman laying on the floor .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
6447	a blonde woman wearing grey shirt is arm wrestling with another woman on a room .	who is wearing grey shirt is arm wrestling with another woman on a room ?	woman
6447	a blonde woman wearing grey shirt is arm wrestling with another woman on a room .	the blonde woman wearing what is arm wrestling with another woman on a room ?	shirt
6447	a blonde woman wearing grey shirt is arm wrestling with another woman on a room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
6448	the winner woman is making poses laying on the floor .	who is making poses laying on the floor ?	woman
6451	A man is seen wearing a helmet and kneeling down in a large room .	who is seen wearing the helmet and kneeling down in a large room ?	man
6451	A man is seen wearing a helmet and kneeling down in a large room .	where is the man seen wearing a helmet and kneeling down . ?	room
6454	A boy sits at a table with a girl beside him .	who sits at the table with a girl beside him ?	boy
6456	A counter counts quickly as he tries his best to solve the puzzle .	what counts quickly as he tries his best to solve the puzzle ?	counter
6457	He finally solves the cube , and stands up from the table .	what does he finally solve ?	cube
6458	A man is helping a boy fly a kite .	who is helping the boy fly a kite ?	man
6459	A woman is standing next to them .	who is standing next to them ?	woman
6460	The kites are flying in the sky above water .	what are flying in the sky above water ?	kites
6461	The man walks up the hill .	who walks up the hill ?	man
6461	The man walks up the hill .	what does the man walk up ?	hill
6462	The female gymnast raised her arm as the judge raise the flag .	who raised her arm as the judge raise the flag ?	gymnast
6464	The girl jump of the beam landing to the blue mat .	who jump of the beam landing to the blue mat ?	girl
6464	The girl jump of the beam landing to the blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
6468	A camera pans around person 's faces on a snowy hill as well as them riding down a mountain .	what pans around person 's faces on a snowy hill as well as them riding down a mountain ?	camera
6470	A man wearing a hat is seen holding up a harmonica and begins playing with his hands .	who is wearing a hat is seen holding up a harmonica and begins playing with his hands ?	man
6470	A man wearing a hat is seen holding up a harmonica and begins playing with his hands .	the man wearing what is seen holding up a harmonica and begins playing with his hands ?	hat
6472	Two small children are seen drawing with chalk on a side walk while they occasionally looking back to the camera .	who are seen drawing with chalk on a side walk while they occasionally looking back to the camera ?	children
6472	Two small children are seen drawing with chalk on a side walk while they occasionally looking back to the camera .	how many small children are seen drawing with chalk on a side walk while they occasionally looking back to the camera ?	two
6473	The girl is then seen play hop scotch jumping down the chalk while the boy watches from behind .	who is then seen play hop scotch jumping down the chalk while the boy watches from behind ?	girl
6473	The girl is then seen play hop scotch jumping down the chalk while the boy watches from behind .	what is the girl then seen hop jumping down the chalk while the boy watches from behind ?	scotch
6474	A woman then helps the boy jump followed by the young girl helping .	who then helps the boy jump followed by the young girl helping ?	woman
6474	A woman then helps the boy jump followed by the young girl helping .	who does the woman then help followed by the young girl helping ?	jump
6475	The boy jumps on his own and then leads into the two walking on a sidewalk beam .	who jumps on his own and then leads into the two walking on a sidewalk beam ?	boy
6476	The girl swings her arms up and then the two jump down .	who swings her arms up and then the two jump down ?	girl
6477	A man lays back in ocean water as he holds onto a bar .	who lays back in ocean water as he holds onto a bar ?	man
6480	An athletic man steps up before a track while holding a javelin ad standing ready .	who steps up before the track while holding a javelin ad standing ready ?	man
6481	The man runs down , throws the javelin , and walks back while his throw is shown again several times in slow motion .	who runs down , throws the javelin , and walks back while his throw is shown again several times in slow motion ?	man
6483	Six people in helmets race on dirt bikes around a circular , paved track surrounded by grass , game tents and onlookers .	how many people in helmets race on dirt bikes around a circular , paved track surrounded by grass , game tents and onlookers ?	six
6485	The racers pedal with one person in a white jacket in the lead .	who pedal with one person in a white jacket in the lead ?	racers
6485	The racers pedal with one person in a white jacket in the lead .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
6486	The race ends with the same person in the white jacket remaining in the lead until they approach the end of the track and an orange , white striped cone .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
6486	The race ends with the same person in the white jacket remaining in the lead until they approach the end of the track and an orange , white striped cone .	what is the color of the cone ?	white
6487	A young man is shown swinging a tennis racket over and over again while hitting a ball at the same time .	who is shown swinging the tennis racket over and over again while hitting a ball at the same time ?	man
6489	A grinder machine is shown on a patio .	what is shown on the patio ?	machine
6490	A man talks while he shows the parts of the machine .	who talks while he shows the parts of the machine ?	man
6494	An athlete runs , then skip and jumps forward to perform long jump while judges holds sticks to measure .	who runs , then skip and jumps forward to perform long jump while judges holds sticks to measure ?	athlete
6495	A man is kneeling down in a garage looking at tools on the ground .	who is kneeling down in the garage looking at tools on the ground ?	man
6495	A man is kneeling down in a garage looking at tools on the ground .	where is the man kneeling down looking at tools on the ground . ?	garage
6496	He then grabs a metal mask and positions himself correctly on the floor .	what does he then grab ?	mask
6497	Once comfortable , the mask is held in position and he begins firing away at the object on the ground .	what is , held in position and he begins firing away at the object on the ground ?	mask
6503	She puts some mousse into her hand and proceeds to work it through her hair .	what does she put into her hand ?	mousse
6507	a woman is standing outside a beam .	who is standing outside the beam ?	woman
6512	A lady holds a cat in her lap on the floor .	who holds the cat in her lap on the floor ?	lady
6513	The lady then clips the cats claws .	who then clips the cats claws ?	lady
6514	The cat tries to escape and the person calms the cat with a hair holder .	what tries to escape and the person calms the cat with a hair holder ?	cat
6515	The cat tries hard to escape .	what tries hard to escape ?	cat
6516	The lady finishes an the cat runs off and we see another cat sitting on a bed surrounded by clutter .	who finishes an the cat runs off and we see another cat sitting on a bed surrounded by clutter ?	lady
6516	The lady finishes an the cat runs off and we see another cat sitting on a bed surrounded by clutter .	what does the lady finish and we see sitting on a bed surrounded by clutter ?	cat
6517	Two men are fighting with bows and arrows in a room .	how many men are fighting with bows and arrows in a room ?	two
6517	Two men are fighting with bows and arrows in a room .	where are two men fighting . ?	room
6518	A man jumps off a stack of mats .	who jumps off the stack of mats ?	man
6519	Another man does a flip off the wall .	who does the flip off the wall ?	man
6520	A man cleans a small board of wood with a cloth in a workshop .	who cleans the small board of wood with a cloth in a workshop ?	man
6521	Then , the man uses flannel to polish the wood board thoroughly .	who does then , use flannel to polish the wood board thoroughly ?	man
6522	Lemons are juiced one at a time and then put in a pot with sugar .	what are juiced one at a time and then put in a pot with sugar ?	lemons
6524	A man is outside of a building .	who is outside of a building ?	man
6527	An elderly woman wearing glasses is standing in front of a car .	who is wearing glasses is standing in front of a car ?	woman
6527	An elderly woman wearing glasses is standing in front of a car .	an elderly woman wearing what is standing in front of a car ?	glasses
6532	The man wipes off the face when he 's done and showing off the clean shave .	who wipes off the face when he 's done and showing off the clean shave ?	man
6534	Two men are shown on the side of a building roof .	how many men are shown on the side of a building roof ?	two
6537	There is a boy sitting on a beach building sand castles with a water bottle and a sand bucket .	who is there sitting on a beach building sand castles with a water bottle and a sand bucket ?	boy
6538	Another little boy wearing a pink float comes running and joins him .	who is wearing a pink float comes running and joins him ?	boy
6539	The boy pours some water on the sand castle .	who pours some water on the sand castle ?	boy
6540	Then a girls wearing a pink floral bathing suit joins the boys and helps them build the sand castle .	who is then wearing a pink floral bathing suit joins the boys and helps them build the sand castle ?	girls
6540	Then a girls wearing a pink floral bathing suit joins the boys and helps them build the sand castle .	then the girls wearing bathing what joins the boys and helps them build the sand castle ?	suit
6540	Then a girls wearing a pink floral bathing suit joins the boys and helps them build the sand castle .	who are then the girls wearing a pink floral bathing suit joins and helps them build the sand castle ?	boys
6541	A man in glasses and beret is talking .	where is the man talking . ?	beret
6545	One man is sitting on a camel .	who is sitting on the camel ?	man
6545	One man is sitting on a camel .	how many man is sitting on the camel ?	one
6546	The man explains the correct way to ride a camel .	who explains the correct way to ride a camel ?	man
6547	A man in the background holds a video camera .	what does the man in the background hold ?	camera
6548	Another man hands the camels reigns to the man riding and the camel starts walking .	who hands the camels reigns to the man riding and the camel starts walking ?	man
6548	Another man hands the camels reigns to the man riding and the camel starts walking .	what does another man hand and starts walking ?	camel
6549	The camel turns it 's head around and yells at the man riding him .	what turns it 's head around and yells at the man riding him ?	camel
6553	The man that were falling give up and stay in a sitting position .	who give up and stay in a sitting position ?	man
6554	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a cigarette .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a cigarette ?	man
6555	The man takes several puffs out of the cigarette while still looking back to the camera .	who takes several puffs out of the cigarette while still looking back to the camera ?	man
6557	A man is seen standing on a court holding down a tennis racket .	who is seen standing on the court holding down a tennis racket ?	man
6558	The man then bounces the racket down and hits the tennis ball balancing on top .	who then bounces the racket down and hits the tennis ball balancing on top ?	man
6558	The man then bounces the racket down and hits the tennis ball balancing on top .	what does the man hit on top ?	balancing
6561	The boy goes in a building .	who goes in the building ?	boy
6561	The boy goes in a building .	where does the boy go . ?	building
6562	The boy sits in a chair and test a haircut .	who sits in the chair and test a haircut ?	boy
6562	The boy sits in a chair and test a haircut .	where does the boy sit . ?	chair
6563	The lady then uses scissors .	who then uses scissors ?	lady
6563	The lady then uses scissors .	what does the lady then use ?	scissors
6565	The lady give the little boy a red balloon .	who give the little boy a red balloon ?	lady
6565	The lady give the little boy a red balloon .	what do the lady give the little boy ?	balloon
6565	The lady give the little boy a red balloon .	what is the color of the balloon ?	red
6566	We see the boy as he walks to the door .	who do we see ?	boy
6567	A man introduces himself to the camera and says he will show how to build a fire .	who introduces himself to the camera and says he will show how to build a fire ?	man
6576	A person holds up a flag and shows other people watching on the sides .	what does the person hold up ?	flag
6578	a boy is holding a very long pole .	who is holding the very long pole ?	boy
6578	a boy is holding a very long pole .	what is the boy holding ?	pole
6579	The camera turns upright suddenly .	what turns upright suddenly ?	camera
6580	the boy runs with the pole , vaulting over a bar and onto a mat .	who runs with the pole , vaulting over a bar and onto a mat ?	boy
6584	She add all the ingredients to the glass over the ice .	what do she add to the glass over the ice ?	ingredients
6587	A white screen then two boys in the kitchen .	the white screen how many boys in the kitchen ?	two
6587	A white screen then two boys in the kitchen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
6589	The boys then mix ingredients in a bowl .	who then mix ingredients in a bowl ?	boys
6589	The boys then mix ingredients in a bowl .	what do the boys then mix in a bowl ?	ingredients
6589	The boys then mix ingredients in a bowl .	where do the boys then mix ingredients . ?	bowl
6590	We see a person shift flour in a bowl .	where do we see a person shift flour . ?	bowl
6591	Someone stirs the cookie dough in a bowl .	where does someone stir the cookie dough . ?	bowl
6592	The dough is put on a sheet .	what is put on the sheet ?	dough
6593	A boy washes the dishes .	who washes the dishes ?	boy
6593	A boy washes the dishes .	what does the boy wash ?	dishes
6594	The cookies are put in an oven .	what are put in an oven ?	cookies
6594	The cookies are put in an oven .	where are the cookies put . ?	oven
6595	A boy plays a guitar the other boy sings .	who plays the guitar the other boy sings ?	boy
6595	A boy plays a guitar the other boy sings .	what does the boy play ?	guitar
6596	Each boy eats a cookie and we see them come out of the oven .	who eats the cookie and we see them come out of the oven ?	boy
6596	Each boy eats a cookie and we see them come out of the oven .	what does each boy eat and we see them come out of the oven ?	cookie
6598	A boy shakes his head yes and plays with a big black dog .	who shakes his head yes and plays with a big black dog ?	boy
6598	A boy shakes his head yes and plays with a big black dog .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
6599	A man is showing washing his face with water into a sink and putting lotion into his hand .	who is showing washing his face with water into a sink and putting lotion into his hand ?	man
6599	A man is showing washing his face with water into a sink and putting lotion into his hand .	what is the man showing and putting into his hand ?	lotion
6600	He rubs the soap together in his hands and massages into his face thoroughly .	what did he rub together in his hands and massages into his face thoroughly ?	soap
6601	He then wipes his face off with a towel and speaking to the camera and pouring more lotion .	what does he then wipe his face off with a towel and speaking to the camera and pouring ?	lotion
6602	He once again presses the lotion into his face and a recap is shown of his face .	what did he once again press into his face and a recap is shown of his face ?	lotion
6603	A man enters a room and piles plaster onto a base .	who enters the room and piles plaster onto a base ?	man
6604	The man adds swipes the plaster on the wall then gets more and adds it .	who adds swipes the plaster on the wall then gets more and adds it ?	man
6605	The man gets more plaster and swipes it on the wall .	who gets more plaster and swipes it on the wall ?	man
6606	The man then walks and turns off the camera .	who then walks and turns off the camera ?	man
6606	The man then walks and turns off the camera .	what does the man then turn off ?	camera
6609	A large cliff is seen near the ocean .	what is seen near the ocean ?	cliff
6610	Several boats are nearby , and people are kayaking through the area .	what are nearby , and people are kayaking through the area ?	boats
6611	A man is rappeling up the side of the cliff .	who is rappeling up the side of the cliff ?	man
6613	A man demonstrates Tai Chi combat with other person .	who demonstrates tai chi combat with other person ?	man
6614	The man performs Tai Chi while talking , then he shows the movements with the man .	who performs tai chi while talking , then he shows the movements with the man ?	man
6615	After , the man moves the body and the hands while explaining .	who does after , move the body and the hands while explaining ?	man
6616	A pair of shoes is on the floor , and a man wearing socks stands behind them .	who is the pair of shoes on the floor , and wearing socks stands behind them ?	man
6616	A pair of shoes is on the floor , and a man wearing socks stands behind them .	the pair of shoes is on the floor , and a man wearing what stands behind them ?	socks
6620	A woman washes items by a container in the rain while other individuals stand around .	who washes items by a container in the rain while other individuals stand around ?	woman
6622	A woman is seen standing on a piece of exercise equipment and moving herself around .	who is seen standing on the piece of exercise equipment and moving herself around ?	woman
6623	The woman moves her feet on the machine as well as showing how the machine works .	who moves her feet on the machine as well as showing how the machine works ?	woman
6624	Another man is seen exercising and ends with text on the screen .	who is seen exercising and ends with text on the screen ?	man
6625	A woman is seen sitting in a chair looking down with others beside her .	who is seen sitting in the chair looking down with others beside her ?	woman
6626	The camera pans all around the people sitting and leads to one putting an objects on his leg .	what pans all around the people sitting and leads to one putting an objects on his leg ?	camera
6628	A police officer spins around while dancing .	who spins around while dancing ?	officer
6629	The boy does a hand stand .	who does the hand stand ?	boy
6630	The police officer does a disco John Travolta dance .	who does the disco john travolta dance ?	officer
6631	The police officer does a break dancing routine .	who does the break dancing routine ?	officer
6635	A man is standing in front of a net .	who is standing in front of a net ?	man
6636	A man is standing in front of a wood fence .	who is standing in front of a wood fence ?	man
6638	A young child is shown rubbing glitter all over his lips and walking over to a mirror .	who is shown rubbing glitter all over his lips and walking over to a mirror ?	child
6643	Next he shows the buckets close up and begins to describe how to use the buckets .	what does next he show close up ?	buckets
6645	One man in blue shorts is kicking the kicking pad worn by the other man in black shorts .	how many man in blue shorts is kicking the kicking pad worn by the other man in black shorts ?	one
6645	One man in blue shorts is kicking the kicking pad worn by the other man in black shorts .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
6645	One man in blue shorts is kicking the kicking pad worn by the other man in black shorts .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
6646	Two men that are barechested are boxing each other outside the boxing ring .	how many men that are barechested are boxing each other outside the boxing ring ?	two
6647	A man drives in circles a four wheels motorcycle in a field with high weeds while dust .	who drives in circles the four wheels motorcycle in a field with high weeds while dust ?	man
6648	Then , the man goes to another place to continue driving in circles .	who does then , go to another place to continue driving in circles ?	man
6649	Two people are seen sitting in front of cameras playing instruments while the camera zooms in .	how many people are seen sitting in front of cameras playing instruments while the camera zooms in ?	two
6650	The man then sings to the camera while playing his instrument and speaks to the camera , ending with the two playing again .	who then sings to the camera while playing his instrument and speaks to the camera , ending with the two playing again ?	man
6651	There is man wearing a blue shirt and another man in black seated on a rock , talking about rock climbing .	who is there wearing a blue shirt and another man in black seated on a rock , talking about rock climbing ?	man
6651	There is man wearing a blue shirt and another man in black seated on a rock , talking about rock climbing .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
6651	There is man wearing a blue shirt and another man in black seated on a rock , talking about rock climbing .	what is the color of the man ?	black
6654	He is also showing tight rope walking from one end to another .	what is he also showing walking from one end to another ?	rope
6655	Then the person in black also walks on a tight rope .	what is the color of the person ?	black
6656	a boy is inside a gym .	who is inside the gym ?	boy
6657	He lifts a barbell up to his chest .	what does he lift up to his chest ?	barbell
6662	One woman tries to laugh and is successful in not spitting it up .	who tries to laugh and is successful in not spitting it up ?	woman
6662	One woman tries to laugh and is successful in not spitting it up .	how many woman tries to laugh and is successful in not spitting it up ?	one
6663	Several bodies of water are shown and a man appears paddling a small boat .	who are several bodies of water shown and appears paddling a small boat ?	man
6666	A person leads a large dog on a leash back and fourth on a hard wood floor .	what does the person lead on a leash back ?	dog
6667	The dog drags the woman person around behind him and looks out the door and smiles .	what drags the woman person around behind him and looks out the door and smiles ?	dog
6667	The dog drags the woman person around behind him and looks out the door and smiles .	who does the dog drag around behind him ?	person
6667	The dog drags the woman person around behind him and looks out the door and smiles .	the dog looks out what and smiles ?	door
6668	Two people are horseback riding on a snowy trail .	how many people are horseback riding on the snowy trail ?	two
6671	We see a lady slowly playing a drum .	who do we see slowly playing a drum ?	lady
6671	We see a lady slowly playing a drum .	we see a lady slowly playing what ?	drum
6672	We pan right and see a man on drums .	who do we see on drums ?	man
6674	The lady stops drumming and shows her hands .	who stops drumming and shows her hands ?	lady
6675	We then see the camera operator .	what do we then see ?	operator
6676	The lady and the boy in orange struggle over an instrument .	what is the color of the struggle ?	orange
6677	The lady pretends to bite the boy , then laughs .	who pretends to bite the boy , then laughs ?	lady
6679	hockey players are getting out the dressers to a field .	what are hockey players getting out to a field ?	dressers
6681	mani s welding something in a dark room and the players are in the court playing .	where does mani s welding something and the players are in the court playing . ?	room
6684	A person in a red shirt starts running towards them .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
6685	A woman is holding a black cat snuggled in a purple blanket .	who is holding the black cat snuggled in a purple blanket ?	woman
6685	A woman is holding a black cat snuggled in a purple blanket .	what is the woman holding snuggled in a purple blanket ?	cat
6685	A woman is holding a black cat snuggled in a purple blanket .	what is the color of the cat ?	black
6685	A woman is holding a black cat snuggled in a purple blanket .	what is the color of the blanket ?	purple
6686	The cat is meowing as the woman holds her paws .	what is meowing as the woman holds her paws ?	cat
6688	The cat meows loudly in pain and the woman kisses the cat to calm her down .	what meows loudly in pain and the woman kisses the cat to calm her down ?	cat
6688	The cat meows loudly in pain and the woman kisses the cat to calm her down .	what does the cat meow loudly in pain and the woman kisses ?	cat
6689	The man continues to clip the cat 's nails as the woman cajoles the cat and kisses the cat 's ears .	who continues to clip the cat 's nails as the woman cajoles the cat and kisses the cat 's ears ?	man
6690	The man continues clipping the nails until he 's done .	who continues clipping the nails until he 's done ?	man
6691	A little girl is sitting in a rocking chair .	who is sitting in the rocking chair ?	girl
6691	A little girl is sitting in a rocking chair .	where is the little girl sitting . ?	chair
6695	The camera captures several angles of the people riding along a bike track and interviewing them in between shots .	what captures several angles of the people riding along a bike track and interviewing them in between shots ?	camera
6698	The woman in polka dots is sitting on the ground and showing her pants .	what is the woman in polka dots sitting on the ground and showing ?	pants
6699	The young girl is pointing on to something and waving at the camera .	who is pointing on to something and waving at the camera ?	girl
6700	Three men are seen sitting on the ground speaking to one another and leading into them riding down a road .	how many men are seen sitting on the ground speaking to one another and leading into them riding down a road ?	three
6703	Several tools are shown are then shown on cats and them laying down being pet .	what are then shown on cats and them laying down being pet ?	tools
6704	A man is running down a street .	who is running down the street ?	man
6705	A white car is right behind him on the street .	what is right behind him on the street ?	car
6705	A white car is right behind him on the street .	what is the color of the car ?	white
6706	People are riding bicycles next to him .	what are people riding next to him ?	bicycles
6708	Several ingredients are laid out and shown close up one by one while the woman mixes them all together in a bowl .	what are laid out and shown close up one by one while the woman mixes them all together in a bowl ?	ingredients
6708	Several ingredients are laid out and shown close up one by one while the woman mixes them all together in a bowl .	where are several ingredients laid out and shown close up one by one while the woman mixes them . ?	bowl
6710	A camera shows a closet that pans into two girls seen riding on an elliptical .	what shows the closet that pans into two girls seen riding on an elliptical ?	camera
6710	A camera shows a closet that pans into two girls seen riding on an elliptical .	what does the camera show ?	closet
6711	One girl moves up and down on the machine while the other hangs on in front , leading to them jumping and speaking to the camera hiding in the closet .	who moves up and down on the machine while the other hangs on in front , leading to them jumping and speaking to the camera hiding in the closet ?	girl
6711	One girl moves up and down on the machine while the other hangs on in front , leading to them jumping and speaking to the camera hiding in the closet .	how many girl moves up and down on the machine while the other hangs on in front , leading to them jumping and speaking to the camera hiding in the closet ?	one
6713	A man is then shown wearing scubba gear and giving various hand signals to the camera .	who is then shown wearing scubba gear and giving various hand signals to the camera ?	man
6716	A small child is shown playing drums while a group of people behind him watch and smile .	who is shown playing drums while a group of people behind him watch and smile ?	child
6717	The boy continues to play the drums and a baby in the arms of a man behind him climbs off his lap .	who continues to play the drums and a baby in the arms of a man behind him climbs off his lap ?	boy
6721	A person is peeling a sticker off of a white shoe .	what is the color of the shoe ?	white
6723	A person takes out cheese from a box , then he takes a jar that puts on the counter with two napkins , then he opens the fridge .	that does the person take out cheese from a box , then he takes a jar puts on the counter with two napkins , then he opens what ?	fridge
6724	A man puts water on his face while holding a pail , then takes a sponge and throws over the table .	who puts water on his face while holding a pail , then takes a sponge and throws over the table ?	man
6725	The person puts two bottles and two slices of bread on the table , then he slices the cheese .	what does the person put two bottles and two slices of bread on the table , then he slices ?	cheese
6728	Two men in full fencing gear begin fighting .	how many men in full fencing gear begin fighting ?	two
6731	A man is shown holding a long trimmer .	who is shown holding the long trimmer ?	man
6732	He uses the trimmer to weedeat the bushes .	who does he use ?	trimmer
6733	Leaves fall to the ground in droves as he trims .	what fall to the ground in droves as he trims ?	leaves
6734	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
6737	A kids walks over to the truck where a lady is cooking hot dogs in the truck bed full of food .	who walks over to the truck where a lady is cooking hot dogs in the truck bed full of food ?	kids
6738	We see a title screen and see frozen fish sitting in the snow .	what do we see ?	screen
6738	We see a title screen and see frozen fish sitting in the snow .	what do we see in the snow ?	fish
6740	A group of members in green uniforms walks waving flags .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	green
6744	The man climbs onto the park equipment with the little girl .	who climbs onto the park equipment with the little girl ?	man
6745	A woman and young boy are shown smiling and washing their hands in the sink when the woman begins washing his face .	where are the woman and young boy shown smiling and washing their hands when the woman begins washing his face . ?	sink
6746	The boy smiles with the woman washing his face and the woman dries his face off with a paper towel .	who smiles with the woman washing his face and the woman dries his face off with a paper towel ?	boy
6746	The boy smiles with the woman washing his face and the woman dries his face off with a paper towel .	who does the boy smile with the woman washing his face and dries his face off with a paper towel ?	woman
6747	A view is seen of a pool table , balls being triangled , and numerous people shooting the balls into the corner pockets during a competition .	what is the view seen of a pool table , balls being triangled , and numerous people shooting into the corner pockets during a competition ?	balls
6748	A woman walks around holding a scorecard as they play .	who walks around holding the scorecard as they play ?	woman
6749	People are driving bumper cars on a brown floor .	what are people driving on a brown floor ?	cars
6749	People are driving bumper cars on a brown floor .	what is the color of the floor ?	brown
6750	The bumper cars collide with each other .	what collide with each other ?	cars
6751	A girl laughs out loud .	who laughs out loud ?	girl
6752	A bunch of people ride camels .	what do the bunch of people ride ?	camels
6753	The camel gets down and kneels .	what gets down and kneels ?	camel
6757	The little girl stands and looks behind her .	who stands and looks behind her ?	girl
6758	A boy is building a sandcastle near the edge of the ocean .	who is building the sandcastle near the edge of the ocean ?	boy
6759	He forms huge circles and stands up .	what does he form ?	circles
6762	An athlete wearing a white shirt and red shorts is running with a javelin in his hand in a stadium with several spectators .	who is wearing a white shirt and red shorts is running with a javelin in his hand in a stadium with several spectators ?	athlete
6762	An athlete wearing a white shirt and red shorts is running with a javelin in his hand in a stadium with several spectators .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
6762	An athlete wearing a white shirt and red shorts is running with a javelin in his hand in a stadium with several spectators .	what is the color of the shorts ?	red
6763	There is a person seated on a white bench wearing a blue uniform , tying his shoelaces .	what is the color of the bench ?	white
6763	There is a person seated on a white bench wearing a blue uniform , tying his shoelaces .	what is the color of the uniform ?	blue
6764	The javelin thrower runs and throws the javelin and falls to the ground .	who runs and throws the javelin and falls to the ground ?	thrower
6770	A coach takes notes , and then players train lacrosse .	who takes notes , and then players train lacrosse ?	coach
6771	Then two teams play lacrosse in a field throwing the call with a stick .	how many teams do then play lacrosse in the field throwing the call with a stick ?	two
6772	A man walks through his yard and retrieves a push leaf blower .	who walks through his yard and retrieves a push leaf blower ?	man
6772	A man walks through his yard and retrieves a push leaf blower .	what does the man retrieve push ?	blower
6773	The man walks the blower around the yard and blows leaves to the side .	who walks the blower around the yard and blows leaves to the side ?	man
6774	The man finishes and pushes the leaf blower beside the fence with the other machinery then walks away .	who finishes and pushes the leaf blower beside the fence with the other machinery then walks away ?	man
6774	The man finishes and pushes the leaf blower beside the fence with the other machinery then walks away .	what does the man push beside the fence with the other machinery ?	blower
6775	A person in a black coat is shoveling show from a driveway .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
6776	A man is being shown standing in a garage .	who is being shown standing in the garage ?	man
6776	A man is being shown standing in a garage .	where is the man being shown standing . ?	garage
6778	Girl in black shoots and score goal .	what is the color of the shoots ?	black
6779	Teammates congratulate the girl in black for the goal .	who congratulate the girl in black for the goal ?	teammates
6779	Teammates congratulate the girl in black for the goal .	who do teammates congratulate in black for the goal ?	girl
6779	Teammates congratulate the girl in black for the goal .	what is the color of the girl ?	black
6781	Girl in black runs after the ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	black
6782	Girl in black hits the ball to her teammate .	what does girl in black hit to her teammate ?	ball
6782	Girl in black hits the ball to her teammate .	what is the color of the ball ?	black
6783	Girls run after the ball .	who run after the ball ?	girls
6784	A man is sitting in a room with two congas in between his legs .	who is sitting in the room with two congas in between his legs ?	man
6786	His whole face appears in the frame and you can see him bobbing his head and focusing more on his sound .	where does his whole face appear and you can see him bobbing his head and focusing more on his sound . ?	frame
6788	The dog brings it back and the girl throws the object several more times , with the dog chaseing and coming back each time .	what brings it back and the girl throws the object several more times , with the dog chaseing and coming back each time ?	dog
6788	The dog brings it back and the girl throws the object several more times , with the dog chaseing and coming back each time .	who does the dog bring it back and throws the object several more times , with the dog chaseing and coming back each time ?	girl
6790	The lady puts contents of a bottle in her palms , and the lady rubs it on her face .	who puts contents of a bottle in her palms , and the lady rubs it on her face ?	lady
6790	The lady puts contents of a bottle in her palms , and the lady rubs it on her face .	who does the lady put contents of a bottle in her palms , and rubs it on her face ?	lady
6791	The lady makes funny faces .	who makes funny faces ?	lady
6792	The lady washes her face .	who washes her face ?	lady
6793	The lady towel dries her face .	what dries her face ?	towel
6794	The lady puts spots of white lotion on her face and rubs it in .	who puts spots of white lotion on her face and rubs it in ?	lady
6794	The lady puts spots of white lotion on her face and rubs it in .	what is the color of the lotion ?	white
6795	The lady presents a small tube product .	who presents the small tube product ?	lady
6795	The lady presents a small tube product .	what does the lady present ?	product
6798	The young person then does a 360 flip in the water and keeps going and shortly after , he does another trick .	how many flip does the young person then do in the water ?	360
6801	Next , a snowboarder is shown and then they young person comes back with a still image of him and his awards .	who is next , shown and then they young person comes back with a still image of him and his awards ?	snowboarder
6802	three women are standing in a park in a field doing yoga .	who are standing in the park in a field doing yoga ?	women
6802	three women are standing in a park in a field doing yoga .	how many women are standing in the park in a field doing yoga ?	three
6803	man is running in the park behind the women .	who is running in the park behind the women ?	man
6804	an old man is walking fast in the park .	who is walking fast in the park ?	man
6805	A man is seen holding onto a pair of shoes while speaking to the camera and spraying them down .	who is seen holding onto the pair of shoes while speaking to the camera and spraying them down ?	man
6806	The man scrubs the shoes down with a rag while continuing to speak to the camera .	who scrubs the shoes down with a rag while continuing to speak to the camera ?	man
6812	The kids move up and down in between poles while still kicking the ball .	who move up and down in between poles while still kicking the ball ?	kids
6813	The kids are then shown kicking balls into a goal one after the other .	who are then shown kicking balls into a goal one after the other ?	kids
6814	Four bikers at the start of the line are wearing different colors of uniforms and helmets , they are about to get start the race .	how many bikers at the start of the line are wearing different colors of uniforms and helmets ?	four
6815	A camera pans around a dresser followed by several objects and ingredients being shown to the camera .	what pans around the dresser followed by several objects and ingredients being shown to the camera ?	camera
6816	A woman is then seen painting the dresser with several coats and sanding it down .	who is then seen painting the dresser with several coats and sanding it down ?	woman
6817	She places the pieces together and ends by smiling to the camera .	what does she place together ?	pieces
6820	A spinning logo with a purple background then text are seen on the screen .	what is the color of the background ?	purple
6821	A woman in blue dress plays a drum set in a studio .	what is the color of the dress ?	blue
6821	A woman in blue dress plays a drum set in a studio .	where does the woman in blue dress play a drum set . ?	studio
6822	The video opens with the host using purple nail tape to create a pattern , slowly applying and making sure it is straight .	what is the color of the tape ?	purple
6823	Next a matte coat is applied over the nail and tape .	what is next applied over the nail and tape ?	coat
6824	The tape is gently peeled off the nail , and a top coat is applied to the intersection of lines .	what is gently peeled off the nail , and a top coat is applied to the intersection of lines ?	tape
6824	The tape is gently peeled off the nail , and a top coat is applied to the intersection of lines .	what is the tape gently peeled off the nail , and is applied to the intersection of lines ?	coat
6825	Next , a micro bead is placed where the lines meet .	what is next , placed where the lines meet ?	bead
6826	The next nail project features a white painted nail and host makes two black C 's to mimic the Chanel logo .	how many black c does the next nail project feature a white painted nail and host makes 's to mimic the chanel logo ?	two
6826	The next nail project features a white painted nail and host makes two black C 's to mimic the Chanel logo .	what is the color of the nail ?	white
6826	The next nail project features a white painted nail and host makes two black C 's to mimic the Chanel logo .	what is the color of the c ?	black
6828	Finally a matte top coat is applied to finish it off .	what is finally applied to finish it off ?	coat
6829	A chef is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding a board followed by cutting up dough .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding a board followed by cutting up dough ?	chef
6830	The man peels the dough pieces with a machine and lays them flat to roll out dough .	who peels the dough pieces with a machine and lays them flat to roll out dough ?	man
6830	The man peels the dough pieces with a machine and lays them flat to roll out dough .	what does the man peel with a machine ?	pieces
6831	The man then rolls out the flattened dough and shows off his finished pasta .	who then rolls out the flattened dough and shows off his finished pasta ?	man
6831	The man then rolls out the flattened dough and shows off his finished pasta .	what does the man then roll out ?	dough
6831	The man then rolls out the flattened dough and shows off his finished pasta .	what does the man then show off ?	pasta
6835	A woman is sitting in a chair knitting .	who is sitting in the chair knitting ?	woman
6846	A comedian is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a bull running into a pit and various clips of men fighting bulls .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a bull running into a pit and various clips of men fighting bulls ?	comedian
6848	Two people are seen standing at the bottom of a snowy hill speaking to one another when a person comes riding down on a tube .	how many people are seen standing at the bottom of a snowy hill speaking to one another when a person comes riding down on a tube ?	two
6850	A woman is talking inside an office to the camera while displaying sign language .	who is talking inside an office to the camera while displaying sign language ?	woman
6851	Two hands appear , demonstrating several signs indicating the rock , paper , scissors game .	how many hands appear , demonstrating several signs indicating the rock , paper , scissors game ?	two
6852	The woman continues talking about the game , then it shows several clips of various people using the game to win or make decisions .	who continues talking about the game , then it shows several clips of various people using the game to win or make decisions ?	woman
6855	A woman bakes a round cake , frosting it and surrounding it by chocolate bars .	who bakes the round cake , frosting it and surrounding it by chocolate bars ?	woman
6855	A woman bakes a round cake , frosting it and surrounding it by chocolate bars .	what does the woman bake , ?	cake
6857	She prepares the bags , making them look neat before sprinkling the candies onto the top of the cake , completely covering it .	what does she prepare , ?	bags
6859	She then balances the bags atop the sticks .	what does she then balance atop the sticks ?	bags
6861	The camera zooms out and the people begin to play the game , tossing the ball back and forth to each other .	what zooms out and the people begin to play the game , tossing the ball back and forth to each other ?	camera
6862	A man is seen standing before a hedge holding onto a tool .	who is seen standing before the hedge holding onto a tool ?	man
6863	The man uses the tool all along the hedge while trimming the top .	who uses the tool all along the hedge while trimming the top ?	man
6863	The man uses the tool all along the hedge while trimming the top .	what does the man use all along the hedge while trimming the top ?	tool
6867	Two men are sumo wrestling on a ring .	how many men are sumo wrestling on a ring ?	two
6868	A man in a robe is standing behind them .	where is the man standing behind them . ?	robe
6869	A man trips and falls into the audience .	who trips and falls into the audience ?	man
6873	One croquet goal is accomplished on the grass by one player in brown shoes and a blue pants in the final clip .	how many croquet goal is accomplished on the grass by one player in brown shoes and a blue pants in the final clip ?	one
6873	One croquet goal is accomplished on the grass by one player in brown shoes and a blue pants in the final clip .	what is the color of the shoes ?	brown
6873	One croquet goal is accomplished on the grass by one player in brown shoes and a blue pants in the final clip .	what is the color of the pants ?	blue
6874	A measuring tape is shown up close .	what is measuring shown up close ?	tape
6875	We see a track person preparing to run .	what do we see preparing to run ?	person
6879	A lady sits in a tub and rubs her legs with water while wearing an exfoliater glove .	who sits in the tub and rubs her legs with water while wearing an exfoliater glove ?	lady
6879	A lady sits in a tub and rubs her legs with water while wearing an exfoliater glove .	where does the lady sit . ?	tub
6880	The camera zooms out and we see it 's a set with camera equipment around .	what zooms out and we see it 's a set with camera equipment around ?	camera
6881	The lady then shaves her legs with an electric shaver .	who then shaves her legs with an electric shaver ?	lady
6882	We see the lady smile and continue to shave her legs .	who do we see ?	smile
6883	A man is shown talking to the camera while walking slowly onto the field with a group of players .	who is shown talking to the camera while walking slowly onto the field with a group of players ?	man
6885	The athletes prepare themselves for the match and are shown playing out on the field .	who prepare themselves for the match and are shown playing out on the field ?	athletes
6889	She puts the bottle down on the sink and walks away .	what does she put down on the sink ?	bottle
6890	A small group of people are seen swimming in a pool and leads into various clips of children learning how to swim .	where are the small group of people seen swimming . ?	pool
6891	A man helps them practice in the water as well as jumping off a diving board .	who helps them practice in the water as well as jumping off a diving board ?	man
6893	The man with black apron is brushing the counter .	what is the man with black apron brushing ?	counter
6893	The man with black apron is brushing the counter .	what is the color of the apron ?	black
6895	The man put polish on the board and continue to scrape and brush the board .	who put polish on the board and continue to scrape and brush the board ?	man
6899	The man pushes the leaves around the yard .	who pushes the leaves around the yard ?	man
6899	The man pushes the leaves around the yard .	what does the man push around the yard ?	leaves
6900	The man holds up the leaves and speaks to the camera .	who holds up the leaves and speaks to the camera ?	man
6900	The man holds up the leaves and speaks to the camera .	what does the man hold up ?	leaves
6903	man sart cleaning he snow from the driver 's window and the back window .	who sart cleaning he snow from the driver 's window and the back window ?	man
6906	The crowd watches the person dive .	what does the crowd watch ?	dive
6907	A man wearing a coach shirt is standing while a female gymnast turns flips on a beam .	who is wearing a coach shirt is standing while a female gymnast turns flips on a beam ?	man
6907	A man wearing a coach shirt is standing while a female gymnast turns flips on a beam .	the man wearing what is standing while a female gymnast turns flips on a beam ?	shirt
6910	A man is shown mountain climbing up the side of a cliff .	who is shown mountain climbing up the side of a cliff ?	man
6910	A man is shown mountain climbing up the side of a cliff .	what is the man shown ?	mountain
6911	man is mopping the floor in a laundry room .	who is mopping the floor in a laundry room ?	man
6911	man is mopping the floor in a laundry room .	where is man mopping the floor . ?	room
6912	man squeeze out the mop in a bucket .	where do man squeeze out the mop . ?	bucket
6913	A woman shows a little girl to turn a handle , then , the little girl peels an orange spinning the handle of the machine .	who shows the little girl to turn a handle , then , the little girl peels an orange spinning the handle of the machine ?	woman
6913	A woman shows a little girl to turn a handle , then , the little girl peels an orange spinning the handle of the machine .	who does the woman show , the little girl peels an orange spinning the handle of the machine ?	girl
6914	The handle gets stuck and the woman tries to help the girl .	what gets stuck and the woman tries to help the girl ?	handle
6914	The handle gets stuck and the woman tries to help the girl .	who does the handle get stuck and tries to help the girl ?	woman
6915	After , the girl continues turning the handle to peel the orange .	who does after , continue turning the handle to peel the orange ?	girl
6918	people are riding camels in the sand , the camel kneel down and the man and the woman go down .	what are people riding camels in the sand , kneel down and the man and the woman go down ?	camel
6920	men go on a camel and the camel stands up .	what do men go on a camel and stands up ?	camel
6921	A man is climbing up a mountain trying to find the right spots to pull himself up .	who is climbing up the mountain trying to find the right spots to pull himself up ?	man
6921	A man is climbing up a mountain trying to find the right spots to pull himself up .	what is the man climbing up trying to find the right spots to pull himself up ?	mountain
6925	A man in a black shirt and white gloves places billiard balls on a pool table .	what does the man in a black shirt and white gloves place on a pool table ?	balls
6925	A man in a black shirt and white gloves places billiard balls on a pool table .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
6925	A man in a black shirt and white gloves places billiard balls on a pool table .	what is the color of the gloves ?	white
6926	A man with a light blue shirt inspects the position of the billiard balls up close .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
6927	The man in the light blue shirt gets into position with the cue stick and breaks the billiards balls and the balls go in many directions .	what does the man in the light blue shirt break and the balls go in many directions ?	balls
6927	The man in the light blue shirt gets into position with the cue stick and breaks the billiards balls and the balls go in many directions .	the man in the light blue shirt gets into position with the cue stick and breaks the billiards balls and what go in many directions ?	balls
6927	The man in the light blue shirt gets into position with the cue stick and breaks the billiards balls and the balls go in many directions .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
6928	The man in the black shirt returns and inspects the table and then steps back .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
6929	The man in the light blue shirt prepares for his next shot by walking from one side of the billiard table to the other looking for his next shot .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
6932	The coach is coaching his team .	who is coaching his team ?	coach
6933	The guy in the black in the back walks off .	what is the color of the guy ?	black
6934	The coach is then speaking to the parents .	who is then speaking to the parents ?	coach
6935	two new guys arrive in the back .	who arrive in the back ?	guys
6935	two new guys arrive in the back .	how many new guys arrive in the back ?	two
6936	The coach is on the field with the teams .	who is on the field with the teams ?	coach
6937	the yellow bus drives past .	what is the color of the bus ?	yellow
6938	the red team is listening to the coach .	what is the color of the team ?	red
6939	The kids are playing the game .	who are playing the game ?	kids
6940	The kids are listening to the coach .	who are listening to the coach ?	kids
6942	A white bus drives past .	what is the color of the bus ?	white
6943	The word Surfer is on the screen .	who is on the screen ?	surfer
6944	A surfer is taking to the camera .	who is taking to the camera ?	surfer
6945	A surfer is walking on the beach .	who is walking on the beach ?	surfer
6946	A man is surfing in the water while the man is taking again .	who is surfing in the water while the man is taking again ?	man
6948	Several surfers are in the water and the man is still being interviewed .	who are in the water and the man is still being interviewed ?	surfers
6948	Several surfers are in the water and the man is still being interviewed .	who are several surfers in the water and is still being interviewed ?	man
6950	A young girl stands on top of the trampoline in preparation to jump .	who stands on top of the trampoline in preparation to jump ?	girl
6952	She then jumps to the padded area and throws up her hands , and a man gives her a hug .	she then jumps to the padded area and throws up her hands , and who gives her a hug ?	man
6953	Two people are seen sitting before a wave pool and one leads another out onto the water on a board .	how many people are seen sitting before the wave pool and one leads another out onto the water on a board ?	two
6955	The person continues riding along the water and ends with the camera panning around the area and the boy falls .	the person continues and ends with the camera panning around the area and who falls ?	boy
6958	A small blue bottle of the sun screen is then shown and several more people begin talking about the product .	what is the color of the bottle ?	blue
6960	A young boy holds a dish scrub as he speaks .	who holds the dish scrub as he speaks ?	boy
6960	A young boy holds a dish scrub as he speaks .	what does the young boy hold ?	scrub
6963	He grabs a towel and cleans the glass and moves on to scrub the glass as well .	what does he grab ?	towel
6968	He moves the fork to the water to rinse soap off it .	what does he move to the water to rinse soap off it ?	fork
6969	The young boy stands in front of camera , speaking .	who stands in front of camera , speaking ?	boy
6970	Two girls are seen speaking to the camera while holding cups in their hands and laughing to one another .	who are seen speaking to the camera while holding cups in their hands and laughing to one another ?	girls
6970	Two girls are seen speaking to the camera while holding cups in their hands and laughing to one another .	how many girls are seen speaking to the camera while holding cups in their hands and laughing to one another ?	two
6971	The camera zooms in on the cups and the girl continue laughing while finally drinking from the cup .	what zooms in on the cups and the girl continue laughing while finally drinking from the cup ?	camera
6971	The camera zooms in on the cups and the girl continue laughing while finally drinking from the cup .	who does the camera zoom in on the cups and continue laughing while finally drinking from the cup ?	girl
6973	A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as bowing to the camera .	who is seen speaking to the camera as well as bowing to the camera ?	man
6974	The man kneels down on his knees several times and bows again .	who kneels down on his knees several times and bows again ?	man
6976	Before an Olympic weight lifting event , a Chinese competitor is shown preparing by working out in a gym .	who is before an olympic weight lifting event , shown preparing by working out in a gym ?	competitor
6979	Various successful lifts are shown and the competitor hugs his trainer .	who are various successful lifts shown and hugs his trainer ?	competitor
6979	Various successful lifts are shown and the competitor hugs his trainer .	who are various successful lifts shown and the competitor hugs ?	trainer
6980	A girl with long blond hair , wearing a blue robe is doing a tutorial on how to use hot rollers in her hair .	what is the girl with long blond hair , wearing is doing a tutorial on how to use hot rollers in her hair ?	robe
6980	A girl with long blond hair , wearing a blue robe is doing a tutorial on how to use hot rollers in her hair .	what is the color of the robe ?	blue
6981	There is another woman wearing white who is demonstrating how to section out her hair and start putting the rollers in the her one by one .	who is there wearing white who is demonstrating how to section out her hair and start putting the rollers in the her one by one ?	woman
6981	There is another woman wearing white who is demonstrating how to section out her hair and start putting the rollers in the her one by one .	what is the color of the woman ?	white
6986	A woman is seen hosting a news segment speaking to the camera and transitions into a group of men walking in a straight line .	who is seen hosting the news segment speaking to the camera and transitions into a group of men walking in a straight line ?	woman
6987	The people then perform in front of a large group of people and one performer is interviewed in between .	who do the people then perform in front of a large group of people and is interviewed in between ?	performer
6987	The people then perform in front of a large group of people and one performer is interviewed in between .	how many performer is interviewed in between ?	one
6988	The news segment then begins talking to other people in the studio who give their opinions and ends with the host laughing and smiling .	what then begins talking to other people in the studio who give their opinions and ends with the host laughing and smiling ?	segment
6991	A scuba diver is swimming through the water on a video game .	who is swimming through the water on a video game ?	diver
6998	An older woman is shown talking to the camera and begins knitting on a couch .	who is shown talking to the camera and begins knitting on a couch ?	woman
7000	She shows off her sweater and finally puts her knitting gear down .	what does she show off ?	sweater
7000	She shows off her sweater and finally puts her knitting gear down .	she finally puts what down ?	gear
7001	There 's a young boy standing in his kitchen with a jug of water , some lemons and some apples behind him on the counter .	who does there 's standing in his kitchen with a jug of water , some lemons and some apples behind him on the counter ?	boy
7003	His mother comes and helps him squeeze the juice out of the lemons .	who comes and helps him squeeze the juice out of the lemons ?	mother
7004	Both the mother and son use a lemon juicer to squeeze the juice and add it to the jug of water .	who do both the mother and son use ?	juicer
7005	The mother makes sure that all the juice is properly squeezed out of the lemons , so she uses her hands .	who makes sure that all the juice is properly squeezed out of the lemons , so she uses her hands ?	mother
7006	Then she adds some food coloring to the lemonade and stirs it well .	what does then she add to the lemonade ?	coloring
7007	She then pours the lemonade in a glass with ice and gives it to her son .	what does she then pour in a glass with ice ?	lemonade
7009	A man wearing a black vest holds white disc 's in his hand while a border collie stands in front of him .	who is wearing a black vest holds white disc 's in his hand while a border collie stands in front of him ?	man
7009	A man wearing a black vest holds white disc 's in his hand while a border collie stands in front of him .	the man wearing what holds white disc 's in his hand while a border collie stands in front of him ?	vest
7009	A man wearing a black vest holds white disc 's in his hand while a border collie stands in front of him .	what is the color of the vest ?	black
7009	A man wearing a black vest holds white disc 's in his hand while a border collie stands in front of him .	what is the color of the disc ?	white
7010	The man steps froward and slaps the white discs on his thigh .	what froward and slaps the white discs on his thigh ?	steps
7010	The man steps froward and slaps the white discs on his thigh .	what does the man steps slap on his thigh ?	discs
7010	The man steps froward and slaps the white discs on his thigh .	what is the color of the discs ?	white
7011	The man steps forward switching each foot as the boarder collie runs between the mans legs .	what forward switching each foot as the boarder collie runs between the mans legs ?	steps
7012	The man taps his head with the white disc he crouches and the boarder collie jumps on his back and balances their .	who taps his head with the white disc he crouches and the boarder collie jumps on his back and balances their ?	man
7012	The man taps his head with the white disc he crouches and the boarder collie jumps on his back and balances their .	what does the man tap his head with the white disc he crouches and jumps on his back and balances their ?	collie
7012	The man taps his head with the white disc he crouches and the boarder collie jumps on his back and balances their .	what is the color of the disc ?	white
7013	The man tosses the the disc over his head and the boarder collie catches it and runs off .	who tosses the the disc over his head and the boarder collie catches it and runs off ?	man
7013	The man tosses the the disc over his head and the boarder collie catches it and runs off .	what does the man toss the the disc over his head and catches it and runs off ?	collie
7014	A woman walks over to a flower bed and wheelbarrow as she talks .	who walks over to the flower bed and wheelbarrow as she talks ?	woman
7016	Two girls are on an indoor basketball court .	who are on an indoor basketball court ?	girls
7016	Two girls are on an indoor basketball court .	how many girls are on an indoor basketball court ?	two
7017	They are performing using batons and wearing purple dresses .	what is the color of the dresses ?	purple
7020	A person wake boards on a lake while being towed .	what do the person wake on a lake while being towed ?	boards
7023	A black screen is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words .	what is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words ?	screen
7023	A black screen is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words .	what is the black screen shown with green words on it and then moves to a white paper with black words ?	screen
7023	A black screen is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7023	A black screen is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words .	what is the color of the words ?	green
7023	A black screen is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
7023	A black screen is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words .	what is the color of the words ?	black
7024	After , a green Lacrosse team appears and they begin to compete .	what is the color of the team ?	green
7025	Someone makes a goal and then the ball is placed back in the middle of the field .	what does someone make a goal and then is placed back in the middle of the field ?	ball
7027	Finally , a black screen appears and the score is shown in blue and green writing .	what does finally , appear and the score is shown in blue and green writing ?	screen
7027	Finally , a black screen appears and the score is shown in blue and green writing .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7028	A woman is seen standing in front of the camera holding onto fire .	who is seen standing in front of the camera holding onto fire ?	woman
7029	Another woman steps beside the first and the two begin performing a fire routine with one another .	who steps beside the first and the two begin performing a fire routine with one another ?	woman
7030	A man hands them objects to light and the woman continue dancing and spinning around with the fire .	who hands them objects to light and the woman continue dancing and spinning around with the fire ?	man
7030	A man hands them objects to light and the woman continue dancing and spinning around with the fire .	who does the man hand and continue dancing and spinning around with the fire ?	woman
7031	People are playing instruments marching down a street .	what are people playing ?	instruments
7033	A person holding a baton stands in front of the band .	the person holding what stands in front of the band ?	baton
7034	A man stands on the roof of a building , and two others appear .	who stands on the roof of a building , and two others appear ?	man
7034	A man stands on the roof of a building , and two others appear .	how many others appear ?	two
7035	They are flying kites in the air over the brick building .	what are they flying in the air over the brick building ?	kites
7040	The winners pose for photos with cakes when they are done .	who pose for photos with cakes when they are done ?	winners
7041	kids are driving on bumper cars spinning and bumping .	who are driving on bumper cars spinning and bumping ?	kids
7042	kid is wearing blue shirt and clash with the fence holding the handles with both hands .	who is wearing blue shirt and clash with the fence holding the handles with both hands ?	kid
7043	girl is wearing a leather jacket spining in the bumper car in the amusement car .	who is wearing the leather jacket spining in the bumper car in the amusement car ?	girl
7043	girl is wearing a leather jacket spining in the bumper car in the amusement car .	what is girl wearing spining in the bumper car in the amusement car ?	jacket
7044	There 's a young man wearing a blue shirt and a black helmet skateboarding on a two way road .	who does there 's wearing a blue shirt and a black helmet skateboarding on a two way road ?	man
7044	There 's a young man wearing a blue shirt and a black helmet skateboarding on a two way road .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
7044	There 's a young man wearing a blue shirt and a black helmet skateboarding on a two way road .	what is the color of the skateboarding ?	black
7047	He finally slows down as cameraman approaches a gray car .	what is the color of the car ?	gray
7048	The cameraman gets into the car and takes the skateboard away .	who gets into the car and takes the skateboard away ?	cameraman
7049	The skateboarder is kneeling on the side of the main road .	who is kneeling on the side of the main road ?	skateboarder
7051	We see a magazine on a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
7054	A man is running and holding a camera facing himself .	who is running and holding the camera facing himself ?	man
7054	A man is running and holding a camera facing himself .	what is the man running and holding facing himself ?	camera
7055	The man who is running is seen again .	who is seen again ?	man
7058	A man is in a lake cooling off .	who is in the lake cooling off ?	man
7059	We see the ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
7061	a man is smoothing mud over the wall .	who is smoothing mud over the wall ?	man
7063	When he is done , the wall is completely smooth .	what is , completely smooth ?	wall
7064	A young child is moving back and fourth on a swing while laughing and smiling to the camera .	who is moving back and fourth on the swing while laughing and smiling to the camera ?	child
7065	The child continues pumping their legs and then is stiff while looking off into the distance .	who continues pumping their legs and then is stiff while looking off into the distance ?	child
7066	A bunch of people are playing beer pong in different outfits .	what are the bunch of people playing in different outfits ?	pong
7067	Then people bong a beer .	what did then people bong ?	beer
7069	woman is sitting in front of a white table holding a halloween pumpkin .	who is sitting in front of a white table holding a halloween pumpkin ?	woman
7069	woman is sitting in front of a white table holding a halloween pumpkin .	what is the color of the table ?	white
7070	woman holds a knife and and cut the pumpkin head and remove all the seeds from the inside .	who holds the knife and and cut the pumpkin head and remove all the seeds from the inside ?	woman
7071	woman daw the face with black markers and open the holes on the pumpkin .	who daw the face with black markers and open the holes on the pumpkin ?	woman
7071	woman daw the face with black markers and open the holes on the pumpkin .	woman open what on the pumpkin ?	holes
7071	woman daw the face with black markers and open the holes on the pumpkin .	what is the color of the markers ?	black
7072	A man in black shirt is stalking in front of the camera , then the calendar and then drawing is shown .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
7073	A man is shown solving a rubix rube at record speed while a timer is going and a man records him .	who is shown solving the rubix rube at record speed while a timer is going and a man records him ?	man
7073	A man is shown solving a rubix rube at record speed while a timer is going and a man records him .	who is the man shown while and records him ?	man
7075	A young woman is seen looking at the camera while taking a drink and fixing her hair .	who is seen looking at the camera while taking a drink and fixing her hair ?	woman
7076	The woman then holds up a pack of cigarettes and begins smoking a cigarette .	who then holds up the pack of cigarettes and begins smoking a cigarette ?	woman
7077	The woman continuously smokes and drinks one after the other while continuing to look to the camera .	who continuously smokes and drinks one after the other while continuing to look to the camera ?	woman
7078	There are different athletes in the beginning of the video , but then 2 people are shown diving into the water while a huge crowd watches them .	how many people are then shown diving into the water while a huge crowd watches them ?	two
7079	In the end , the men 's 10m synchro platform is held .	what is in the end , held ?	platform
7081	At one point the raft flips over the men riding down the river .	what does at one point flip over the men riding down the river ?	raft
7083	A news woman is talking in a news room .	who is talking in the news room ?	woman
7083	A news woman is talking in a news room .	where is the news woman talking . ?	room
7084	Bullfighters are shown inside a ring .	who are shown inside the ring ?	bullfighters
7087	The man continues playing on the drums while the camera does n't move and ends with him hitting them once and walking away .	who continues playing on the drums while the camera does n't move and ends with him hitting them once and walking away ?	man
7088	Two people are dancing in a room .	how many people are dancing in the room ?	two
7088	Two people are dancing in a room .	where are two people dancing . ?	room
7091	A woman standing outside on the roof smoking a cigarette .	who is standing outside on the roof smoking a cigarette ?	woman
7091	A woman standing outside on the roof smoking a cigarette .	what is the woman standing outside on the roof smoking ?	cigarette
7094	She exhales one last time and then put her cigarette out on a wall .	she then put what out on a wall ?	cigarette
7094	She exhales one last time and then put her cigarette out on a wall .	how many last time does she exhale ?	one
7098	A man is seen standing before a kitchen sink and washing dishes in his hands .	who is seen standing before the kitchen sink and washing dishes in his hands ?	man
7099	The man then cleans the dishes and puts them away , then looking over upset to see more dishes .	who then cleans the dishes and puts them away , then looking over upset to see more dishes ?	man
7099	The man then cleans the dishes and puts them away , then looking over upset to see more dishes .	what does the man then clean ?	dishes
7100	A groups of students exercise and cheers on a competition , then boys wearing red t-shirt throw bowling balls and throw all the pins and celebrates .	who do the groups of students exercise and cheers on a competition , then wearing red t-shirt throw bowling balls and throw all the pins and celebrates ?	boys
7100	A groups of students exercise and cheers on a competition , then boys wearing red t-shirt throw bowling balls and throw all the pins and celebrates .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	red
7101	Then , young people wearing green t-shirts are successful playing bowling .	then , young people wearing what are successful playing bowling ?	t-shirts
7101	Then , young people wearing green t-shirts are successful playing bowling .	what is the color of the t-shirts ?	green
7102	After , girls play bowling who throw all the pins with the bowling bowl .	who do after , play bowling who throw all the pins with the bowling bowl ?	girls
7104	A woman is speaking to a webcam in her bedroom .	who is speaking to the webcam in her bedroom ?	woman
7110	A man is standing in front of a white screen .	who is standing in front of a white screen ?	man
7110	A man is standing in front of a white screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
7113	A little girl plays softly the drums holding two sticks while she is singing on a microphone .	who plays softly the drums holding two sticks while she is singing on a microphone ?	girl
7113	A little girl plays softly the drums holding two sticks while she is singing on a microphone .	what does the little girl play softly holding two sticks while she is singing on a microphone ?	drums
7114	The , the girl plays more fast the drums .	what does the , the girl play more fast ?	drums
7116	the lady also rides a one wheel bike while hula hooping .	who also rides the one wheel bike while hula hooping ?	lady
7116	the lady also rides a one wheel bike while hula hooping .	how many wheel bike does the lady also rid while hula hooping ?	one
7117	the girl then hula hoops while standing on a mat then hula hoops with two hula hoops standing in the same spot .	who then hula hoops while standing on a mat then hula hoops with two hula hoops standing in the same spot ?	girl
7118	the girl then hula hoops hanging upside down , she also hula hoops around her hand while doing a split on a mat .	who then hula hoops hanging upside down , she also hula hoops around her hand while doing a split on a mat ?	girl
7119	the girl hula hoops a big tire hula hoop then hula hoops with three hula hoops using her two hands and one feet in the air .	who hoops the big tire hula hoop then hula hoops with three hula hoops using her two hands and one feet in the air ?	hula
7119	the girl hula hoops a big tire hula hoop then hula hoops with three hula hoops using her two hands and one feet in the air .	what does the girl hula hoop then hula hoops with three hula hoops using her two hands and one feet in the air ?	hoop
7120	the girl then 's try to hula hoop a lot of hula hoops at one time as other girls keep adding more to her .	who then 's try to hula hoop a lot of hula hoops at one time as other girls keep adding more to her ?	girl
7121	Three men dressed in fencing gear are standing in a gym .	how many men dressed in fencing gear are standing in a gym ?	three
7123	The two men begin making movements as the man instructs them to , showing off the different fencing techniques .	how many men begin making movements as the man instructs them to , showing off the different fencing techniques ?	two
7125	A woman pole vaults over a tall bar .	who pole vaults over a tall bar ?	woman
7126	She lands on a yellow mat under her .	what is the color of the mat ?	yellow
7128	A man is wearing a white robe with a black belt .	who is wearing the white robe with a black belt ?	man
7128	A man is wearing a white robe with a black belt .	what is the man wearing with a black belt ?	robe
7128	A man is wearing a white robe with a black belt .	what is the color of the robe ?	white
7128	A man is wearing a white robe with a black belt .	what is the color of the belt ?	black
7129	He starts doing karate moves in a room .	where does he start doing karate moves . ?	room
7131	woman put an egg on a bowl and mix it with vanilla .	who put an egg on a bowl and mix it with vanilla ?	woman
7131	woman put an egg on a bowl and mix it with vanilla .	what did woman put on a bowl ?	egg
7132	quick oats and baking powder , cocoa powder and salt are mixed in a bowl .	where are quick oats and baking powder , cocoa powder and salt mixed . ?	bowl
7133	a chocolate bar are cut in pieces with nuts and put in a bowl .	what are cut in pieces with nuts and put in a bowl ?	bar
7133	a chocolate bar are cut in pieces with nuts and put in a bowl .	where are the chocolate bar cut in pieces with nuts and put . ?	bowl
7134	sugar and butter are mixed in a bowl till cream and put the vanilla and the powder ingredients with the chocolate and he nuts .	where are sugar and butter mixed till cream . ?	bowl
7135	themix is wrap and put in a refrigerator .	where is themix wrap and put . ?	refrigerator
7137	A person practice dribbling and shooting the ball walking or running in the court , while a man watch the training .	what is the person practice dribbling and shooting walking or running in the court , while a man watch the training ?	ball
7138	The man stands and leave the court .	who stands and leave the court ?	man
7141	A large body of crystal blue water is shown and a large boat with people are in it .	what is the color of the water ?	blue
7145	The kids stand on a chair taking ornaments off a tree while moving back and fourth to the table to place the objects .	who stand on the chair taking ornaments off a tree while moving back and fourth to the table to place the objects ?	kids
7146	The kids then sweep up the floor while dancing and having fun and end by all waving to the camera .	who then sweep up the floor while dancing and having fun and end by all waving to the camera ?	kids
7146	The kids then sweep up the floor while dancing and having fun and end by all waving to the camera .	what did the kids then sweep up ?	floor
7147	The woman in white shirt is standing , then kneel down next to a big plastic bag on the ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
7148	She opened the bag , put the content of the bag in the uneven hole on the ground , and flatten it using her gloved hand .	what did she open , ?	bag
7150	She put another bag on the ground , flatten them using her hand until the area is covered .	what did she put on the ground , ?	bag
7152	Two women are on a stand opposite one another at a table beginning to arm wrestle .	who are on the stand opposite one another at a table beginning to arm wrestle ?	women
7152	Two women are on a stand opposite one another at a table beginning to arm wrestle .	how many women are on the stand opposite one another at a table beginning to arm wrestle ?	two
7155	There is a woman in a white blouse along with a man in a white shirt in a studio practicing ballroom dancing .	what is the color of the blouse ?	white
7155	There is a woman in a white blouse along with a man in a white shirt in a studio practicing ballroom dancing .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
7157	The lady is explaining the steps of the dance as they both demonstrate the moves and foot work involved in the dance .	who is explaining the steps of the dance as they both demonstrate the moves and foot work involved in the dance ?	lady
7159	A man runs past an approaching storm .	who runs past an approaching storm ?	man
7160	Surfers are seen in the water , and people are walking with their surfboards .	who are seen in the water , and people are walking with their surfboards ?	surfers
7161	A group of women gather , and a praying mantis is seen .	what do the group of women gather , and is seen ?	mantis
7162	Numerous surfers are then shown , going through and over various waves .	who are then shown , going through and over various waves ?	surfers
7163	woman is painting in a white paper green leaves in a chinese tree .	who is painting in the white paper green leaves in a chinese tree ?	woman
7163	woman is painting in a white paper green leaves in a chinese tree .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
7163	woman is painting in a white paper green leaves in a chinese tree .	what is the color of the leaves ?	green
7164	a red paint is shown and woman put a stamp on the corner of the paper .	what is shown and woman put a stamp on the corner of the paper ?	paint
7164	a red paint is shown and woman put a stamp on the corner of the paper .	who is the red paint shown and put a stamp on the corner of the paper ?	woman
7164	a red paint is shown and woman put a stamp on the corner of the paper .	what is the red paint shown and woman put on the corner of the paper ?	stamp
7164	a red paint is shown and woman put a stamp on the corner of the paper .	what is the color of the paint ?	red
7165	woman is painting a blue ad purple chinese flower .	who is painting the blue ad purple chinese flower ?	woman
7165	woman is painting a blue ad purple chinese flower .	what is woman painting ?	flower
7165	woman is painting a blue ad purple chinese flower .	what is the color of the flower ?	purple
7166	a red and black flowers are painted on a white paper with very detail for the same woman in a dark room .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	who used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers ?	woman
7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	what did woman use for make details ?	painting
7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	what did woman put on the corner ?	stamp
7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	what did woman finish with yellow and reddetails on the flowers ?	painting
7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	what is the color of the painting ?	black
7167	woman used some black painting for make details , put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers .	what is the color of the stamp ?	red
7170	Many women laugh with the men and the man gives several of them a kiss .	who laugh with the men and the man gives several of them a kiss ?	women
7171	Two men are seen jumping and kicking around one another performing various flips and tricks .	how many men are seen jumping and kicking around one another performing various flips and tricks ?	two
7174	A roofer nails tiles into the roof beams of a home .	who nails tiles into the roof beams of a home ?	roofer
7174	A roofer nails tiles into the roof beams of a home .	what does the roofer nail into the roof beams of a home ?	tiles
7175	The construction worker slides tiles into place on a roof .	who does construction slide tiles into place on a roof ?	worker
7175	The construction worker slides tiles into place on a roof .	what does the construction worker slide into place on a roof ?	tiles
7176	A crew of construction workers get tiles up onto a roof .	what do the crew of construction workers get up onto a roof ?	tiles
7177	A finished tile roof is seen when the job is done .	what is seen when the job is done ?	roof
7178	A worker uses a spatula tool to apply grout in between tiles on the roof .	who uses the spatula tool to apply grout in between tiles on the roof ?	worker
7180	A man runs up , and does several consecutive lay ups .	who runs up , and does several consecutive lay ups ?	man
7181	He makes a few baskets , then tries again and again .	what does he make , then tries again and again ?	baskets
7182	Some kids run by , waving at the camera .	who run by , waving at the camera ?	kids
7183	A man is standing outside talking .	who is standing outside talking ?	man
7186	A young girl is demonstrating how to do a braid in layered hair .	who is demonstrating how to do the braid in layered hair ?	girl
7190	She takes some hair gel out of an orange container and uses it on the tips of her braid to smoothen the hair .	what is the color of the container ?	orange
7191	She further braids the bottom part of her braid till the end and ties another hair tie around it .	what does she further tie around it ?	tie
7194	man is standing in front of a car and is cleaning the windshield and all the windows .	who is standing in front of a car and is cleaning the windshield and all the windows ?	man
7200	He puts all the pieces in a black bag .	what is the color of the bag ?	black
7200	He puts all the pieces in a black bag .	where does he put all the pieces . ?	bag
7204	A crowd of about one thousand people are outside and in the stadium watching a bull fight .	what are the crowd of about one thousand people outside and in watching a bull fight ?	stadium
7204	A crowd of about one thousand people are outside and in the stadium watching a bull fight .	the crowd of about one thousand people are outside and in the stadium watching what ?	fight
7205	Three young men are in the center and begin to tamper with two black and white bulls .	how many young men are in the center and begin to tamper with two black and white bulls ?	three
7206	The two bulls are now fighting with one another and the crowd begins to close in on them to see the action .	what are now fighting with one another and the crowd begins to close in on them to see the action ?	bulls
7206	The two bulls are now fighting with one another and the crowd begins to close in on them to see the action .	how many bulls are now fighting with one another ?	two
7207	A camera pans around a lake and shows a boat moving along the water .	what pans around the lake and shows a boat moving along the water ?	camera
7207	A camera pans around a lake and shows a boat moving along the water .	what does the camera show moving along the water ?	boat
7211	The man then busts out into song and dance with another man and pointing to the groom gradually .	who then busts out into song and dance with another man and pointing to the groom gradually ?	man
7213	A business man plays against a table tennis professional .	who plays against the table tennis professional ?	man
7214	Two businessmen play on a team against the table tennis pro .	how many businessmen play on the team against the table tennis pro ?	two
7216	A preteen boy is out in an open park filming challenges on monkey bars he points to the left .	who is out in an open park filming challenges on monkey bars he points to the left ?	boy
7217	The camera pans over to the left to show the slide in another part of the jungle gym .	what pans over to the left to show the slide in another part of the jungle gym ?	camera
7218	The camera pans back to the monkey bars .	what pans back to the monkey bars ?	camera
7219	The boy attempts the climb again , this time from the top rung of the ladder on the inside and falls , he gets up and goes to the ladder again .	who attempts the climb again , this time from the top rung of the ladder on the inside and falls , he gets up and goes to the ladder again ?	boy
7219	The boy attempts the climb again , this time from the top rung of the ladder on the inside and falls , he gets up and goes to the ladder again .	what does the boy attempt again , he gets up and goes to the ladder again ?	climb
7220	The boy attempts to climb again , from the top bar on the inside and falls again , he gets up and goes to the ladder again .	who attempts to climb again , from the top bar on the inside and falls again , he gets up and goes to the ladder again ?	boy
7221	The boy attempts to climb again , this time he adjusts again standing on the second rung on the inside and falls again when he attempts to climb .	who attempts to climb again , this time he adjusts again standing on the second rung on the inside and falls again when he attempts to climb ?	boy
7222	The boy attempts to climb again using the same starting point and falls , he gets up and goes toward the ladder but decides he is done and says good-bye .	who attempts to climb again using the same starting point and falls , he gets up and goes toward the ladder but decides he is done and says good-bye ?	boy
7223	A man is seen riding around on a horse holding a stick and then pausing to sit .	who is seen riding around on the horse holding a stick and then pausing to sit ?	man
7225	A female athlete is standing in a field and takes off running and does a long jump in to the pit .	who is standing in the field and takes off running and does a long jump in to the pit ?	athlete
7227	After , more girls begin to jump and represent their team and their jumps are measured as well .	who do after , begin to jump and represent their team and their jumps are measured as well ?	girls
7230	She puts the pastry onto the cake and continues putting frosting all around the cake .	what does she put onto the cake ?	pastry
7231	The camera zooms around the cake and shows the woman putting a face on the cake and showing off the finished result .	what zooms around the cake and shows the woman putting a face on the cake and showing off the finished result ?	camera
7231	The camera zooms around the cake and shows the woman putting a face on the cake and showing off the finished result .	who does the camera show putting a face on the cake and showing off the finished result ?	woman
7232	Two news anchors are talking in a room .	what are talking in the room ?	anchors
7232	Two news anchors are talking in a room .	how many news anchors are talking in the room ?	two
7232	Two news anchors are talking in a room .	where are two news anchors talking . ?	room
7233	A man is making food in a kitchen .	who is making food in a kitchen ?	man
7233	A man is making food in a kitchen .	where is the man making food . ?	kitchen
7234	He cooks mushrooms in a pan .	where does he cook mushrooms . ?	pan
7236	A long colorful scarf is seen running over chairs .	what is seen running over chairs ?	scarf
7237	A woman is seen knitting the scarf in a purple dress .	who is seen knitting the scarf in a purple dress ?	woman
7237	A woman is seen knitting the scarf in a purple dress .	what is the color of the dress ?	purple
7238	Three other woman sit together and knit a section of the scarf .	who sit together and knit the section of the scarf ?	woman
7238	Three other woman sit together and knit a section of the scarf .	how many other woman sit together and knit the section of the scarf ?	three
7239	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
7242	We see a man sitting on the dock .	who do we see sitting on the dock ?	man
7244	We see a shoe briefly .	what do we see briefly ?	shoe
7245	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
7248	Students are interviewed and then run a race .	who are interviewed and then run the race ?	students
7250	A chef demonstrates how to peel a potato using a potato peeler and a potato , in a kitchen in front of cutting board .	who demonstrates how to peel the potato using a potato peeler and a potato , in a kitchen in front of cutting board ?	chef
7251	The man talks to the camera and begins to peel the potato with the peeler peeling of slices of skin and gesturing at the table .	who talks to the camera and begins to peel the potato with the peeler peeling of slices of skin and gesturing at the table ?	man
7252	The man peels the potato until it has no more skin on it .	who peels the potato until it has no more skin on it ?	man
7252	The man peels the potato until it has no more skin on it .	what does the man peel ?	potato
7253	Two men are standing together on a table with their fist up as the referee holds their wrist .	how many men are standing together on the table with their fist up as the referee holds their wrist ?	two
7254	Near the end however , the opponents finally match and it takes forever to declare a winner as they struggle to move their hands .	who do near the end however , finally match and it takes forever to declare a winner as they struggle to move their hands ?	opponents
7256	man is alone doing lay ups to the basket .	who is alone doing lay ups to the basket ?	man
7257	another man arrives to the court and start playing together .	who arrives to the court and start playing together ?	man
7260	A woman is seen putting makeup on her face and leads into several pictures of makeup .	who is seen putting makeup on her face and leads into several pictures of makeup ?	woman
7262	More pictures of products are shown that end with more text and a woman pushing away makeup .	what are more pictures of products shown that end with more text and a woman pushing away ?	makeup
7263	A large snowy mountain is seen as people gather on the ice .	what is seen as people gather on the ice ?	mountain
7264	They hit several pucks , sweeping them in a game .	who did they hit , ?	pucks
7265	A female gymnast is demonstrating a gymnastics performance on bars .	who is demonstrating the gymnastics performance on bars ?	gymnast
7267	Another female gymnast is practicing in the background .	who is practicing in the background ?	gymnast
7268	A girl is seen listening to music and transitions into her performing a dance routine outside on a walk way .	who is seen listening to music and transitions into her performing a dance routine outside on a walk way ?	girl
7273	A young girl performs her gymnastics routine on the balance beam .	who performs her gymnastics routine on the balance beam ?	girl
7274	The young girl gets on the beam and continues her routine .	who gets on the beam and continues her routine ?	girl
7275	The young girl falls off the beam .	who falls off the beam ?	girl
7276	The young girl gets back on the beam and finishes her routine .	who gets back on the beam and finishes her routine ?	girl
7277	A man with white shirt is standing in front of a machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
7278	He turned around and pointed the machine .	what did he point ?	machine
7279	The machine is being shown .	what is being shown ?	machine
7280	A man who is wearing a white shirt keeps talking , while behind him a man in gray shirt walked and reach something in the machine .	who keeps talking , while behind him a man in gray shirt walked and reach something in the machine ?	man
7280	A man who is wearing a white shirt keeps talking , while behind him a man in gray shirt walked and reach something in the machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
7280	A man who is wearing a white shirt keeps talking , while behind him a man in gray shirt walked and reach something in the machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
7280	A man who is wearing a white shirt keeps talking , while behind him a man in gray shirt walked and reach something in the machine .	who is the man wearing a white shirt keeps talking , while behind him a man in gray shirt walked and reach something where . ?	machine
7281	The man in gray shirt put a powdery stuff in the machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
7281	The man in gray shirt put a powdery stuff in the machine .	where did the man in gray shirt put a powdery stuff . ?	machine
7282	He is shaking the bag .	what is he shaking ?	bag
7283	The man in white shirt is putting cement on the wall .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
7284	The man is holding a blue long tube pointing on the wall .	who is holding the blue long tube pointing on the wall ?	man
7284	The man is holding a blue long tube pointing on the wall .	what is the man holding pointing on the wall ?	tube
7284	The man is holding a blue long tube pointing on the wall .	what is the color of the tube ?	blue
7285	The man in gray uniform used the tube/pump and spray the cement on the wall .	what is the color of the uniform ?	gray
7286	An old man is smoothing the cement on the wall .	who is smoothing the cement on the wall ?	man
7289	The man does a handstand .	who does the handstand ?	man
7290	The man flips and dismounts from the bars .	who flips and dismounts from the bars ?	man
7291	The man raise his arms in the air .	who raise his arms in the air ?	man
7292	The man walks away and hugs another man .	who walks away and hugs another man ?	man
7292	The man walks away and hugs another man .	who does the man hug ?	man
7293	A woman is seen running down a long track and jumping into a pit .	who is seen running down the long track and jumping into a pit ?	woman
7294	The camera watches her as she walks away and sticks her tongue out to another person .	what watches her as she walks away and sticks her tongue out to another person ?	camera
7295	A man is standing behind two inverted drums .	who is standing behind two inverted drums ?	man
7298	An athletic man is seen standing before a beam and begins performing a gymnastics routine .	who is seen standing before the beam and begins performing a gymnastics routine ?	man
7300	A special effect intro screen appears which is mainly blue and white words in the middle of the screen appear and they read `` ROPE SKIPPING '' .	what appears which is mainly blue and white words in the middle of the screen appear and they read `` rope skipping '' ?	screen
7300	A special effect intro screen appears which is mainly blue and white words in the middle of the screen appear and they read `` ROPE SKIPPING '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
7301	Behind the words there are 4 girls with their own jump ropes and they 're all rope skipping separately and eventually they jump in unison .	how many girls are behind the words there with their own jump ropes and they 're all rope skipping separately ?	four
7302	White words appear on the screen that read `` Klasse 7c/Fr Leifels '' , the girls drop to the ground to end their routine and they smile and look around .	that do white words appear on the screen read `` klasse 7c/fr leifels '' , who drop to the ground to end their routine and they smile and look around ?	girls
7303	A man in a grey print hoodie is standing against a wall introducing himself and then explaining that he is going to give a tutorial for some tricks .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	gray
7305	The camera pans up and a black screen appears with white letters and a website address followed by a film company and a site channel .	what pans up and the black screen appears with white letters and a website address followed by a film company and a site channel ?	camera
7305	The camera pans up and a black screen appears with white letters and a website address followed by a film company and a site channel .	what does the camera pan up and appears with white letters and a website address followed by a film company and a site channel ?	screen
7305	The camera pans up and a black screen appears with white letters and a website address followed by a film company and a site channel .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7305	The camera pans up and a black screen appears with white letters and a website address followed by a film company and a site channel .	what is the color of the letters ?	white
7306	A man is shown smoking a cigarette while walking several dogs attached to chains on his belt .	who is shown smoking the cigarette while walking several dogs attached to chains on his belt ?	man
7307	A man is talking from behind a table .	who is talking from behind the table ?	man
7309	A woman is getting ready to bath her dog in her front yard .	who is getting ready to bath her dog in her front yard ?	woman
7310	She takes a hose and wets the dog first .	what does she wet first ?	dog
7311	There is another little puppy running around the dog and a little kitten too .	what is there running around the dog and a little kitten too ?	puppy
7312	The woman takes some liquid soap and scrubs it on the dog .	who takes some liquid soap and scrubs it on the dog ?	woman
7315	The dog is playing on a rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body .	what is playing on the rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body ?	dog
7316	The little puppy is running around the dog with wet fur too .	what is running around the dog with wet fur too ?	puppy
7318	Ingredients are added one at a time , mixing them all together .	what are added one at a time , mixing them all together ?	ingredients
7319	The dough is piped onto the tray , then baked .	what is piped onto the tray , then baked ?	dough
7320	A woman is standing in a room talking .	who is standing in the room talking ?	woman
7321	She picks up a plastic bottle .	what does she pick up ?	bottle
7325	Two men exhibit and demonstrate the use of an automated tennis ball server on a tennis ball court .	how many men exhibit and demonstrate the use of an automated tennis ball server on a tennis ball court ?	two
7326	An animation graphic appears exhibiting two gold cylinders inside of a metal bracket .	what appears exhibiting two gold cylinders inside of a metal bracket ?	graphic
7326	An animation graphic appears exhibiting two gold cylinders inside of a metal bracket .	how many gold cylinders does an animation graphic appear exhibiting inside of a metal bracket ?	two
7327	The animated graphic morphs into a real and actual version of the graphic , appearing on a outdoor tennis court and flanked by two men .	what morphs into the real and actual version of the graphic , appearing on a outdoor tennis court and flanked by two men ?	graphic
7328	We see a man talking while walking through a house .	who do we see talking while walking through a house ?	man
7329	We see another man working on the floor .	who do we see working on the floor ?	man
7330	We see a man laying tile in another room .	where do we see a man laying tile . ?	room
7331	Two men are in the same room working on different projects .	how many men are in the same room working on different projects ?	two
7332	We see the man talking to the camera again .	who do we see talking to the camera again ?	man
7334	Skateboards skate and do tricks down stairs and on benches throughout a city .	what skate and do tricks down stairs and on benches throughout a city ?	skateboards
7335	A skateboarder rides a concrete ramp in a skate park .	who rides the concrete ramp in a skate park ?	skateboarder
7336	Skateboarders ride the banks of a drainage ditch .	who ride the banks of a drainage ditch ?	skateboarders
7337	Different skateboarders ride in a concrete ramp doing tricks .	who ride in the concrete ramp doing tricks ?	skateboarders
7341	A man in a white shirt starts singing and dancing on the stage .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
7342	A chef demonstrates how to cut and chop several vegetables as he prepares an asian inspired meal .	who demonstrates how to cut and chop several vegetables as he prepares an asian inspired meal ?	chef
7343	A chef in a white chefs outfit in a kitchen , boils potatoes and onions in a pot .	what is the color of the outfit ?	white
7343	A chef in a white chefs outfit in a kitchen , boils potatoes and onions in a pot .	where does the chef in a white chefs outfit in a kitchen , boil potatoes and onions . ?	pot
7344	The chef talks to the camera and takes a series of vegetables and chops them up on a counter .	who talks to the camera and takes a series of vegetables and chops them up on a counter ?	chef
7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	who then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product ?	chef
7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	what does the chef then put along with some oil into a bowl ?	vegetables
7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	what does the chef then stick in to showcase ?	chopsticks
7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	what does the chef then stick two large chopsticks in to showcase ?	product
7345	The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product .	how many large chopsticks does the chef then stick in to showcase ?	two
7346	A woman is seen laying down on a table with a man tattooing her from behind .	who is seen laying down on the table with a man tattooing her from behind ?	woman
7347	A woman watches on the side as the man continues tattooing and the woman having him stop .	who watches on the side as the man continues tattooing and the woman having him stop ?	woman
7348	The woman continues trying to get the tattoo but stopping and speaking to the camera because it hurt so bad .	who continues trying to get the tattoo but stopping and speaking to the camera because it hurt so bad ?	woman
7349	A man is seen standing on a ladder and leads into several pictures of him on the ladder and then painting the wall with another .	who is seen standing on the ladder and leads into several pictures of him on the ladder and then painting the wall with another ?	man
7349	A man is seen standing on a ladder and leads into several pictures of him on the ladder and then painting the wall with another .	the man is seen and leads into several pictures of him on the ladder and then painting what with another ?	wall
7351	A man is sitting down on a chair .	who is sitting down on the chair ?	man
7354	A man is seen walking forward speaking to the camera and begins washing a car .	who is seen walking forward speaking to the camera and begins washing a car ?	man
7355	The man scrubs all around the car while still speaking to the camera .	who scrubs all around the car while still speaking to the camera ?	man
7357	A woman is trying to play bad-mitten .	who is trying to play bad-mitten ?	woman
7358	She is hitting the shuttle cock .	what is she hitting ?	cock
7366	The camera shows the other two players .	what shows the other two players ?	camera
7366	The camera shows the other two players .	how many players does the camera show ?	two
7368	A woman is seen looking at the camera and holding up a piece of makeup .	who is seen looking at the camera and holding up a piece of makeup ?	woman
7369	She then takes out her contacts and holds up another container .	what does she then hold up ?	container
7371	An athletic man is seen standing ready and begins running down a track and jumping into a pit .	who is seen standing ready and begins running down the track and jumping into a pit ?	man
7372	The man celebrates as his score is shown and his jump is shown again in slow motion .	who celebrates as his score is shown and his jump is shown again in slow motion ?	man
7373	A large man is seen sitting in the middle of a circle looking away from the camera .	who is seen sitting in the middle of a circle looking away from the camera ?	man
7374	The man then spins himself around with a discuss in his hands .	who then spins himself around with a discuss in his hands ?	man
7376	A woman is pouring ingredients into a Kitchen aid .	who is pouring ingredients into a kitchen aid ?	woman
7376	A woman is pouring ingredients into a Kitchen aid .	what is the woman pouring into a kitchen aid ?	ingredients
7377	She turns it on and mixes the ingredients together .	what does she mix together ?	ingredients
7380	A man is seen playing drums on a set of buckets while several people walk past him and others record him .	who is seen playing drums on a set of buckets while several people walk past him and others record him ?	man
7381	The man continues to play as the camera pans all around him and people continue to walk around him and show off the area .	who continues to play as the camera pans all around him and people continue to walk around him and show off the area ?	man
7382	Two teams are playing lacrosse outdoors .	how many teams are playing lacrosse outdoors ?	two
7385	The board shows the winner .	who does the board show ?	winner
7386	A man teaches the proper way to get a mouthpiece on a saxophone .	who teaches the proper way to get a mouthpiece on a saxophone ?	man
7388	A man is reaching into water and washing his face .	who is reaching into water and washing his face ?	man
7389	A woman is working on the otherside of the water .	who is working on the otherside of the water ?	woman
7390	The man splashes the worker with water .	who splashes the worker with water ?	man
7391	A woman looks on and laughs at the man .	who looks on and laughs at the man ?	woman
7398	There are several contestants participating in the event .	who are there participating in the event ?	contestants
7399	One of the contestants falls off his bike and seems like he 's injured .	what does one of the contestants fall off ?	bicycle
7401	A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by him talking to random women on the beach .	who is seen speaking to the camera followed by him talking to random women on the beach ?	man
7402	They play a game together and when he wins the girl gives him a kiss .	who do they play a game together and gives him a kiss ?	girl
7404	Several girls laugh and play along while getting a kiss or slapping the man .	who laugh and play along while getting the kiss or slapping the man ?	girls
7406	The man pushes the machinery around the lawn while looking into the camera .	who pushes the machinery around the lawn while looking into the camera ?	man
7406	The man pushes the machinery around the lawn while looking into the camera .	what does the man push around the lawn while looking into the camera ?	machinery
7407	The man continues using the machine while looking off into the camera .	who continues using the machine while looking off into the camera ?	man
7412	There are two women in a bathroom washing clothes in blue buckets filled with foamy soap water .	how many women are there in a bathroom washing clothes in blue buckets filled with foamy soap water ?	two
7412	There are two women in a bathroom washing clothes in blue buckets filled with foamy soap water .	what is the color of the buckets ?	blue
7413	The women soak the clothes in the soap water and rinse them out to clean them .	who soak the clothes in the soap water and rinse them out to clean them ?	women
7413	The women soak the clothes in the soap water and rinse them out to clean them .	what do the women soak in the soap water ?	clothes
7414	Then she put the clothes in a large metal drum that spins rapidly to drain off excess water .	what did then she put in a large metal drum that spins rapidly to drain off excess water ?	clothes
7417	A boy hangs on monkey bars .	who hangs on monkey bars ?	boy
7421	A woman wearing a shawl stands in front of a tropical plant outdoors .	who is wearing a shawl stands in front of a tropical plant outdoors ?	woman
7421	A woman wearing a shawl stands in front of a tropical plant outdoors .	the woman wearing what stands in front of a tropical plant outdoors ?	shawl
7422	A woman presents a band on stage for a performance .	who presents the band on stage for a performance ?	woman
7425	woman is standing in a shooting room holding a bow and throwing the arrow into a board .	who is standing in the shooting room holding a bow and throwing the arrow into a board ?	woman
7425	woman is standing in a shooting room holding a bow and throwing the arrow into a board .	where is woman standing holding a bow and throwing the arrow into a board . ?	room
7426	woman stands in a bg large field holding a bow and thowing arrow to baloons .	who stands in the bg large field holding a bow and thowing arrow to baloons ?	woman
7427	woman is standing in a small court holding a bow and throwing an arow to an apple in a man 's head .	who is standing in the small court holding a bow and throwing an arow to an apple in a man 's head ?	woman
7428	man is standing next to a tree holding a camera .	who is standing next to the tree holding a camera ?	man
7429	woman is throwing arros to a watermelon .	who is throwing arros to a watermelon ?	woman
7430	woman is throwing arrows to movie posters and talking to the camera .	who is throwing arrows to movie posters and talking to the camera ?	woman
7431	man is talking to the camera standing next to a box .	who is talking to the camera standing next to a box ?	man
7432	man is assembling a shuffleboard court in a sidewalk .	who is assembling the shuffleboard court in a sidewalk ?	man
7432	man is assembling a shuffleboard court in a sidewalk .	where is man assembling a shuffleboard court . ?	sidewalk
7433	man start playing the suffleboard hitting the pucks .	who start playing the suffleboard hitting the pucks ?	man
7434	A girl walks to the edge of the diving board .	who walks to the edge of the diving board ?	girl
7435	The girl extends her hands .	who extends her hands ?	girl
7436	The girl dives into pool .	who dives into pool ?	girl
7437	The girl swims to the edge of the pool .	who swims to the edge of the pool ?	girl
7444	They fight over the ball , trying to get it into a goal .	what do they fight over , ?	ball
7445	kids are playing on the playground in the school ground .	who are playing on the playground in the school ground ?	kids
7446	kids are swingin in the swing on a side .	who are swingin in the swing on a side ?	kids
7447	little kid stands on the edge of the slide .	who stands on the edge of the slide ?	kid
7448	A chef dressed in a white chef 's outfit is demonstrating how to sharpen kitchen knives using a tool called Rada knife sharpener .	who dressed in a white chef 's outfit is demonstrating how to sharpen kitchen knives using a tool called rada knife sharpener ?	chef
7448	A chef dressed in a white chef 's outfit is demonstrating how to sharpen kitchen knives using a tool called Rada knife sharpener .	what is the color of the chef ?	white
7450	He places a kitchen towel on the counter and then places the knife on top of it .	what does he place on the counter ?	towel
7450	He places a kitchen towel on the counter and then places the knife on top of it .	he then places what on top of it ?	knife
7452	A guy rises to his feet .	who rises to his feet ?	guy
7453	The guy walks on a tight rope .	who walks on the tight rope ?	guy
7454	The guy turns to walk back .	who turns to walk back ?	guy
7455	The guy walks backwards on the tight rope .	who walks backwards on the tight rope ?	guy
7456	The guy steps off the tight rope and smiles .	who steps off the tight rope and smiles ?	guy
7456	The guy steps off the tight rope and smiles .	what does the guy step off ?	rope
7457	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into various ingredients begin shown and a person slicing up cheese .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into various ingredients begin shown and a person slicing up cheese ?	man
7458	The person mixes ingredients together and lays them on slices of bread to create a sandwich .	what does the person mix together ?	ingredients
7460	An older man is sitting in a tube while an older woman climbs on the back .	who is sitting in the tube while an older woman climbs on the back ?	man
7460	An older man is sitting in a tube while an older woman climbs on the back .	where is an older man sitting while an older woman climbs on the back . ?	tube
7461	The man in the tube is wearing skiis and eventually rides behind the boat with the woman on top .	where is the man wearing skiis and eventually rides behind the boat with the woman on top . ?	tube
7463	A woman stands in a kitchen , staring at the camera .	who stands in the kitchen , staring at the camera ?	woman
7463	A woman stands in a kitchen , staring at the camera .	where does the woman stand , . ?	kitchen
7464	The person opens an oven and pulls out a tray of chocolate chip cookies .	what does the person open ?	oven
7465	The woman stares at the cookies , and a second batch is checked .	who stares at the cookies , and a second batch is checked ?	woman
7466	The woman scoops the cookies off the tray , loosening them .	who scoops the cookies off the tray , loosening them ?	woman
7466	The woman scoops the cookies off the tray , loosening them .	what does the woman scoop off the tray , ?	cookies
7467	A little boy is smiling close to the camera .	who is smiling close to the camera ?	boy
7473	They use the chair as a prop and dance until it time to stop and then they hug .	what do they use as a prop and dance and then they hug ?	chair
7475	A female athlete claps her hands .	who claps her hands ?	athlete
7476	The female athlete runs and elevates her body over a heighten hurdle .	who runs and elevates her body over a heighten hurdle ?	athlete
7477	The female athlete rises and yells in joy .	who rises and yells in joy ?	athlete
7478	The female athlete dances and spins .	who dances and spins ?	athlete
7482	An athlete runs down a track and pole vaults over a high bar and onto a cushioned landing pad .	who runs down the track and pole vaults over a high bar and onto a cushioned landing pad ?	athlete
7483	The pole vaulter discusses events and sets down some wooden pools before use .	who discusses events and sets down some wooden pools before use ?	vaulter
7484	The athlete discusses more and is seen on television screens doing previous pole vaults .	who discusses more and is seen on television screens doing previous pole vaults ?	athlete
7485	The athlete sits with a coach and watches a tv screen .	who sits with the coach and watches a tv screen ?	athlete
7485	The athlete sits with a coach and watches a tv screen .	what does the athlete watch ?	screen
7486	The athlete stands and talks on the track and does a warm up run jumping on the mats .	who stands and talks on the track and does a warm up run jumping on the mats ?	athlete
7487	The athlete lays on a mat next to a female athlete and stretches .	who lays on the mat next to a female athlete and stretches ?	athlete
7488	The athlete does multiple pole vaults during practice onto the mat .	who does multiple pole vaults during practice onto the mat ?	athlete
7488	The athlete does multiple pole vaults during practice onto the mat .	what does the athlete do during practice onto the mat ?	vaults
7493	A silver car is parked in the street .	what is parked in the street ?	car
7493	A silver car is parked in the street .	where is the silver car parked . ?	street
7494	A man power washes the car in the street .	who washes the car in the street ?	power
7494	A man power washes the car in the street .	where does the man power wash the car . ?	street
7496	The car is now completely clean .	what is now completely clean ?	car
7497	A woman talks to the camera in a street environment while pedestrians and cars pass by .	who talks to the camera in a street environment while pedestrians and cars pass by ?	woman
7498	The woman peeks out from behind a wall .	who peeks out from behind the wall ?	woman
7499	The woman looks at a laptop screen with a man .	who looks at the laptop screen with a man ?	woman
7500	The man applies a tattoo pattern to the woman 's upper arm , with the video sometimes passing in accelerated time .	who applies the tattoo pattern to the woman 's upper arm , with the video sometimes passing in accelerated time ?	man
7501	The woman shows the completed tattoo while talking to the camera .	who shows the completed tattoo while talking to the camera ?	woman
7502	A vast ocean view is shown as a wave crashes in .	what is shown as the wave crashes in ?	view
7505	A man is standing in front of a table .	who is standing in front of a table ?	man
7507	He peels the potato one strip at a time .	how many strip does he peel at a time ?	one
7508	Cars are getting washed at a car wash .	what are getting washed at the car wash ?	cars
7509	A play room in the car wash is being shown .	where is the play room being shown . ?	wash
7511	There are 4 different people standing on an indoor court , and 3 are holding ends of 2 different jump ropes and 1 person is rope jumping .	how many different people are there standing on an indoor court ?	four
7511	There are 4 different people standing on an indoor court , and 3 are holding ends of 2 different jump ropes and 1 person is rope jumping .	how many person are 3 holding ends of 2 different jump ropes and is rope jumping ?	one
7512	A couple dances in red outfits on a stage for a large audience on a stage lit with colorful lighting .	what is the color of the outfits ?	red
7514	The man dips his female partner down who does the splits at the end of the dance .	who dips his female partner down who does the splits at the end of the dance ?	man
7514	The man dips his female partner down who does the splits at the end of the dance .	who does the man dip down who does the splits at the end of the dance ?	partner
7516	The woman is still painting the panel , but now with a change of clothing .	who is still painting the panel , but now with a change of clothing ?	woman
7516	The woman is still painting the panel , but now with a change of clothing .	what is the woman still painting , but now with a change of clothing ?	panel
7517	The woman is still painting the panel , but with yet another change of clothing .	who is still painting the panel , but with yet another change of clothing ?	woman
7517	The woman is still painting the panel , but with yet another change of clothing .	what is the woman still painting , but with yet another change of clothing ?	panel
7519	The woman continues to paint with a fifth different set of clothing .	who continues to paint with the fifth different set of clothing ?	woman
7520	The woman continues to paint with a sixth different set of clothing .	who continues to paint with the sixth different set of clothing ?	woman
7524	A scoreboard graphic is shown for all the participating players .	what is shown for all the participating players ?	graphic
7527	A black screen is shown and various white words are shown .	what is shown and various white words are shown ?	screen
7527	A black screen is shown and various white words are shown .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7527	A black screen is shown and various white words are shown .	what is the color of the words ?	white
7528	After , a Caucasian man is shown playing the hand drums and stomping his foot .	who is after , shown playing the hand drums and stomping his foot ?	man
7529	A shovel rakes along the snow covered ground of a yard .	what rakes along the snow covered ground of a yard ?	shovel
7531	A man pulls up the shovel , and sets it aside .	who pulls up the shovel , and sets it aside ?	man
7531	A man pulls up the shovel , and sets it aside .	what does the man pull up ?	shovel
7532	man is standing in front of a white cloth in a studio doing exercise in an elliptical machine showing the characteristics of the bike .	who is standing in front of a white cloth in a studio doing exercise in an elliptical machine showing the characteristics of the bike ?	man
7532	man is standing in front of a white cloth in a studio doing exercise in an elliptical machine showing the characteristics of the bike .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
7533	woman is doing the same that the man , watching the elliptical and doing exercise .	who is doing the same that the man , watching the elliptical and doing exercise ?	woman
7534	A black screen appears and handwritten looking white text appears on the screen and it say 's `` Bart Rollin '' .	what appears and handwritten looking white text appears on the screen and it say 's `` bart rollin '' ?	screen
7534	A black screen appears and handwritten looking white text appears on the screen and it say 's `` Bart Rollin '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7534	A black screen appears and handwritten looking white text appears on the screen and it say 's `` Bart Rollin '' .	what is the color of the text ?	white
7535	This woman is walking , jumping , and flipping on the balance beam .	who is walking , jumping , and flipping on the balance beam ?	woman
7537	A girl sitting int eh driver seat of a car is talking on her phone on speaker .	who is sitting int eh driver seat of a car is talking on her phone on speaker ?	girl
7537	A girl sitting int eh driver seat of a car is talking on her phone on speaker .	the girl sitting how many driver seat of a car is talking on her phone on speaker ?	eh
7538	She hangs up and starts talking out loud and then her and her friend are walking through a parking garage .	she hangs up and starts and then who are walking through a parking garage ?	friend
7539	The girls are walking and talking through the mall , then they go to Claires to get ears pierced .	who are walking and talking through the mall , then they go to claires to get ears pierced ?	girls
7541	A woman is sitting down in a chair .	who is sitting down in the chair ?	woman
7541	A woman is sitting down in a chair .	where is the woman sitting down . ?	chair
7542	A boy is brushing her long hair .	who is brushing her long hair ?	boy
7544	The video begins with a little boy in a motorcycle helmet , in a restaurant .	where does the video begin , . ?	restaurant
7545	The cameraman hands him skis .	who hands him skis ?	cameraman
7550	Soon the boy and his family load their vehicle to leave .	what does soon the boy and his family load ?	vehicle
7554	A man is shown standing next to a tree holding christmas decorations in his hands .	who is shown standing next to the tree holding christmas decorations in his hands ?	man
7555	He then hangs the decorations all around the tree while looking back and speaking to the camera .	what does he then hang all around the tree ?	decorations
7556	There 's a young man in a red shirt playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
7557	He strums the guitar using his pick and moves his fingers along the chords .	what does he strum using his pick ?	guitar
7559	A woman in an orange shirt is sitting on an exercise machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
7562	A woman wearing a tan apron is holding a knife and talking .	who is wearing a tan apron is holding a knife and talking ?	woman
7562	A woman wearing a tan apron is holding a knife and talking .	the woman wearing what is holding a knife and talking ?	apron
7562	A woman wearing a tan apron is holding a knife and talking .	what is the woman wearing a tan apron is holding and talking ?	knife
7563	She then shows an appliance on the table and tilts it upwards .	what does she then show on the table ?	appliance
7564	She turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down .	what does she turn on the appliance ?	dial
7565	She picks the knife back up and places it on the appliance .	what does she pick back up ?	knife
7566	She turns the dial again on the appliance .	what does she turn again on the appliance ?	dial
7567	She picks the knife back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times .	what does she pick back up ?	knife
7569	She grabs a second knife and puts it in the appliance .	what does she grab ?	knife
7569	She grabs a second knife and puts it in the appliance .	where does she put it . ?	appliance
7570	A person grabs a disk from a pile of disks .	what does the person grab from a pile of disks ?	disk
7573	Two men are shown sitting at a table with their arms crossed one another .	how many men are shown sitting at the table with their arms crossed one another ?	two
7576	A man is demonstrating how to make a three egg omelette in his kitchen .	who is demonstrating how to make the three egg omelette in his kitchen ?	man
7576	A man is demonstrating how to make a three egg omelette in his kitchen .	how many egg omelette is the man demonstrating how to make in his kitchen ?	three
7576	A man is demonstrating how to make a three egg omelette in his kitchen .	where is the man demonstrating how to make a three egg omelette . ?	kitchen
7578	He then beats the eggs well and adds some butter into the saucepan .	what does he then beat well ?	eggs
7578	He then beats the eggs well and adds some butter into the saucepan .	what does he then add into the saucepan ?	butter
7579	He pours the raw egg batter into the pan .	who does he pour into the pan ?	batter
7580	He lifts the pan and moves it around to shuffle the eggs .	what does he lift ?	pan
7582	He takes a fork and slides the omelette into a white plate .	what does he slide into a white plate ?	omelette
7582	He takes a fork and slides the omelette into a white plate .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
7585	The coach instructs the players as they continue the game .	who instructs the players as they continue the game ?	coach
7587	A wall is shown , covered in hanging tools .	what is shown , covered in hanging tools ?	wall
7588	A man is in a workshop , talking about roofing shingles .	who is in the workshop , talking about roofing shingles ?	man
7590	A bottle of aging cream is shown and a woman begins to apply it on her face in her T-zone .	who is the bottle of aging cream shown and begins to apply it on her face in her t-zone ?	woman
7593	Gymasts are standing in a competition room .	where are gymasts standing . ?	room
7594	A man mounts a beam .	who mounts the beam ?	man
7597	A baby is seen swinging back and fourth on a swing while laughing and smiling to the camera .	who is seen swinging back and fourth on the swing while laughing and smiling to the camera ?	baby
7598	The baby continues moving back and fourth while looking up to the camera and smiling .	who continues moving back and fourth while looking up to the camera and smiling ?	baby
7599	Two girls are seen speaking and waving to the camera that lead into them performing several jumps and tricks on a mat .	who are seen speaking and waving to the camera that lead into them performing several jumps and tricks on a mat ?	girls
7599	Two girls are seen speaking and waving to the camera that lead into them performing several jumps and tricks on a mat .	how many girls are seen speaking and waving to the camera that lead into them performing several jumps and tricks on a mat ?	two
7600	the girls continue taking turns flipping all around the mat in the area as well as speaking to the camera and waving .	who continue taking turns flipping all around the mat in the area as well as speaking to the camera and waving ?	girls
7601	An Asian woman is sitting , then she ride the skateboard and began skating on the empty road .	who is sitting , then she ride the skateboard and began skating on the empty road ?	woman
7601	An Asian woman is sitting , then she ride the skateboard and began skating on the empty road .	what is an asian woman sitting , then she ride and began skating on the empty road ?	skateboard
7602	The girl is skateboarding side to side , and while holding a selfie stick .	who is skateboarding side to side , and while holding a selfie stick ?	girl
7603	The girl skateboard on the sidewalk , near the water , in a narrow path , and park .	who skateboard on the sidewalk , near the water , in a narrow path , and park ?	girl
7604	A group of people sitting on elevated bleachers , watch a man on a horse lasso a small black calf in a , dirt covered , indoor , rodeo ring .	what is the color of the calf ?	black
7605	The man emerges into the ring from a floor level door , on a horse , chasing after a small black calf .	who emerges into the ring from a floor level door , on a horse , chasing after a small black calf ?	man
7605	The man emerges into the ring from a floor level door , on a horse , chasing after a small black calf .	what is the color of the calf ?	black
7606	The man simultaneously throws a rope around the calfs neck and dismounts the horse , while the horse is in motion .	who simultaneously throws the rope around the calfs neck and dismounts the horse , while the horse is in motion ?	man
7606	The man simultaneously throws a rope around the calfs neck and dismounts the horse , while the horse is in motion .	what does the man simultaneously throw around the calfs neck ?	rope
7606	The man simultaneously throws a rope around the calfs neck and dismounts the horse , while the horse is in motion .	what does the man simultaneously dismount ?	horse
7607	A man is shown in a bathroom choosing a toothbrush .	who is shown in the bathroom choosing a toothbrush ?	man
7611	Two men are watching on the side as the game continues and another man records on his phone .	how many men are watching on the side as the game continues and another man records on his phone ?	two
7612	A boy sits a top a camel .	who sits the top a camel ?	boy
7613	The camel begins to move with the help of a handler .	what begins to move with the help of a handler ?	camel
7615	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him sitting still in a pool .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him sitting still in a pool ?	man
7616	The man then begins swimming around the pool back and fourth with others .	who then begins swimming around the pool back and fourth with others ?	man
7618	A person is shown vacuuming a large rug with a green vacuum cleaner .	what is the color of the cleaner ?	green
7621	The person then hits a pool ball continuously around the table .	what does the person then hit continuously around the table ?	ball
7622	The man then sinks the last ball and celebrates with a group of people .	who then sinks the last ball and celebrates with a group of people ?	man
7622	The man then sinks the last ball and celebrates with a group of people .	what does the man then sink ?	ball
7623	A man throws a ball onto the sidewalk .	who throws the ball onto the sidewalk ?	man
7623	A man throws a ball onto the sidewalk .	what does the man throw onto the sidewalk ?	ball
7625	A little kid runs around in front of him .	who runs around in front of him ?	kid
7626	A man holding an ice scraper is pushing ice off of his car while the camera zoom in .	who is holding an ice scraper is pushing ice off of his car while the camera zoom in ?	man
7626	A man holding an ice scraper is pushing ice off of his car while the camera zoom in .	the man holding what is pushing ice off of his car while the camera zoom in ?	scraper
7627	The camera shows his hands mutiple times close up gradually pushing piece by piece of ice off .	what shows his hands mutiple times close up gradually pushing piece by piece of ice off ?	camera
7628	A woman is in a living room in front of a fire .	who is in the living room in front of a fire ?	woman
7630	She tapes the box , then lays it down gently on the table .	what does she tap ?	box
7631	A man is drinking a beer during a game while others look on and smile .	who is drinking the beer during a game while others look on and smile ?	man
7631	A man is drinking a beer during a game while others look on and smile .	what is the man drinking during a game ?	beer
7632	Several people are watching the match and the man drinking a beer looks at the camera and smiles .	who are several people watching the match and drinking a beer looks at the camera and smiles ?	man
7632	Several people are watching the match and the man drinking a beer looks at the camera and smiles .	several people are watching the match and the man drinking what looks at the camera and smiles ?	beer
7634	A man holding a saxophone plays and talks to the camera in between .	who is holding a saxophone plays and talks to the camera in between ?	man
7634	A man holding a saxophone plays and talks to the camera in between .	the man holding what plays and talks to the camera in between ?	saxophone
7635	A man holds the saxophone up to show the bottom .	who holds the saxophone up to show the bottom ?	man
7635	A man holds the saxophone up to show the bottom .	what does the man hold up ?	saxophone
7636	The man takes the mouthpiece off his saxophone , and replaces it .	who takes the mouthpiece off his saxophone , and replaces it ?	man
7639	The screen goes black and we see the end screen .	what goes black and we see the end screen ?	screen
7639	The screen goes black and we see the end screen .	what does the screen go black and we see ?	screen
7640	A group of people re riding stationary bikes in a big gym .	where do the group of people re riding stationary bikes . ?	gym
7641	One man moves a stationary bike .	who moves the stationary bike ?	man
7641	One man moves a stationary bike .	what does one man move ?	bicycle
7641	One man moves a stationary bike .	how many man moves the stationary bike ?	one
7642	A woman adjusts the top hat she is wearing .	who adjusts the top hat she is wearing ?	woman
7642	A woman adjusts the top hat she is wearing .	what does the woman adjust ?	hat
7643	A person is using a large armed window washing mechanism to wash the exterior , front , glass window of a sandwich store .	what is the person using ?	window
7644	The man continues to wash all four glass panes one by one using squiggly motions before leaving the window and walking away from the store .	who continues to wash all four glass panes one by one using squiggly motions before leaving the window and walking away from the store ?	man
7644	The man continues to wash all four glass panes one by one using squiggly motions before leaving the window and walking away from the store .	how many glass panes one does the man continue to wash by one using squiggly motions before leaving the window and walking away from the store ?	four
7645	A man is in the woods , balancing on a tight rope .	who is in the woods , balancing on a tight rope ?	man
7647	A little girl is playing in the sand .	who is playing in the sand ?	girl
7648	The girl grabs a shovel .	who grabs the shovel ?	girl
7648	The girl grabs a shovel .	what does the girl grab ?	shovel
7650	The camera pans to the water .	what pans to the water ?	camera
7651	The girl walks to the water .	who walks to the water ?	girl
7652	The girl walks into the water .	who walks into the water ?	girl
7653	A woman is doing a dance routine on a stage .	who is doing the dance routine on a stage ?	woman
7658	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
7659	We see two ladies dancing in a field .	who do we see dancing in a field ?	ladies
7659	We see two ladies dancing in a field .	how many ladies do we see dancing in a field ?	two
7662	We see the ladies on their knees in the field .	who do we see on their knees in the field ?	ladies
7663	We see three ladies on the field .	how many ladies do we see on the field ?	three
7664	We see two ladies dancing .	who do we see dancing ?	ladies
7664	We see two ladies dancing .	how many ladies do we see dancing ?	two
7665	We see the closing screens .	what do we see closing ?	screens
7668	The camera captures him from all over playing the piano as well as singing to the camera .	what captures him from all over playing the piano as well as singing to the camera ?	camera
7669	A man sits down with his leg on a chair .	who sits down with his leg on a chair ?	man
7670	A person puts waxing strips on his leg and pulls off the hair .	what does the person put on his leg ?	strips
7671	He puts his shirt over his face .	what does he put over his face ?	shirt
7673	A man in a green shirt is playing tennis while sitting on the ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
7675	The man in the green shirt is talking into a microphone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
7676	A man in a purple shirt then talks into the microphone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
7677	The man in green shirt continues to play tennis .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
7678	Two men are seen performing martial arts moves against one another and leads into a man speaking .	how many men are seen performing martial arts moves against one another and leads into a man speaking ?	two
7679	The man then demonstrates several martial arts moves with another man while still speaking to the camera .	who then demonstrates several martial arts moves with another man while still speaking to the camera ?	man
7680	The man continues these motions while stopping to demonstrate how it 's properly done .	who continues these motions while stopping to demonstrate how it 's properly done ?	man
7682	A man picks up the ball and throws it someone else .	who picks up the ball and throws it someone else ?	man
7682	A man picks up the ball and throws it someone else .	what does the man pick up ?	ball
7684	Guys stand around in an indoor court .	who stand around in an indoor court ?	guys
7685	Two guys play relay soccer , an athlete touches the hands of his opponent and a goalie before he kicks a served ball .	who play relay soccer , an athlete touches the hands of his opponent and a goalie before he kicks a served ball ?	guys
7685	Two guys play relay soccer , an athlete touches the hands of his opponent and a goalie before he kicks a served ball .	how many guys play relay soccer ?	two
7687	The guys pause for a short while .	who pause for the short while ?	guys
7688	A man pushes a lawnmower cutting down a high patch of weeds in a yard .	who pushes the lawnmower cutting down a high patch of weeds in a yard ?	man
7689	The man turns over the lawnmower on its side then clears out tangled grass .	who turns over the lawnmower on its side then clears out tangled grass ?	man
7690	The man backs up and swings the lawnmower around in a circle and turns the lawnmower in the opposite direction .	who backs up and swings the lawnmower around in a circle and turns the lawnmower in the opposite direction ?	man
7691	Various cupcakes are shown sitting on a plate and lettering comes up stating how to make them .	what are shown sitting on the plate and lettering comes up stating how to make them ?	cupcakes
7692	Several ingredients are shown and the person mixing the ingredients together in a bowl .	what are shown and the person mixing the ingredients together in a bowl ?	ingredients
7692	Several ingredients are shown and the person mixing the ingredients together in a bowl .	what are several ingredients shown and the person mixing together in a bowl ?	ingredients
7692	Several ingredients are shown and the person mixing the ingredients together in a bowl .	where are several ingredients shown and the person mixing the ingredients . ?	bowl
7693	The person blends all the ingredients and puts them in a pan to cook .	what does the person blend ?	ingredients
7694	The cupcakes are finally cooked and set out on a plate to enjoy .	what are finally cooked and set out on the plate to enjoy ?	cupcakes
7695	Several pictures are shown of nails close up and leads into a person painting text onto a nail .	what are shown of nails close up and leads into a person painting text onto a nail ?	pictures
7696	The person shows close ups of nail polish and continues painting on the nail .	what does the person continue on the nail ?	painting
7697	The woman finishes her design and shows off another picture of nails .	who finishes her design and shows off another picture of nails ?	woman
7698	A man sits in a kayak and holds his oar in a river showing how to use it properly .	who sits in the kayak and holds his oar in a river showing how to use it properly ?	man
7698	A man sits in a kayak and holds his oar in a river showing how to use it properly .	what does the man hold in a river showing how to use it properly ?	oar
7698	A man sits in a kayak and holds his oar in a river showing how to use it properly .	where does the man sit . ?	kayak
7699	The man leans back in his kayak to show balance techniques .	who leans back in his kayak to show balance techniques ?	man
7700	The kayak rider paddles into the white wash below a water fall and flips over then rights himself again .	what is the color of the wash ?	white
7701	A man is seen walking with a chair and puts it in the middle of a bowling lane .	who is seen walking with the chair and puts it in the middle of a bowling lane ?	man
7702	He high fives the audience and throws the ball over the chair and hits all the pins .	what does he hit ?	pins
7705	A woman shows how to use the dryer with different brushes .	who shows how to use the dryer with different brushes ?	woman
7706	The same woman then shows how to use the dryer with different attachments for different kinds of hair .	who then shows how to use the dryer with different attachments for different kinds of hair ?	woman
7710	The man push the puck around more over and under obstacles .	who push the puck around more over and under obstacles ?	man
7712	Two men then bungee jump off the side of the bridge and are shown swinging up using their legs .	how many men then bungee jump off the side of the bridge and are shown swinging up using their legs ?	two
7713	First there is a screen shown for a small amount of time letting viewers know what this video is about .	what is first there shown for a small amount of time letting viewers know what this video is about ?	screen
7714	Then there is a man riding different horses in different settings where people watch them .	who is then there riding different horses in different settings where people watch them ?	man
7715	In the first one , the horse runs with him on his back and he tries to jump over a wooden obstacle , but fails and there are many more fails .	what does in the first one , run with him on his back and he tries to jump over a wooden obstacle , but fails and there are many more fails ?	horse
7719	A man is seen standing on a rope and begins walking across the rope .	who is seen standing on the rope and begins walking across the rope ?	man
7720	The man continues walking while the camera captures his movements .	who continues walking while the camera captures his movements ?	man
7723	The camera walks to the end of the porch .	what walks to the end of the porch ?	camera
7724	The camera turns around while still looking at the porch .	what turns around while still looking at the porch ?	camera
7726	They are building a sand castle .	what are they building ?	castle
7727	A girl dumps a bucket full of sand in front of her .	who dumps the bucket full of sand in front of her ?	girl
7732	Two men are shown cleaning windows on the side of the building .	how many men are shown cleaning windows on the side of the building ?	two
7736	A man is talking in his microphone as some men are playing cricket behind him in the park .	who is talking in his microphone as some men are playing cricket behind him in the park ?	man
7736	A man is talking in his microphone as some men are playing cricket behind him in the park .	where is the man talking as some men are playing cricket behind him in the park . ?	microphone
7738	There 's a man hitting the ball with his cricket bat and another person trying to catch his ball .	who does there 's hitting the ball with his cricket bat and another person trying to catch his ball ?	man
7739	A squirrel is sitting on the park bench and enjoying the sunshine as well .	what is sitting on the park bench and enjoying the sunshine as well ?	squirrel
7740	A man is seen playing a saxophone into the camera and leads into him speaking .	who is seen playing the saxophone into the camera and leads into him speaking ?	man
7749	Two people are dressed in all black riding their bicycles down the road .	how many people are dressed in all black riding their bicycles down the road ?	two
7749	Two people are dressed in all black riding their bicycles down the road .	what is the color of the people ?	black
7750	The two boys are then pictured on a split screen against each other putting on their helmets .	who are then pictured on the split screen against each other putting on their helmets ?	boys
7750	The two boys are then pictured on a split screen against each other putting on their helmets .	how many boys are then pictured on the split screen against each other putting on their helmets ?	two
7751	The two then put on their green biking gloves and get back on the bikes .	what is the color of the gloves ?	green
7753	Once completed , the bikes are walked over and the boys begin to shake each others hand .	what are , walked over and the boys begin to shake each others hand ?	bicycles
7753	Once completed , the bikes are walked over and the boys begin to shake each others hand .	who are , the bikes walked over and begin to shake each others hand ?	boys
7755	People wait in an indoor gym as the instructor walks out .	where do people wait as the instructor walks out . ?	gym
7756	The class starts a stepercize class using black boxes .	the class starts a stepercize class using what ?	boxes
7756	The class starts a stepercize class using black boxes .	what is the color of the boxes ?	black
7757	The class finishes by waving their arms and the instructor walks away .	who does the class finish by waving their arms and walks away ?	instructor
7758	Two men are seen arm wrestling with one another while holding their arms down to the sides .	how many men are seen arm wrestling with one another while holding their arms down to the sides ?	two
7760	A man is standing under a basketball goal .	who is standing under the basketball goal ?	man
7763	The boys line up , prepared to play the game .	who up , prepared to play the game ?	line
7771	A woman squeezes a lemon .	who squeezes the lemon ?	woman
7771	A woman squeezes a lemon .	what does the woman squeeze ?	lemon
7772	She adds sugar to a large pitcher .	what does she add to a large pitcher ?	sugar
7775	Afterwards , she adds more sugar to the pitcher .	what does afterwards , she add to the pitcher ?	sugar
7776	She pours the finished lemonade into a cup .	what does she pour into a cup ?	lemonade
7778	Someone is at the bowling alley on a lane with a red ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
7779	He throws the ball , his foot goes up and the ball rolls to hit the pins .	what does he throw , his foot goes up and the ball rolls to hit the pins ?	ball
7779	He throws the ball , his foot goes up and the ball rolls to hit the pins .	what does he throw the ball , his foot goes up and rolls to hit the pins ?	ball
7782	A man plays the accordion on a stage in front of a music stand while wearing a red suit jacket .	who plays the accordion on a stage in front of a music stand while wearing a red suit jacket ?	man
7782	A man plays the accordion on a stage in front of a music stand while wearing a red suit jacket .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
7783	A man sits on a chair on a stage and plays the accordion in front of a music stands .	who sits on the chair on a stage and plays the accordion in front of a music stands ?	man
7783	A man sits on a chair on a stage and plays the accordion in front of a music stands .	what does the man play in front of a music stands ?	accordion
7784	Five women are in a room dancing .	who are in the room dancing ?	women
7784	Five women are in a room dancing .	how many women are in the room dancing ?	five
7786	They continue dancing together in the room .	where do they continue dancing . ?	room
7787	A woman wearing gloves is in front of a sink .	who is wearing gloves is in front of a sink ?	woman
7787	A woman wearing gloves is in front of a sink .	the woman wearing what is in front of a sink ?	gloves
7789	She then scrubs the sink until it is clean .	what does she then scrub ?	sink
7790	A man stands in front of the camera , then starts combing his hair forward .	who stands in front of the camera , then starts combing his hair forward ?	man
7795	The image is in color and the man blow drys his hair .	who is the image in color and drys his hair ?	blow
7796	The man uses a brush and instructions appear .	who uses the brush and instructions appear ?	man
7800	The man adds pomades to his hair .	who adds pomades to his hair ?	man
7800	The man adds pomades to his hair .	what does the man add to his hair ?	pomades
7801	The man brushes his hair with a brush .	who brushes his hair with a brush ?	man
7803	A horse runs wild with a trainer chasing after it .	what runs wild with the trainer chasing after it ?	horse
7804	A horse runs after and bucks a bull that charges it with its horns .	what runs after and bucks the bull that charges it with its horns ?	horse
7804	A horse runs after and bucks a bull that charges it with its horns .	what does the horse buck ?	bull
7805	The horse is let out of the coral by the cowboys .	what is let out of the coral by the cowboys ?	horse
7806	The horses intestines hang from its body from the injury .	what hang from its body from the injury ?	intestines
7807	The horse lies on the ground having a seizure .	what lies on the ground having a seizure ?	horse
7808	A bull chases after a cowboy on a horse carrying a lasso .	what chases after the cowboy on a horse carrying a lasso ?	bull
7809	A motorcyclist is in the bed and is woken up by an alarm clock .	who is in the bed and is woken up by an alarm clock ?	motorcyclist
7809	A motorcyclist is in the bed and is woken up by an alarm clock .	where is the motorcyclist . ?	bed
7810	The motorcyclist gets out of bed and prepares to leave by bathing using the bathroom and reading the newspaper .	who gets out of bed and prepares to leave by bathing using the bathroom and reading the newspaper ?	motorcyclist
7811	He rides the motorcycle down the hall and into the elevator .	what did he rid down the hall and into the elevator ?	motorcycle
7812	He exits the building and rides the motorcycle into a casino where he performs several tricks as people watch .	what does he exit the building and rides into a casino where he performs several tricks as people watch ?	motorcycle
7820	The dog pulls the lady down the street .	what pulls the lady down the street ?	dog
7820	The dog pulls the lady down the street .	who does the dog pull down the street ?	lady
7822	The man walks the dog up the stairs and in the driveway .	who walks the dog up the stairs and in the driveway ?	man
7822	The man walks the dog up the stairs and in the driveway .	what does the man walk up the stairs and in the driveway ?	dog
7824	We then see the black closing screen .	what do we then see closing ?	screen
7824	We then see the black closing screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7825	Female swimmer jump off into the water at a swim meet .	who off into the water at a swim meet ?	jump
7827	The swimmers repeatedly go back and forth down the swim lanes using various swimming techniques .	who repeatedly go back and forth down the swim lanes using various swimming techniques ?	swimmers
7829	There are some girls getting ready with the curling sticks and prepping the rink to play curling .	who are there getting ready with the curling sticks and prepping the rink to play curling ?	girls
7829	There are some girls getting ready with the curling sticks and prepping the rink to play curling .	there are some girls getting ready with the curling sticks and prepping what ?	rink
7830	Two girls dressed in black gear are playing the game as they go through the rink with their curling sticks pushing the rock .	who dressed in black gear are playing the game as they go through the rink with their curling sticks pushing the rock ?	girls
7830	Two girls dressed in black gear are playing the game as they go through the rink with their curling sticks pushing the rock .	how many girls dressed in black gear are playing the game as they go through the rink with their curling sticks pushing the rock ?	two
7830	Two girls dressed in black gear are playing the game as they go through the rink with their curling sticks pushing the rock .	what is the color of the gear ?	black
7831	One of the players glides through the floor and pushes the rock to the end of the rink .	what does one of the players push to the end of the rink ?	rock
7832	The two players continue playing as they go through the rink and slide the rocks till the end of the line .	how many players continue playing as they go through the rink and slide the rocks till the end of the line ?	two
7833	Two other players wearing pink play the game as they slide the rocks through the rink .	how many other players is wearing pink play the game as they slide the rocks through the rink ?	two
7834	The lady in black is doing a hairstyle tutorial and demonstrating on another woman who is seated next to her .	what is the color of the lady ?	black
7841	She also makes a bun out of the braid to complete the hairstyle .	what does she also make out of the braid to complete the hairstyle ?	bun
7842	She shows the hairspray bottle again that she has used on the model .	what does she show again ?	bottle
7843	A man and woman are standing in a starkly white room .	what is the color of the room ?	white
7843	A man and woman are standing in a starkly white room .	where are the man and woman standing . ?	room
7844	They lay plastic on the ground and fill a tub with white paint .	what do they fill with white paint ?	tub
7844	They lay plastic on the ground and fill a tub with white paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	white
7846	A man is seen practicing his ping pong abilities followed by him playing the game against another person .	who is seen practicing his ping pong abilities followed by him playing the game against another person ?	man
7847	A man watches on the side as the men continue to play with more people stopping to watch .	who watches on the side as the men continue to play with more people stopping to watch ?	man
7848	A woman in a bikini is standing in a room .	where is the woman in a bikini standing . ?	room
7850	The hula hoop is seen sitting next to a shirt .	what is seen sitting next to the shirt ?	hoop
7853	A woman is standing in front of an ironing board while talking .	who is standing in front of an ironing board while talking ?	woman
7854	She shows off a white shirt , which she sprays with something in a can .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
7854	She shows off a white shirt , which she sprays with something in a can .	which does she show off a white shirt , she sprays where . ?	can
7856	After she irons the shirt , the screen goes to an advertisement for Expert Village .	what is after she irons the shirt , goes to an advertisement for expert village ?	screen
7857	Two women are at the carwash .	who are at the carwash ?	women
7857	Two women are at the carwash .	how many women are at the carwash ?	two
7858	A car is covered in soap suds .	what is covered in soap suds ?	car
7859	The women begin to use a water hose to clean off the soap .	who begin to use the water hose to clean off the soap ?	women
7862	A young man prepares to complete a routine on the parallel bars .	who prepares to complete the routine on the parallel bars ?	man
7864	The young man uses a spring board to mount the bars .	who uses the spring board to mount the bars ?	man
7867	The young man completes his parallel bar routine .	who completes his parallel bar routine ?	man
7867	The young man completes his parallel bar routine .	what does the young man complete ?	routine
7870	A close up of a log is seen and a person swinging an ax up and down .	what is the close up of a log seen and a person swinging up and down ?	ax
7874	One man climbs a wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall .	who climbs the wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall ?	man
7874	One man climbs a wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall .	what does one man climb ?	wall
7874	One man climbs a wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall .	what do one man climb ?	wall
7874	One man climbs a wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall .	how many man climbs the wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall ?	one
7876	A man wearing a white shirt and frog pattern headgear touches his nipples while holding a recorder .	who is wearing a white shirt and frog pattern headgear touches his nipples while holding a recorder ?	man
7877	The man brings the recorder to his right nostril .	who brings the recorder to his right nostril ?	man
7877	The man brings the recorder to his right nostril .	what does the man bring to his right nostril ?	recorder
7878	The man begins to play the recorder .	who begins to play the recorder ?	man
7880	man is standing in a room mixing cement on a bucket .	who is standing in the room mixing cement on a bucket ?	man
7881	the man grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put white tiles .	who grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put white tiles ?	man
7881	the man grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put white tiles .	what does the man grab ?	mix
7881	the man grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put white tiles .	the man spread it in the floor and put what ?	tiles
7881	the man grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put white tiles .	what is the color of the tiles ?	white
7882	the man sweeps the floor and spread cement again to put the tiles in the remaining part of the room .	who sweeps the floor and spread cement again to put the tiles in the remaining part of the room ?	man
7884	We see two kids on a camel at a carnival .	how many kids do we see on a camel at a carnival ?	two
7885	The man leads the camel out of the pen as he smokes a cigarette .	who leads the camel out of the pen as he smokes a cigarette ?	man
7885	The man leads the camel out of the pen as he smokes a cigarette .	what does the man lead out of the pen ?	camel
7886	They pass the petting zoo .	what do they pass ?	zoo
7887	We see the mom taking pictures of the kids .	who do we see taking pictures of the kids ?	mom
7889	There is one man who 's in the room with two other men and he lifts up a weigh that weighs over 400 pounds .	who is there and he lifts up a weigh that weighs over 400 pounds ?	man
7889	There is one man who 's in the room with two other men and he lifts up a weigh that weighs over 400 pounds .	how many man is there who 's in the room with two other men ?	one
7895	A bull charges them and knocks them to the ground .	what charges them and knocks them to the ground ?	bull
7898	The child gets to the other side bows and runs back to the monkey bars jumping and laughing .	who gets to the other side bows and runs back to the monkey bars jumping and laughing ?	child
7899	The child jumps around happily and falls down but get right back up .	who jumps around happily and falls down but get right back up ?	child
7900	A woman is seen on an elliptical trainer in an ad .	who is seen on an elliptical trainer in an ad ?	woman
7902	A woman scrolls through a digital screen , then is seen riding the elliptical .	who scrolls through the digital screen , then is seen riding the elliptical ?	woman
7905	Two men are seen standing on a tennis court holding rackets and speaking to the camera .	how many men are seen standing on the tennis court holding rackets and speaking to the camera ?	two
7908	A woman is seen hosting a news segment with a man and leads into a person bring out a dog and petting the dog .	who is seen hosting the news segment with a man and leads into a person bring out a dog and petting the dog ?	woman
7909	The man then demonstrates how to properly groom the dog while the host continues to speak and pet the dog .	who then demonstrates how to properly groom the dog while the host continues to speak and pet the dog ?	man
7911	The boy throws the ball to the other boy and score .	who throws the ball to the other boy and score ?	boy
7911	The boy throws the ball to the other boy and score .	what does the boy throw to the other boy and score ?	ball
7912	The boys talk in the field .	who talk in the field ?	boys
7918	a man is seated , talking to the camera .	who is seated , talking to the camera ?	man
7921	A guy is standing on a beach flying a kite .	who is standing on the beach flying a kite ?	guy
7922	The guy continuously looks away from the kite 's position .	who continuously looks away from the kite 's position ?	guy
7923	A man approaches the guy .	who approaches the guy ?	man
7923	A man approaches the guy .	who does the man approach ?	guy
7924	A boy welds a piece of metal in an indoor shop while wearing a protective coat , helmet , goggles and gloves .	who welds the piece of metal in an indoor shop while wearing a protective coat , helmet , goggles and gloves ?	boy
7925	A boy in a shop talks to the camera while standing in front of a piece of metal and handling welding tools in preparation to weld .	where does the boy talk to the camera while standing in front of a piece of metal and handling welding tools in preparation to weld . ?	shop
7926	The boy begins to weld creating extreme sparks of fire like reactions in front of him over the material being welded .	who begins to weld creating extreme sparks of fire like reactions in front of him over the material being welded ?	boy
7928	The man shows his face again with the shaver putting cream on and beginning to shave .	who shows his face again with the shaver putting cream on and beginning to shave ?	man
7929	The man uses various tools on the other to shave as well as speaks to the camera .	who uses various tools on the other to shave as well as speaks to the camera ?	man
7929	The man uses various tools on the other to shave as well as speaks to the camera .	what does the man use on the other ?	tools
7930	A young lady shows a a beauty cream bottle .	who shows the a beauty cream bottle ?	lady
7930	A young lady shows a a beauty cream bottle .	what does the young lady show a ?	bottle
7931	Then , the young girl puts cream on hrs finger and rubs her shoulder .	then , who puts cream on hrs finger and rubs her shoulder ?	girl
7934	man is riding a horse inside a barn and with a rope catch a bull .	who is riding the horse inside a barn and with a rope catch a bull ?	man
7934	man is riding a horse inside a barn and with a rope catch a bull .	what is man riding inside a barn and with a rope catch a bull ?	horse
7935	man is standing on side of te barn .	who is standing on side of te barn ?	man
7936	A black female is shown in a room with a black scarf around her head .	what is the color of the female ?	black
7936	A black female is shown in a room with a black scarf around her head .	what is the color of the scarf ?	black
7937	Black spots on her faced are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it .	what is the color of the spots ?	black
7939	A police officer is riding a horse down the street very slowly .	who is riding the horse down the street very slowly ?	officer
7939	A police officer is riding a horse down the street very slowly .	what is the police officer riding down the street very slowly ?	horse
7940	Many bystanders are walking by , cars are passing and casually moving along .	who are walking by , cars are passing and casually moving along ?	bystanders
7943	A small young boy is outside running across a green field , he then reappears wearing a green helmet and a stick in his hand that is shaped like a paddle .	who is outside running across the green field , he then reappears wearing a green helmet and a stick in his hand that is shaped like a paddle ?	boy
7943	A small young boy is outside running across a green field , he then reappears wearing a green helmet and a stick in his hand that is shaped like a paddle .	what is the color of the field ?	green
7943	A small young boy is outside running across a green field , he then reappears wearing a green helmet and a stick in his hand that is shaped like a paddle .	what is the color of the helmet ?	green
7944	The boy then gathers with the rest of his team , they stand in a line , and begins scrimmaging against one another .	who then gathers with the rest of his team , they stand in a line , and begins scrimmaging against one another ?	boy
7945	As the game continues , the kids run back and forth across the field and the coaches trail behind them .	who do , run back and forth across the field and the coaches trail behind them ?	kids
7946	A screen says triple jump on it .	what says triple jump on it ?	screen
7947	A man is standing in a field before running and jumping into a square of dirt .	who is standing in the field before running and jumping into a square of dirt ?	man
7950	An athletic man dressed in blue approaches the gymnastic horse and stands there and stares at it for a few seconds .	who dressed in blue approaches the gymnastic horse and stands there and stares at it for a few seconds ?	man
7950	An athletic man dressed in blue approaches the gymnastic horse and stands there and stares at it for a few seconds .	an athletic man dressed in blue approaches what and stands there and stares at it for a few seconds ?	horse
7952	A boy looks around a corner and gets down on the ground .	who looks around the corner and gets down on the ground ?	boy
7953	An American flag is shown on the screen .	what is shown on the screen ?	flag
7954	There 's a man wearing a white colored vest and blue hard hat rowing in a yellow row boat with double sided oar .	who does there 's wearing a white colored vest and blue hard hat rowing in a yellow row boat with double sided oar ?	man
7954	There 's a man wearing a white colored vest and blue hard hat rowing in a yellow row boat with double sided oar .	what is the color of the vest ?	white
7954	There 's a man wearing a white colored vest and blue hard hat rowing in a yellow row boat with double sided oar .	what is the color of the rowing ?	blue
7954	There 's a man wearing a white colored vest and blue hard hat rowing in a yellow row boat with double sided oar .	what is the color of the boat ?	yellow
7960	a man is sitting in a chair next to the table watching the men while are playing .	who is sitting in the chair next to the table watching the men while are playing ?	man
7960	a man is sitting in a chair next to the table watching the men while are playing .	where is the man sitting . ?	chair
7961	the men are Accommodating the cups on the table .	what are the men accommodating on the table ?	cups
7965	Several bass drummers appear wearing jerseys .	who appear wearing jerseys ?	drummers
7967	A black screen appears with white words that read `` SPORT BEZ BARIER CURLING NA WOZKACH '' .	what appears with white words that read `` sport bez barier curling na wozkach '' ?	screen
7967	A black screen appears with white words that read `` SPORT BEZ BARIER CURLING NA WOZKACH '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7967	A black screen appears with white words that read `` SPORT BEZ BARIER CURLING NA WOZKACH '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
7968	An ice cleaner is now riding on an ice rink , and then people on wheelchairs start wheeling onto the rink .	what is now riding on an ice rink , and then people on wheelchairs start wheeling onto the rink ?	cleaner
7970	A white outro screen appears with black letters that include a list of names , websites and logos .	what appears with black letters that include a list of names , websites and logos ?	screen
7970	A white outro screen appears with black letters that include a list of names , websites and logos .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
7970	A white outro screen appears with black letters that include a list of names , websites and logos .	what is the color of the letters ?	black
7971	A gymnast is seen climbing onto a set of uneven bars and performing a routine while many watch on the side .	who is seen climbing onto the set of uneven bars and performing a routine while many watch on the side ?	gymnast
7973	A man washes his face in front of a mirror .	who washes his face in front of a mirror ?	man
7977	A girl in a purple blouse sits on a fence post as she is brushing a horse who is tied to the fence .	what is the color of the blouse ?	purple
7977	A girl in a purple blouse sits on a fence post as she is brushing a horse who is tied to the fence .	where does the girl sit on a fence post as she is brushing a horse who is tied to the fence . ?	blouse
7978	The girl stands on the fence post while reaching to brush the horses mane .	who stands on the fence post while reaching to brush the horses mane ?	girl
7979	The girl continues standing on the fence post leans onto the horses back and brushes the back of the horse as she smile at the camera .	who continues standing on the fence post leans onto the horses back and brushes the back of the horse as she smile at the camera ?	girl
7980	The girl mounts onto the horses back as she continues to brush the horses neck and mane .	who mounts onto the horses back as she continues to brush the horses neck and mane ?	girl
7981	The girl in the purple blouse dismounts the horse and stands on the fence post brushes the horses hind quarter .	what does the girl in the purple blouse dismount ?	horse
7981	The girl in the purple blouse dismounts the horse and stands on the fence post brushes the horses hind quarter .	what is the color of the blouse ?	purple
7982	A woman wearing a red outfit raises her hands and feet , alternating them in a slow and methodical fashion .	who is wearing a red outfit raises her hands and feet , alternating them in a slow and methodical fashion ?	woman
7982	A woman wearing a red outfit raises her hands and feet , alternating them in a slow and methodical fashion .	what is the color of the outfit ?	red
7984	The woman turns in several different directions , providing different actions before standing straight and still as her finale .	who turns in several different directions , providing different actions before standing straight and still as her finale ?	woman
7985	A black screen with white zooming text of a girls performance on the uneven bars .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7985	A black screen with white zooming text of a girls performance on the uneven bars .	what is the color of the text ?	white
7989	A black screen with white text appears followed by the gymnasts score .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
7989	A black screen with white text appears followed by the gymnasts score .	what is the color of the text ?	white
7991	A bar let 's go and the men ride around a long track on the bikes behind one another .	what let 's go and the men ride around a long track on the bikes behind one another ?	bar
7992	A man is seen standing in front of a bike speaking to the camera and leads into shots of him riding around .	who is seen standing in front of a bike speaking to the camera and leads into shots of him riding around ?	man
7993	The man continues to speak to the camera as more shots are shown of him riding the dirt bike around a track .	who continues to speak to the camera as more shots are shown of him riding the dirt bike around a track ?	man
7994	A woman is seen speaking to the camera in front of a large bush .	who is seen speaking to the camera in front of a large bush ?	woman
7995	The woman then uses a shovel along some dirt .	who then uses the shovel along some dirt ?	woman
7996	The camera pans around the plant when she is finished .	what pans around the plant when she is finished ?	camera
7998	The man pauses for a second .	who pauses for the second ?	man
7999	The man finishes his song and stops .	who finishes his song and stops ?	man
8000	We see the ending title screen with a cat on it .	what do we see with a cat on it ?	screen
8003	A young lady roller skate on the road in the forest .	who skate on the road in the forest ?	roller
8005	A man is seen riding on a treadmill followed by several images of the treadmill and a man taking pictures .	who is seen riding on the treadmill followed by several images of the treadmill and a man taking pictures ?	man
8006	A person undoes the machine and then rides on the machine and leads into more people taking pictures of the machine and people riding .	what does the person undo and then rides on the machine ?	machine
8009	The ladies with flags moved their flags up and down and rotate them as the band plays .	what did the ladies with flags move up and down ?	flags
8013	Two men start dancing on a stage .	how many men start dancing on the stage ?	two
8016	A man bends down and picks up a large weight .	who bends down and picks up the large weight ?	man
8019	a man and a woman are arm wrestling on top of a table in middle of stage and the woman wins .	who are the man and a woman arm wrestling on top of a table in middle of stage and wins ?	woman
8022	A woman is showing paintings of her work .	who is showing paintings of her work ?	woman
8024	The woman is explaining the materials used .	who is explaining the materials used ?	woman
8030	A group of girls in field hockey outfits walks onto a green field in a line .	what is the color of the field ?	green
8031	The girls are then seen in front of a male coach talking to them and pointing to spots on the field .	who are then seen in front of a male coach talking to them and pointing to spots on the field ?	girls
8032	Several girls are interviewed from the field and bleachers before and as video of the girls practicing field hockey are shown .	who are interviewed from the field and bleachers before and as video of the girls practicing field hockey are shown ?	girls
8033	The girls are then shown playing field hockey on a large green field interspersed with an interview from the coach .	who are then shown playing field hockey on a large green field interspersed with an interview from the coach ?	girls
8033	The girls are then shown playing field hockey on a large green field interspersed with an interview from the coach .	what is the color of the field ?	green
8034	man is standing talking to the camera showing a big metal piece .	who is standing talking to the camera showing a big metal piece ?	man
8035	te man in the room is playing the harmonica .	what is te man in the room playing ?	harmonica
8035	te man in the room is playing the harmonica .	where is te man playing the harmonica . ?	room
8036	the man stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room .	who stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room ?	man
8036	the man stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room .	what is the color of the room ?	white
8037	A white BMW 3 series is in a garage being cleaned by two men wearing safety jackets .	how many series is in the garage being cleaned by two men wearing safety jackets ?	three
8037	A white BMW 3 series is in a garage being cleaned by two men wearing safety jackets .	what is the color of the series ?	white
8038	There are two girls wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym .	who are there wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym ?	girls
8038	There are two girls wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym .	there are two girls wearing what and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym ?	tops
8038	There are two girls wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym .	how many girls are there wearing sparkly blue tank tops ?	two
8038	There are two girls wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym .	what is the color of the tops ?	blue
8038	There are two girls wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym .	what is the color of the dance ?	black
8038	There are two girls wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym .	where are two girls wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance . ?	gym
8040	Then they fling their sticks in the air and catch it and turn around to face the camera .	what did then they fling in the air ?	sticks
8048	A white car dives by on the street .	what dives by on the street ?	car
8048	A white car dives by on the street .	what is the color of the car ?	white
8049	A person holds a coffee mug in a pool of koi .	what does the person hold in a pool of koi ?	mug
8052	The man throws a ball down the lane and hits several pins .	who throws the ball down the lane and hits several pins ?	man
8052	The man throws a ball down the lane and hits several pins .	what does the man throw down the lane ?	ball
8052	The man throws a ball down the lane and hits several pins .	what does the man hit ?	pins
8053	He finally walks back up the lane .	what does he finally walk back up ?	lane
8055	The camera zooms in on the machine and the man takes a ski and runs the ski over the machine .	what zooms in on the machine and the man takes a ski and runs the ski over the machine ?	camera
8055	The camera zooms in on the machine and the man takes a ski and runs the ski over the machine .	who does the camera zoom in on the machine and takes a ski and runs the ski over the machine ?	man
8056	He shows off the ski while continuing to use them on the machine and showing off how they look .	what does he show off ?	ski
8057	man wearing a green shirt is assembling a bicycle on the middle of a living room .	who is wearing a green shirt is assembling a bicycle on the middle of a living room ?	man
8057	man wearing a green shirt is assembling a bicycle on the middle of a living room .	man wearing what is assembling a bicycle on the middle of a living room ?	shirt
8057	man wearing a green shirt is assembling a bicycle on the middle of a living room .	what is man wearing a green shirt is assembling on the middle of a living room ?	bicycle
8057	man wearing a green shirt is assembling a bicycle on the middle of a living room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
8058	another man wearing a blue sweater is helping the other man assembling the bicycles .	who is wearing a blue sweater is helping the other man assembling the bicycles ?	man
8058	another man wearing a blue sweater is helping the other man assembling the bicycles .	another man wearing what is helping the other man assembling the bicycles ?	sweater
8058	another man wearing a blue sweater is helping the other man assembling the bicycles .	who is another man wearing a blue sweater is helping ?	man
8058	another man wearing a blue sweater is helping the other man assembling the bicycles .	what is the color of the sweater ?	blue
8059	men are assembling three bicycles on living room .	what are men assembling on living room ?	bicycles
8059	men are assembling three bicycles on living room .	how many bicycles are men assembling on living room ?	three
8060	A man is seen standing with his arms up and walks in between a set of uneven bars .	who is seen standing with his arms up and walks in between a set of uneven bars ?	man
8061	The man then hopes up on the bars and begins spinning himself around .	who then hopes up on the bars and begins spinning himself around ?	man
8063	A man talking about how to work out in a certain position .	who is talking about how to work out in a certain position ?	man
8065	Then he grabs the bar and demonstrates like that also .	what does then he grab ?	bar
8067	A Man is shown throwing a bowling ball down a lane .	who is shown throwing the bowling ball down a lane ?	man
8069	A woman interview the professional bowler and put on an apparatus on his wrist .	who interview the professional bowler and put on an apparatus on his wrist ?	woman
8069	A woman interview the professional bowler and put on an apparatus on his wrist .	who do the woman interview ?	bowler
8070	He then is shown gripping the ball and makes a throw in slow motion .	what is he then shown ?	ball
8076	A woman exercise sniping a stick on her hand in a filed .	who exercise sniping the stick on her hand in a filed ?	woman
8077	The woman exercise on front the ocean spinning the stick on her neck .	who exercise on front the ocean spinning the stick on her neck ?	woman
8078	Then , the woman throws the stick on the air .	who does then , throw the stick on the air ?	woman
8079	After , the woman pass the stick from hand to another on her folded arm .	who do after , pass the stick from hand to another on her folded arm ?	woman
8081	The artist continues drawing all over the person 's leg while looking up every once in a while to the camera .	who continues drawing all over the person 's leg while looking up every once in a while to the camera ?	artist
8082	woman is standing in the middle of stage playing the flute .	who is standing in the middle of stage playing the flute ?	woman
8083	women are standing in sage behind the woman with the flute standing holding microphones .	who are standing in sage behind the woman with the flute standing holding microphones ?	women
8085	There 's a little girl in a pink shirt and black tights and pink shoes playing hop scotch in a playground .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
8089	A man is seated at a black jack table .	who is seated at the black jack table ?	man
8089	A man is seated at a black jack table .	what is the color of the table ?	black
8092	A male gymnast hops up onto bars and begins performing a gymnastics routine .	who hops up onto bars and begins performing a gymnastics routine ?	gymnast
8093	He swings around the bars over and over again while the judges watch and critique .	what does he swing around over and over ?	bars
8094	The man eventually jumps off and the video fades away into an effect .	who eventually jumps off and the video fades away into an effect ?	man
8095	A man wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a bag in an empty room .	who is wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a bag in an empty room ?	man
8095	A man wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a bag in an empty room .	the man wearing boxing what is seen hitting a bag in an empty room ?	gloves
8095	A man wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a bag in an empty room .	where is the man wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a bag . ?	room
8096	He continuously hits the bag over and over again while pausing in between punches to catch his breath .	he continuously hits what over and over ?	bag
8097	Two bikers are riding their motor bikes through rough terrain .	what are two bikers riding through rough terrain ?	bicycles
8097	Two bikers are riding their motor bikes through rough terrain .	how many bikers are riding their motor bikes through rough terrain ?	two
8103	A woman is washing her face in a sink .	who is washing her face in a sink ?	woman
8103	A woman is washing her face in a sink .	where is the woman washing her face . ?	sink
8106	There 's a woman long black hair looking in a mirror and brushing her hair .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
8108	A bartender begins speaking to the camera and pours ice into a glass .	who begins speaking to the camera and pours ice into a glass ?	bartender
8110	Finally she mixes grenadine with some sweet and sour mix with soda water .	what does finally she mix with some sweet and sour mix with soda water ?	grenadine
8111	Finally she mixes all the components together and creates a nice alcoholic beverage .	what does finally she create ?	beverage
8112	A young girl is standing on a stage in front of 4 judges that are sitting along a table and they are talking to her .	who is standing on the stage in front of 4 judges that are sitting along a table and they are talking to her ?	girl
8113	The girl then begins her performance where she is dancing ballet and singing and when they pan to the judges and the audience they seem pleased with her performance .	who then begins her performance where she is dancing ballet and singing and when they pan to the judges and the audience they seem pleased with her performance ?	girl
8115	The judges then take turns speaking with her expressing their approval , and the girl is very happy about it .	who do the judges then take , and is very happy about it ?	girl
8116	The girl then runs off the stage and behind the curtains she gives a man who is possibly her dad , a kiss and a hug .	who then runs off the stage and behind the curtains she gives a man who is possibly her dad , a kiss and a hug ?	girl
8116	The girl then runs off the stage and behind the curtains she gives a man who is possibly her dad , a kiss and a hug .	who does the girl then run off the stage and behind the curtains she gives ?	man
8118	The girls continue playing the match while others watch on the sidelines and walk back slowly in the end .	who continue playing the match while others watch on the sidelines and walk back slowly in the end ?	girls
8119	A girl does a balance beam routine and jumps around .	who does the balance beam routine and jumps around ?	girl
8120	After stretching , the woman does four flips .	who are after stretching , does four flips ?	woman
8120	After stretching , the woman does four flips .	how many flips is after stretching , the woman does ?	four
8121	The woman dismounts and finishes the routine .	who dismounts and finishes the routine ?	woman
8122	On a river outside the boys are walking down the street as cars pass by .	who are on the river outside walking down the street as cars pass by ?	boys
8126	A guy shows you how to hold a small sharp ending stick in your hand and between your fingers to use as a weapon .	who shows you how to hold a small sharp ending stick in your hand and between your fingers to use as a weapon ?	guy
8127	The man shows you how to throw the sharp ended stick into the wall and make it stick from different distances .	who shows you how to throw the sharp ended stick into the wall and make it stick from different distances ?	man
8131	We see a man put a bowling ball in a cannon and shoot it across a field .	where do we see a man put a bowling ball and shoot it across a field . ?	cannon
8135	There 's a lady in green sanding the counter giving out tickets to people who are purchasing them for snow tubing .	what is the color of the lady ?	green
8140	An athlete climbs on the pommel horse to perform jumps and flips .	who climbs on the pommel horse to perform jumps and flips ?	athlete
8141	The athlete flips backwards and then continues with her routine .	who backwards and then continues with her routine ?	flips
8142	The athlete stands on the border on the pommel horse and runs to jump , then flips and fall stand on the floor .	who stands on the border on the pommel horse and runs to jump , then flips and fall stand on the floor ?	athlete
8143	men are riding a horse in a barn and throw a rope to catch a bull .	what do men throw ?	rope
8143	men are riding a horse in a barn and throw a rope to catch a bull .	where are men riding a horse . ?	barn
8146	The man pump up the crowd and continue dancing as the others follow along in the mirror .	who pump up the crowd and continue dancing as the others follow along in the mirror ?	man
8146	The man pump up the crowd and continue dancing as the others follow along in the mirror .	where do the man continue dancing as the others follow along . ?	mirror
8147	A man is shoveling up some mulch into a wheel barrel .	who is shoveling up some mulch into a wheel barrel ?	man
8147	A man is shoveling up some mulch into a wheel barrel .	what is the man shoveling up into a wheel barrel ?	mulch
8148	He brings the wheel barrel over and dumps it in a pile where a woman is using a rake to spread it evenly out .	what does he bring over ?	barrel
8152	She then spots a little girl through a backflip .	who does she then spot through a backflip ?	girl
8157	A large off-roading truck drives by along a dirt track next to a body of water and comes to a stop .	what drives by along the dirt track next to a body of water and comes to a stop ?	truck
8158	Many spectators approach the vehicle , while the driver climbs out of the vehicle and attempts to remove a tire from the back of the truck .	who approach the vehicle , while the driver climbs out of the vehicle and attempts to remove a tire from the back of the truck ?	spectators
8159	While the tire is being replaced , the driver climbs back into the truck , and a specator takes a picture of the vehicle .	who does , climb back into the truck , and a specator takes a picture of the vehicle ?	driver
8160	Other spectators come to the driver side to talk with the driver .	who come to the driver side to talk with the driver ?	spectators
8161	The tire is replaced and the truck drives off .	what is replaced and the truck drives off ?	tire
8161	The tire is replaced and the truck drives off .	what is the tire replaced and drives off ?	truck
8163	There are three contractors remodeling a house that is torn down for renovation .	who are there remodeling a house that is torn down for renovation ?	contractors
8163	There are three contractors remodeling a house that is torn down for renovation .	there are three contractors remodeling what ?	house
8163	There are three contractors remodeling a house that is torn down for renovation .	how many contractors are there remodeling a house that is torn down for renovation ?	three
8164	One of the contractors is cementing a brick wall .	what is one of the contractors cementing ?	wall
8165	The other contractor is breaking an existing wall in the living room .	who is breaking an existing wall in the living room ?	contractor
8165	The other contractor is breaking an existing wall in the living room .	where is the other contractor breaking an existing wall . ?	room
8166	The entire house is under renovation with furniture and boxes lying around the house with dust .	what is under renovation with furniture and boxes lying around the house with dust ?	house
8167	kid is sitting in a red room talkin to the camera .	who is sitting in the red room talkin to the camera ?	kid
8167	kid is sitting in a red room talkin to the camera .	what is the color of the talkin ?	red
8168	the kid grabs a guitar and start playing it and singing .	who grabs the guitar and start playing it and singing ?	kid
8168	the kid grabs a guitar and start playing it and singing .	what does the kid grab ?	guitar
8169	kid is playing the guitar and talking to the camera in a small room .	who is playing the guitar and talking to the camera in a small room ?	kid
8169	kid is playing the guitar and talking to the camera in a small room .	what is kid playing and talking to the camera in a small room ?	guitar
8170	A little girl is shown in several images receiving a haircut .	who is shown in several images receiving a haircut ?	girl
8171	The girl is shown in various photos , holding the hair she is going to donate .	who is shown in various photos , holding the hair she is going to donate ?	girl
8172	A man bends down and picks up two kettle bells .	who bends down and picks up two kettle bells ?	man
8172	A man bends down and picks up two kettle bells .	what does the man pick up ?	bells
8172	A man bends down and picks up two kettle bells .	how many kettle bells does the man pick up ?	two
8173	He raises and lowers the kettle bells .	what does he raise and lowers ?	bells
8175	A man stands behind a bar with several mixed drinks .	who stands behind the bar with several mixed drinks ?	man
8178	A man is wearing a contraption which holds his small son on his back as he hikes in the woods .	who is wearing the contraption which holds his small son on his back as he hikes in the woods ?	man
8178	A man is wearing a contraption which holds his small son on his back as he hikes in the woods .	what is the man wearing ?	contraption
8179	We see the boy playing in an indoor porch at the house .	who do we see in an indoor porch at the house ?	playing
8180	The boy runs into the yard and his dad puts a helmet on him and helps him skateboard .	who runs into the yard and his dad puts a helmet on him and helps him skateboard ?	boy
8180	The boy runs into the yard and his dad puts a helmet on him and helps him skateboard .	who does the boy run into the yard and puts a helmet on him and helps him skateboard ?	dad
8180	The boy runs into the yard and his dad puts a helmet on him and helps him skateboard .	what does the boy run into the yard and his dad puts on him and helps him skateboard ?	helmet
8181	The dad skateboards and holds the boy .	who skateboards and holds the boy ?	dad
8181	The dad skateboards and holds the boy .	who does the dad skateboard and holds ?	boy
8182	We then see the ending screen and switch to the boy sitting on a rock high five his dad and we return to the close screen .	what do we then see and we return to the close screen ?	screen
8182	We then see the ending screen and switch to the boy sitting on a rock high five his dad and we return to the close screen .	who do we then switch to the boy sitting on a rock high five and we return to the close screen ?	dad
8183	An athlete walks onto a field .	who walks onto the field ?	athlete
8186	There 's a teenage boy wearing a black beanie hat skateboarding through the city streets .	who does there 's wearing a black beanie hat skateboarding through the city streets ?	boy
8186	There 's a teenage boy wearing a black beanie hat skateboarding through the city streets .	there 's a teenage boy wearing what through the city streets ?	skateboarding
8186	There 's a teenage boy wearing a black beanie hat skateboarding through the city streets .	what is the color of the skateboarding ?	black
8187	He skateboards wearing a white shirt while jumping over a small cement wall .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
8189	Then in a green shirt , he skateboards past a school , straight into a basketball court and then jumps over a metal railing .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
8190	Then back in a white shirt , he tries stunts by jumping up to a metal hand rail on his skateboard .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
8193	A woman is sitting in a living room on a couch talking to the camera explaining what she is about to do .	who is sitting in the living room on a couch talking to the camera explaining what she is about to do ?	woman
8194	The camera pans down and the lady begins showing important aspects of the object she is knitting .	what pans down and the lady begins showing important aspects of the object she is knitting ?	camera
8194	The camera pans down and the lady begins showing important aspects of the object she is knitting .	who does the camera pan down and begins showing important aspects of the object she is knitting ?	lady
8195	When she is done , she grabs the needle , puts the thread in it and finishes knitting .	what does , she grab ?	needle
8196	First a boy is shown eating a thin waffle .	who is first shown eating the thin waffle ?	boy
8197	then an elderly lady is shown drinking water from a small glass .	who is then shown drinking water from a small glass ?	lady
8198	Next there is a little boy shown dipping his hand into a parfait and then grabbing a spoon from another boy and then eating the parfait .	who is next there shown dipping his hand into a parfait and then grabbing a spoon from another boy and then eating the parfait ?	boy
8199	Finally a boy is shown eating a spoonful of a milkshake from a glass that has waffles in it .	who is finally shown eating the spoonful of a milkshake from a glass that has waffles in it ?	boy
8200	A man splits hardwood for use in wood stoves .	who splits hardwood for use in wood stoves ?	man
8202	A man stands in front of a counter with his hands down in front of equipment .	who stands in front of a counter with his hands down in front of equipment ?	man
8203	He uses the surface to rub a knife blade back and forth , sharpening it .	what does he use ?	surface
8204	When he is done , he checks the blade before lying the knife back down .	what does , he check before lying the knife back down ?	blade
8206	The camera pans around the other team playing with the group while others watch on the side .	what pans around the other team playing with the group while others watch on the side ?	camera
8208	The camera follows a small child on skis as he or she maneuvers past a crowd of people .	what follows the small child on skis as he or she maneuvers past a crowd of people ?	camera
8208	The camera follows a small child on skis as he or she maneuvers past a crowd of people .	who does the camera follow on skis ?	child
8209	The child skis down a slope with other people at various points along the trail .	who skis down the slope with other people at various points along the trail ?	child
8210	The child stops as the cameraperson approaches .	who stops as the cameraperson approaches ?	child
8212	A woman is putting something onto another woman 's body .	who is putting something onto another woman 's body ?	woman
8222	The little boy goes and kick down all the castle parts that they were creating .	who goes and kick down all the castle parts that they were creating ?	boy
8223	A man is seen playing a saxophone and transitions from various locations of the person playing the instrument .	who is seen playing the saxophone and transitions from various locations of the person playing the instrument ?	man
8224	The man is then seen side by side with himself and more shots of him playing in a room .	who is then seen side by side with himself and more shots of him playing in a room ?	man
8225	A man is hanging on a rock wall and talking to the camera .	who is hanging on the rock wall and talking to the camera ?	man
8226	The man swings back and fourth and how to keep your balance when rock climbing .	who swings back and fourth and how to keep your balance when rock climbing ?	man
8229	He finally makes it to the top of the rock wall and faces the camera .	what does he finally face ?	camera
8233	A man is playing the hand drums in a living room .	who is playing the hand drums in a living room ?	man
8233	A man is playing the hand drums in a living room .	what is the man playing in a living room ?	drums
8233	A man is playing the hand drums in a living room .	where is the man playing the hand drums . ?	room
8234	The man throws his head back .	who throws his head back ?	man
8236	We zoom out and see the whole man .	who do we see ?	man
8238	Boys get out a train and walk in the street holding surfboards .	what do boys get out ?	train
8238	Boys get out a train and walk in the street holding surfboards .	where do boys walk . ?	surfboards
8240	A boy put his surfboard on the rives , jump on and surf , then fell , also other boys surf .	who put his surfboard on the rives , jump on and surf , then fell , also other boys surf ?	boy
8240	A boy put his surfboard on the rives , jump on and surf , then fell , also other boys surf .	what did the boy put on the rives , also other boys surf ?	surfboard
8240	A boy put his surfboard on the rives , jump on and surf , then fell , also other boys surf .	the boy put his surfboard on the rives , jump on and surf , then fell , also who surf ?	boys
8241	After , the boys are inside a train .	who are after , inside the train ?	boys
8245	A lady named Linda , creator of Paint Along is demonstrating how to do an acrylic painting .	who named linda , creator of paint along is demonstrating how to do an acrylic painting ?	lady
8247	She makes X patterns across the canvas with the yellow color .	what is the color of the color ?	yellow
8249	Then she draws straight lines across the canvas with an orange color .	what is the color of the color ?	orange
8253	We see a man in a pool playing a game while a man in white stands on the sideline waving his arm .	what is the color of the man ?	white
8254	The ball is thrown and the goalie in front of the net jumps to stop the ball .	what is thrown and the goalie in front of the net jumps to stop the ball ?	ball
8255	The goalie then dips deep underwater .	who then dips deep underwater ?	goalie
8256	An Asian woman with black hair in beige jacket and printed blouse , is talking in front of the camera .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
8257	A young woman is shown sitting down and speaking to the camera white holding a shirt .	who is shown sitting down and speaking to the camera white holding a shirt ?	woman
8257	A young woman is shown sitting down and speaking to the camera white holding a shirt .	what is the color of the camera ?	white
8259	A man is seated in a chair , holding a saxophone .	who is seated in the chair , holding a saxophone ?	man
8259	A man is seated in a chair , holding a saxophone .	where is the man seated , holding a saxophone . ?	chair
8261	The screen cuts to black and white text .	what cuts to black and white text ?	screen
8262	We see the green opening screens .	what do we see ?	screens
8262	We see the green opening screens .	what is the color of the screens ?	green
8263	We then see a person shovel snow with a pusher .	what do we then see with a pusher ?	snow
8264	We see an title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
8265	We we a man plowing an ice rink with his shovel .	we we who plowing an ice rink with his shovel ?	man
8265	We we a man plowing an ice rink with his shovel .	we we a man plowing what with his shovel ?	rink
8266	We then see the product screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
8267	We see a closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
8270	We see kids talking to the camera .	who do we see talking to the camera ?	kids
8271	We see a gate open and kids start riding .	who do we see and start riding ?	kids
8276	We then see the close screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
8277	A man wearing a hat is standing outside .	who is wearing a hat is standing outside ?	man
8277	A man wearing a hat is standing outside .	the man wearing what is standing outside ?	hat
8280	There are a bunch of children standing around a table and the main focus is a boy who is cutting stuff on a blue tray .	who are there a bunch of children standing around a table and the main focus is ?	boy
8280	There are a bunch of children standing around a table and the main focus is a boy who is cutting stuff on a blue tray .	what is the color of the tray ?	blue
8281	The boy walks away from the tray and an adult starts cutting .	who walks away from the tray and an adult starts cutting ?	boy
8281	The boy walks away from the tray and an adult starts cutting .	who does the boy walk away from the tray and starts cutting ?	adult
8282	The adult stops cutting and another boy begins to cut the objects very slowly , the adult interrupts the child to demonstrate how to cut and the child walks away .	who stops cutting and another boy begins to cut the objects very slowly , the adult interrupts the child to demonstrate how to cut and the child walks away ?	adult
8282	The adult stops cutting and another boy begins to cut the objects very slowly , the adult interrupts the child to demonstrate how to cut and the child walks away .	who does the adult stop and begins to cut the objects very slowly , the adult interrupts the child to demonstrate how to cut and the child walks away ?	boy
8282	The adult stops cutting and another boy begins to cut the objects very slowly , the adult interrupts the child to demonstrate how to cut and the child walks away .	who does the adult stop and another boy begins , interrupts the child to demonstrate how to cut and the child walks away ?	adult
8282	The adult stops cutting and another boy begins to cut the objects very slowly , the adult interrupts the child to demonstrate how to cut and the child walks away .	who does the adult stop and another boy begins , the adult interrupts and the child walks away ?	child
8282	The adult stops cutting and another boy begins to cut the objects very slowly , the adult interrupts the child to demonstrate how to cut and the child walks away .	who does the adult stop and another boy begins , the adult interrupts the child and walks away ?	child
8283	Two people are seen speaking to the camera followed by several drinks laid out .	how many people are seen speaking to the camera followed by several drinks laid out ?	two
8286	A man is throwing a blue frisbee and a dog is chasing after it .	who is throwing the blue frisbee and a dog is chasing after it ?	man
8286	A man is throwing a blue frisbee and a dog is chasing after it .	what is the man throwing and a dog is chasing after it ?	frisbee
8286	A man is throwing a blue frisbee and a dog is chasing after it .	what is the man throwing a blue frisbee and is chasing after it ?	dog
8286	A man is throwing a blue frisbee and a dog is chasing after it .	what is the color of the frisbee ?	blue
8287	The dog is jumping over the man kneeling down on the grass .	what is jumping over the man kneeling down on the grass ?	dog
8289	Mountains are seen in the background and a boy rides in a car .	what are seen in the background and a boy rides in a car ?	mountains
8289	Mountains are seen in the background and a boy rides in a car .	where are mountains seen . ?	car
8290	Skateboarders ride down through a parking garage together .	who ride down through the parking garage together ?	skateboarders
8291	The skateboards ride down a hill the skid at the bottom .	what ride down the hill the skid at the bottom ?	skateboards
8292	The boy sets his board standing upright .	who sets his board standing upright ?	boy
8293	A boy skateboards through the bleachers of a stadium .	who skateboards through the bleachers of a stadium ?	boy
8295	A volleyball player hits the ball .	what does the volleyball player hit ?	ball
8296	The player 's teammate also hits the ball .	who also hits the ball ?	teammate
8296	The player 's teammate also hits the ball .	what does the player 's teammate also hit ?	ball
8298	The players teammate hits the ball .	who hits the ball ?	teammate
8298	The players teammate hits the ball .	what does the players teammate hit ?	ball
8300	The ball returns and one of the players hits the ball .	what does the ball returns and one of the players hit ?	ball
8301	The players teammate dives to hit the ball .	who dives to hit the ball ?	teammate
8302	The other player hits the ball to the other team .	what does the other player hit to the other team ?	ball
8304	A girl does flips across a mat .	who does flips across a mat ?	girl
8305	The mat is black and red .	what is black and red ?	mat
8306	Several girls watch her and clap .	who watch her and clap ?	girls
8308	A woman is playing a violin on the street while various people walk around here and behind her .	who is playing the violin on the street while various people walk around here and behind her ?	woman
8310	A man adjust his camera and captures a close up of his hand and face .	who adjust his camera and captures a close up of his hand and face ?	man
8310	A man adjust his camera and captures a close up of his hand and face .	what do the man adjust ?	camera
8311	A young child wearing a green shirt is playing some conga percussion instruments .	who is wearing a green shirt is playing some conga percussion instruments ?	child
8311	A young child wearing a green shirt is playing some conga percussion instruments .	the young child wearing what is playing some conga percussion instruments ?	shirt
8311	A young child wearing a green shirt is playing some conga percussion instruments .	what is the young child wearing a green shirt is playing percussion ?	instruments
8311	A young child wearing a green shirt is playing some conga percussion instruments .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
8312	An older boy wearing a burgundy shirt moves into the picture behind the child who is playing the Conga 's and begins to dance .	who is wearing a burgundy shirt moves into the picture behind the child who is playing the conga 's and begins to dance ?	boy
8312	An older boy wearing a burgundy shirt moves into the picture behind the child who is playing the Conga 's and begins to dance .	an older boy wearing what into the picture behind the child who is playing the conga 's and begins to dance ?	moves
8314	The young child returns to continue playing the conga 's as a child wearing a blue shirt walks behind the young conga player .	who returns to continue playing the conga 's as a child wearing a blue shirt walks behind the young conga player ?	child
8314	The young child returns to continue playing the conga 's as a child wearing a blue shirt walks behind the young conga player .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
8316	A man stands in front as the group begins pulling the rope to one side .	who stands in front as the group begins pulling the rope to one side ?	man
8318	A man is seen doing various flips and tricks on a gym floor while others practice behind him .	who is seen doing various flips and tricks on a gym floor while others practice behind him ?	man
8319	The man continues slipping around the room while people walking him stop and watch .	who continues slipping around the room while people walking him stop and watch ?	man
8320	a young girl in a yellow outfit poses with a baton .	what is the color of the outfit ?	yellow
8322	The girl spins , sits , slides , and twirls as she performs .	who spins , sits , slides , and twirls as she performs ?	girl
8326	Some coaches are walking around with hats to keep the sun out of their eyes .	who are walking around with hats to keep the sun out of their eyes ?	coaches
8329	A man is doing some paperwork while some other men are standing in the background next to a projector screen .	who is doing some paperwork while some other men are standing in the background next to a projector screen ?	man
8331	The kids are inside a classroom watching a presentation by the man seen earlier .	who are inside the classroom watching a presentation by the man seen earlier ?	kids
8332	The kids are seen once again inside the gym practicing their breakdancing moves .	who are seen once again inside the gym practicing their breakdancing moves ?	kids
8333	The screen goes black and a graphic appears on screen showing the company 's logo and youtube channel information .	what goes black and the graphic appears on screen showing the company 's logo and youtube channel information ?	screen
8333	The screen goes black and a graphic appears on screen showing the company 's logo and youtube channel information .	what does the screen go black and appears on screen showing the company 's logo and youtube channel information ?	graphic
8335	He ropes a calf , dragging it to the ground .	what did he rope , ?	calf
8343	The guys shake hands and hug .	who shake hands and hug ?	guys
8345	Two men are playing racket ball in an indoor court .	how many men are playing racket ball in an indoor court ?	two
8346	The two men , one in black and the other in a red shirt playing racket ball against each other .	what is the color of the men ?	black
8346	The two men , one in black and the other in a red shirt playing racket ball against each other .	what is the color of the playing ?	red
8347	The man in black begins the first serve and the man in the red shirt returns his serve .	what is the color of the man ?	black
8347	The man in black begins the first serve and the man in the red shirt returns his serve .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
8349	Then the same players play racket ball on a different occasion wearing black and the other wearing a yellow shirt .	what do then the same players play on a different occasion wearing black and the other wearing a yellow shirt ?	ball
8349	Then the same players play racket ball on a different occasion wearing black and the other wearing a yellow shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
8351	They play several rounds on the game .	what do they play on the game ?	rounds
8352	They are back again in the red and black shirts playing racket ball .	what are they back again in the red and black shirts playing ?	ball
8353	They run to hit and the ball served by the opponent as they continue to play .	what do they run and served by the opponent as they continue to play ?	ball
8356	Swimmers jump from the diving board , they spins three times in the air before to dive inn the water .	who jump from the diving board , they spins three times in the air before to dive inn the water ?	swimmers
8359	35 The man spins the lady making her dress flounce and looks at her chest .	35 who spins the lady making her dress flounce and looks at her chest ?	man
8359	35 The man spins the lady making her dress flounce and looks at her chest .	who does 35 the man spin making her dress flounce ?	lady
8359	35 The man spins the lady making her dress flounce and looks at her chest .	35 the man spins the lady making what and looks at her chest ?	flounce
8361	The man bends the woman forward looking at her chest two times and almost puts his hand on her neck .	who bends the woman forward looking at her chest two times and almost puts his hand on her neck ?	man
8361	The man bends the woman forward looking at her chest two times and almost puts his hand on her neck .	who did the man bend forward ?	woman
8361	The man bends the woman forward looking at her chest two times and almost puts his hand on her neck .	how many times did the man bend the woman forward looking at her chest ?	two
8362	A black man caresses his beard and face in a loving way .	who caresses his beard and face in a loving way ?	man
8362	A black man caresses his beard and face in a loving way .	what is the color of the man ?	black
8363	The black man uses a clipper trimmer to trim his beard and face .	who uses the clipper trimmer to trim his beard and face ?	man
8363	The black man uses a clipper trimmer to trim his beard and face .	what is the color of the man ?	black
8364	The black man attaches an orange attachment to the clippers and continues trimming his beard .	who attaches an orange attachment to the clippers and continues trimming his beard ?	man
8364	The black man attaches an orange attachment to the clippers and continues trimming his beard .	what is the color of the man ?	black
8364	The black man attaches an orange attachment to the clippers and continues trimming his beard .	what is the color of the attachment ?	orange
8365	The black man washes his face and beard and displays an array of accessories and applies them to his face and beard .	who washes his face and beard and displays an array of accessories and applies them to his face and beard ?	man
8365	The black man washes his face and beard and displays an array of accessories and applies them to his face and beard .	what is the color of the man ?	black
8368	A person wearing a blue shirt is sitting on the floor welding .	the person wearing what is sitting on the floor welding ?	shirt
8368	A person wearing a blue shirt is sitting on the floor welding .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
8369	He is wearing protective gear to cover his face and eyes .	what is he wearing ?	gear
8372	A large piece of machinery is seen sitting in a room .	where is the large piece of machinery seen sitting . ?	room
8374	The robot fails and pulls it 's arm back in .	what fails and pulls it 's arm back in ?	robot
8377	Two women are interviewed on camera sequentially .	who are interviewed on camera sequentially ?	women
8377	Two women are interviewed on camera sequentially .	how many women are interviewed on camera sequentially ?	two
8380	The man then picks up the handlebars and sticks them back into the bike tightening them with a key .	who then picks up the handlebars and sticks them back into the bike tightening them with a key ?	man
8380	The man then picks up the handlebars and sticks them back into the bike tightening them with a key .	what does the man then pick up ?	handlebars
8383	We see the title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
8385	The raft turns over and a lady laughs .	what turns over and the lady laughs ?	raft
8385	The raft turns over and a lady laughs .	who does the raft turn over and laughs ?	lady
8386	We see a bus driving on the street .	what do we see driving on the street ?	bus
8387	We see the canyon from afar .	what do we see from afar ?	canyon
8390	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
8391	A woman is standing next to a vacuum .	who is standing next to the vacuum ?	woman
8395	A truck is seen parked in front of a house with several shots of the house shown .	what is seen parked in front of a house with several shots of the house shown ?	truck
8396	A man is then seen standing on the roof hosing down the top and again standing in front of the house watering .	who is then seen standing on the roof hosing down the top and again standing in front of the house watering ?	man
8397	The camera shows the truck parked out front again and the final product of the roof .	what shows the truck parked out front again and the final product of the roof ?	camera
8398	The beach is shown and there are multiple people and tents and the people are watching and cheering on various different surfers who are surfing big and long waves .	what is shown and there are multiple people and tents and the people are watching and cheering on various different surfers who are surfing big and long waves ?	beach
8399	The outro appears and it 's the same black screen with the logo and text as it was for the intro .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
8400	Three girls are sitting on the beach , making a mound with sand and water .	who are sitting on the beach , making a mound with sand and water ?	girls
8400	Three girls are sitting on the beach , making a mound with sand and water .	how many girls are sitting on the beach , making a mound with sand and water ?	three
8402	A little boy is in the house playing in his shirt and diaper .	who is in the house playing in his shirt and diaper ?	boy
8404	The ball keeps coming toward him and he keeps swinging trying to hit it .	what keeps coming toward him and he keeps swinging trying to hit it ?	ball
8406	The man walks out from his house and opens his car door on a snowy day .	who walks out from his house and opens his car door on a snowy day ?	man
8406	The man walks out from his house and opens his car door on a snowy day .	what does the man open on a snowy day ?	door
8407	The man lifts up the windshield wipers of his car .	who lifts up the windshield wipers of his car ?	man
8408	The man uses a house broom to sweep snow off of his car .	who uses the house broom to sweep snow off of his car ?	man
8408	The man uses a house broom to sweep snow off of his car .	what does the man use to sweep snow off of his car ?	broom
8409	The dog plays with the owners .	what plays with the owners ?	dog
8410	The man gets in his car and backs it towards the house into a parking spot .	who gets in his car and backs it towards the house into a parking spot ?	man
8410	The man gets in his car and backs it towards the house into a parking spot .	where does the man get . ?	car
8411	A woman is standing in a kitchen at the island in front of a blender and various ingredients .	who is standing in the kitchen at the island in front of a blender and various ingredients ?	woman
8418	Another man takes a picture of the fish , the kneeling man unhooks it and the standing man picks it up , holds it by its gills and poses with it .	who takes the picture of the fish , the kneeling man unhooks it and the standing man picks it up , holds it by its gills and poses with it ?	man
8418	Another man takes a picture of the fish , the kneeling man unhooks it and the standing man picks it up , holds it by its gills and poses with it .	who does another man take a picture of the fish , unhooks it and the standing man picks it up , holds it by its gills and poses with it ?	man
8418	Another man takes a picture of the fish , the kneeling man unhooks it and the standing man picks it up , holds it by its gills and poses with it .	who does another man take a picture of the fish , the kneeling man unhooks it and picks it up , holds it by its gills and poses with it ?	man
8420	A woman is laying down on a red towel .	who is laying down on the red towel ?	woman
8420	A woman is laying down on a red towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	red
8421	A man is laying on a green towel .	who is laying on the green towel ?	man
8421	A man is laying on a green towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	green
8422	Two dogs are next to them on the beach .	what are next to them on the beach ?	dogs
8422	Two dogs are next to them on the beach .	how many dogs are next to them on the beach ?	two
8423	A sailboat sails through rough waters in the ocean .	what sails through rough waters in the ocean ?	sailboat
8424	The skipper is seen manning the steering wheel at the back of the boat .	who is seen manning the steering wheel at the back of the boat ?	skipper
8426	woman is sitting in studio giving the news .	who is sitting in studio giving the news ?	woman
8426	woman is sitting in studio giving the news .	where is woman sitting giving the news . ?	studio
8428	old woman is being interviewed and is talking to the camera in a living room .	who is being interviewed and is talking to the camera in a living room ?	woman
8430	old woman is agani alking and back in studio talking to the camera .	who is agani alking and back in studio talking to the camera ?	woman
8431	A female weight lifter is preparing to lift a barbell .	who is preparing to lift the barbell ?	lifter
8434	The man is standing above water before he goes scuba diving .	who is standing above water before he goes scuba diving ?	man
8437	man is sitting in a music store playing an acoustic guitar and talking to the camera showing the ibanez guitar .	who is sitting in the music store playing an acoustic guitar and talking to the camera showing the ibanez guitar ?	man
8437	man is sitting in a music store playing an acoustic guitar and talking to the camera showing the ibanez guitar .	where is man sitting playing an acoustic guitar and talking to the camera showing the ibanez guitar . ?	store
8438	man starts playing the guitar showing how the guitar sounds connected to an amplifier .	who starts playing the guitar showing how the guitar sounds connected to an amplifier ?	man
8439	A man is seen speaking to the camera wearing a microphone and begins wiping down a window .	who is seen speaking to the camera wearing a microphone and begins wiping down a window ?	man
8441	A woman sits in a chair .	who sits in the chair ?	woman
8441	A woman sits in a chair .	where does the woman sit . ?	chair
8442	Another woman puts something up her nose .	who puts something up her nose ?	woman
8445	A girl is shown speaking to the camera as well as dancing and then is seen playing the violin .	who is shown speaking to the camera as well as dancing and then is seen playing the violin ?	girl
8446	She plays the instrument while dancing at the same time and ends with her speaking to the camera .	what does she play at the same time ?	dancing
8448	When three men are safely aboard , the crane begins to lift them up in the air slowly .	who does , begin to lift them up in the air slowly ?	crane
8448	When three men are safely aboard , the crane begins to lift them up in the air slowly .	how many men are when safely aboard , the crane begins to lift them up in the air slowly ?	three
8450	The man that is preparing to bungee jump is at the edge of the boom looking around nervously .	who is at the edge of the boom looking around nervously ?	man
8461	He and another boy get together and the other boy begins to start playing croquet while he talks .	who do he and another boy get together and begins to start playing croquet while he talks ?	boy
8462	Another taller boy comes and joins them and talks about the game .	who comes and joins them and talks about the game ?	boy
8464	Three people are jumping rope and doing tricks .	what are three people jumping and doing tricks ?	rope
8464	Three people are jumping rope and doing tricks .	how many people are jumping rope and doing tricks ?	three
8466	Four different people are now jumping rope and doing tricks .	what are four different people now jumping and doing tricks ?	rope
8466	Four different people are now jumping rope and doing tricks .	how many different people are now jumping rope and doing tricks ?	four
8467	Another group of three people shows off their jump rope skills .	what does another group of three people show off ?	skills
8468	Another group of three in red shorts jumps rope .	what does another group of three in red shorts jump ?	rope
8468	Another group of three in red shorts jumps rope .	what is the color of the shorts ?	red
8470	A group of four girls jump rope .	what do the group of four girls jump ?	rope
8471	The first group of people jumps rope with a fourth person .	what does the first group of people jump with a fourth person ?	rope
8475	A cowboy in a horse ran towards the field and chase a cattle .	what do the cowboy in a horse chase ?	cattle
8476	The cowboy got off the horse and chase after the cattle , when he catched the cattle he tied the cattle .	who got off the horse and chase after the cattle , when he catched the cattle he tied the cattle ?	cowboy
8477	A woman demonstrates how to use one container of powdered pigment to make many different hair , nail , and face makeup products .	who demonstrates how to use one container of powdered pigment to make many different hair , nail , and face makeup products ?	woman
8477	A woman demonstrates how to use one container of powdered pigment to make many different hair , nail , and face makeup products .	how many container does the woman demonstrate how to use of powdered pigment to make many different hair , nail , and face makeup products ?	one
8478	A woman talks to the camera in front of a counter filled with makeup .	who talks to the camera in front of a counter filled with makeup ?	woman
8479	The camera shows different makeup pieces with accompanying descriptions cards in between cutting back to the woman talking .	what shows different makeup pieces with accompanying descriptions cards in between cutting back to the woman talking ?	camera
8479	The camera shows different makeup pieces with accompanying descriptions cards in between cutting back to the woman talking .	what does the camera show with accompanying descriptions cards in between cutting back to the woman talking ?	pieces
8480	The woman begins to apply some of the makeup to her face , including lips and to her nails via nail polish .	who begins to apply some of the makeup to her face , including lips and to her nails via nail polish ?	woman
8481	The woman uses some of the makeup to make hair streaks in another persons hair .	who uses some of the makeup to make hair streaks in another persons hair ?	woman
8482	The woman then uses the containers of powdered makeup to make foundation and eye shadow before smiling and displaying the entire line of colors and displaying a marketing graphic .	who then uses the containers of powdered makeup to make foundation and eye shadow before smiling and displaying the entire line of colors and displaying a marketing graphic ?	woman
8483	A woman is washing dishes with soap and a scrub in her kitchen sink .	who is washing dishes with soap and a scrub in her kitchen sink ?	woman
8483	A woman is washing dishes with soap and a scrub in her kitchen sink .	where is the woman washing dishes with soap and a scrub . ?	sink
8484	She takes the scrub that is soaked in liquid soap and scrubs it on the bowl to thoroughly clean it .	does she take the scrub is soaked where . ?	soap
8485	She places the plates and bowls on top of each other in the sink as she washes them .	what does she place ?	plates
8486	A man rides a four wheeler in a field .	who rides the four wheeler in a field ?	man
8486	A man rides a four wheeler in a field .	how many wheeler does the man rid in a field ?	four
8487	The man stands up on the four wheeler and hits his break lights to inspect a target .	who stands up on the four wheeler and hits his break lights to inspect a target ?	man
8488	A man holding a bow and arrow is talking and demonstrating features on the bow he 's holding .	who is holding a bow and arrow is talking and demonstrating features on the bow he 's holding ?	man
8490	The camera then zooms in on the target .	what then zooms in on the target ?	camera
8491	The website scrolls across the screen again and the man fires three more arrows .	who does the website scroll across the screen again and fires three more arrows ?	man
8491	The website scrolls across the screen again and the man fires three more arrows .	how many more arrows does the man fire ?	three
8492	The screen changes to gray and the man shows the brand of bow is a Bowtech .	what is the color of the changes ?	gray
8493	woman is in studio talking in the news holding a paintball gun and shot a wall .	who is in studio talking in the news holding a paintball gun and shot a wall ?	woman
8493	woman is in studio talking in the news holding a paintball gun and shot a wall .	what is woman in studio talking in the news holding a paintball gun and shot ?	wall
8495	they recharge the guns and are playing in a green backyard paintball practicing shots and wearing masks .	what do they recharge ?	guns
8495	they recharge the guns and are playing in a green backyard paintball practicing shots and wearing masks .	what is the color of the paintball ?	green
8495	they recharge the guns and are playing in a green backyard paintball practicing shots and wearing masks .	where are they playing practicing shots and wearing masks . ?	paintball
8496	A woman performs a dance routine with a hoop on a stage .	who performs the dance routine with a hoop on a stage ?	woman
8497	The woman performs the routine with two hoops .	who performs the routine with two hoops ?	woman
8498	The woman returns to performing with one hoop .	who returns to performing with one hoop ?	woman
8499	A woman is standing in a room , surrounded by yoga gear .	who is standing in the room , surrounded by yoga gear ?	woman
8502	Some men are playing pool as three boxer dogs watch .	what are some men playing ?	pool
8502	Some men are playing pool as three boxer dogs watch .	how many boxer dogs are some men playing pool as watch ?	three
8503	The boxers stand by the pool table , trying to snap at the balls as they are shot with the cues .	what stand by the pool table , trying to snap at the balls as they are shot with the cues ?	boxers
8507	A group of people play water volleyball in an outdoor pool .	where do the group of people play water volleyball . ?	pool
8509	the camera changes angle and catches the people playing from behind with the net between the people and the camera .	what changes angle and catches the people playing from behind with the net between the people and the camera ?	camera
8509	the camera changes angle and catches the people playing from behind with the net between the people and the camera .	what does the camera change ?	angle
8511	The camera continues to follow the people around as they chase the ball and run up and down the field .	what continues to follow the people around as they chase the ball and run up and down the field ?	camera
8513	The woman sits in the chair and begins putting a pair of shoes on .	who sits in the chair and begins putting a pair of shoes on ?	woman
8513	The woman sits in the chair and begins putting a pair of shoes on .	where does the woman sit . ?	chair
8515	A man is seen standing before a game of hopscotch drawn out and begins jumping down the path while others follow .	who is seen standing before the game of hopscotch drawn out and begins jumping down the path while others follow ?	man
8516	The camera continues to follow the man as he jumps down the path and captures several others doing the same as well .	what continues to follow the man as he jumps down the path and captures several others doing the same as well ?	camera
8517	A dog is dressed in clothes and a human is behind him only showing his hands .	what is dressed in clothes and a human is behind him only showing his hands ?	dog
8517	A dog is dressed in clothes and a human is behind him only showing his hands .	what is the dog dressed in clothes and is behind him only showing his hands ?	human
8518	As to look like the dog is part human and doing human like stuff .	what is and doing human like stuff ?	human
8519	He is feeding himself breakfast and then wipes his face .	what is he feeding himself ?	breakfast
8522	We see a girl gymnast on a balance beam performing .	who do we see on a balance beam performing ?	gymnast
8523	The girl prepares to do a flip and falls on the bar and hurts herself .	who prepares to do the flip and falls on the bar and hurts herself ?	girl
8524	The girl stands crying and a lady comes to help her .	who stands crying and the lady comes to help her ?	girl
8524	The girl stands crying and a lady comes to help her .	who does the girl stand and comes to help her ?	lady
8526	A woman sits on her bed and applies makeup to her face .	who sits on her bed and applies makeup to her face ?	woman
8526	A woman sits on her bed and applies makeup to her face .	what does the woman apply to her face ?	makeup
8530	She puts a backpack on and walks out the door .	what does she put on ?	backpack
8530	She puts a backpack on and walks out the door .	what does she walk out ?	door
8531	A camera pans out a wooden table with a boy with glasses showing it off .	what pans out the wooden table with a boy with glasses showing it off ?	camera
8532	The boy pushes various pucks across the wooden board to see where it ends up .	who pushes various pucks across the wooden board to see where it ends up ?	boy
8532	The boy pushes various pucks across the wooden board to see where it ends up .	who does the boy push across the wooden board ?	pucks
8533	The boy pushes several more pucks and the boy holding the camera walks to the end to show the results .	who pushes several more pucks and the boy holding the camera walks to the end to show the results ?	boy
8533	The boy pushes several more pucks and the boy holding the camera walks to the end to show the results .	who does the boy push and the boy holding the camera walks to the end to show the results ?	pucks
8533	The boy pushes several more pucks and the boy holding the camera walks to the end to show the results .	who does the boy push several more pucks and holding the camera walks to the end to show the results ?	boy
8533	The boy pushes several more pucks and the boy holding the camera walks to the end to show the results .	the boy pushes several more pucks and the boy holding what walks to the end to show the results ?	camera
8536	The woman pushes the puck , which slides into the camera .	who pushes the puck , which slides into the camera ?	woman
8538	A man in a white shirt is standing next to parallel bars .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
8539	A boy jumps onto the parallel bars and starts swinging back and forth .	who jumps onto the parallel bars and starts swinging back and forth ?	boy
8540	The boy starts doing a routine on the parallel bars .	who starts doing the routine on the parallel bars ?	boy
8541	A man is seen using a wet rag on a window and moving the cleaner all around the glass .	who is seen using the wet rag on a window and moving the cleaner all around the glass ?	man
8542	He continuously dips the object in cleaner and cleans all around the glass while using a rag close behind .	where did he continuously dip the object . ?	cleaner
8543	A man holding his kayak talk to the camera .	who is holding his kayak talk to the camera ?	man
8543	A man holding his kayak talk to the camera .	what is the man holding to the camera ?	talk
8545	Another rower passes him and does a flip .	who passes him and does a flip ?	rower
8548	Back in the water passing a waterfall .	back in the water passing what ?	waterfall
8554	Two people are seen speaking to one another and leads into a man standing on the edge and jumping .	how many people are seen speaking to one another and leads into a man standing on the edge and jumping ?	two
8555	The man 's jump is shown several times from different camera as he jumps off the side and back up again .	who jump is shown several times from different camera as he jumps off the side and back up again ?	man
8556	A group of people is building sand castles on the beach .	what is the group of people building on the beach ?	castles
8558	A man is seen digging in the sand .	who is seen digging in the sand ?	man
8559	A girl is seen looking through a beach bag .	who is seen looking through the beach bag ?	girl
8560	The girl finds what she is looking for .	who finds what she is looking for ?	girl
8561	We see two roof images side by side .	what do we see side by side ?	images
8561	We see two roof images side by side .	how many roof images do we see side by side ?	two
8565	A man is screwing the roof into place .	who is screwing the roof into place ?	man
8565	A man is screwing the roof into place .	what is the man screwing into place ?	roof
8566	We see the finished new roof .	what do we see ?	roof
8567	We see the ending screen credits .	what do we see ?	credits
8568	A person stands on his hands on a trampoline above a swimming pool , then the boy flips in the air and dives into the water .	who does the person stand on his hands on a trampoline above a swimming pool , then flips in the air and dives into the water ?	boy
8570	At the end , the boy enters the trampoline running and flip in the air , then he stands on the trampoline and flips and end diving in the water .	who does at the end , enter the trampoline running and flip in the air , then he stands on the trampoline and flips and end diving in the water ?	boy
8572	One man plays ping pong with an orange machine with a red paddle attached to the end of a robotic arm .	who attached to the end of a robotic arm ?	plays
8572	One man plays ping pong with an orange machine with a red paddle attached to the end of a robotic arm .	what is the color of the machine ?	orange
8572	One man plays ping pong with an orange machine with a red paddle attached to the end of a robotic arm .	what is the color of the paddle ?	red
8573	A man and a child play ping pong across a blue ping pong table as a man appears standing next to an orange automated machine and talks .	what is the color of the man ?	blue
8573	A man and a child play ping pong across a blue ping pong table as a man appears standing next to an orange automated machine and talks .	what is the color of the machine ?	orange
8574	Another man plays ping pong across a blue ping pong table with a white , metal , robot .	who plays ping pong across a blue ping pong table with a white , metal , robot ?	man
8574	Another man plays ping pong across a blue ping pong table with a white , metal , robot .	what is the color of the metal ?	white
8575	A man stands by his ice ridden car .	who stands by his ice ridden car ?	man
8576	He rakes the entire sheet onto the ground , watching it shatter .	what does he rake onto the ground , ?	sheet
8577	A man is shown smiling and talking into the camera and holding a young boy up on a sink .	who is shown smiling and talking into the camera and holding a young boy up on a sink ?	man
8578	The man holds the boys eyes open while he laughs and brushes his teeth .	who holds the boys eyes open while he laughs and brushes his teeth ?	man
8579	A woman peforms before a court on a basketball gym .	who peforms before the court on a basketball gym ?	woman
8580	She is a majorette , flipping and throwing her baton into the air .	who is she , ?	majorette
8584	The man begins to demonstrate multiple different moves near the goal and he continues to talk throughout all of the demonstrations as the rest of the people watch him .	who begins to demonstrate multiple different moves near the goal and he continues to talk throughout all of the demonstrations as the rest of the people watch him ?	man
8586	A screen appears with a backdrop of clouds on top and hockey rink at the bottom with the logo in the middle and the words `` HOCKEY SKILLS '' .	what appears with the backdrop of clouds on top and hockey rink at the bottom with the logo in the middle and the words `` hockey skills '' ?	screen
8587	A woman is seen showing off a glass of honey .	who is seen showing off the glass of honey ?	woman
8591	She holds up a cat .	what does she hold up ?	cat
8596	A gymnast is standing near a bar with her hands in the air .	who is standing near the bar with her hands in the air ?	gymnast
8597	The girl gets on the bar and performs .	who gets on the bar and performs ?	girl
8598	The girl flips on the bar .	who flips on the bar ?	girl
8599	The girl performs 2 flips and almost falls off the bar .	who performs 2 flips and almost falls off the bar ?	girl
8600	The girl does 2 perfect flips .	who does 2 perfect flips ?	girl
8600	The girl does 2 perfect flips .	how many perfect flips does the girl do ?	two
8601	The girls flips , then runs , flips and dismounts .	who flips , then runs , flips and dismounts ?	girls
8603	A blonde woman is lying on a table as a tattoo artist is putting a design on her pelvis .	who is lying on the table as a tattoo artist is putting a design on her pelvis ?	woman
8609	A man is seen sitting in a busy city square playing an accordion while others watch .	who is seen sitting in the busy city square playing an accordion while others watch ?	man
8610	The man continues playing as people walk around and notice .	who continues playing as people walk around and notice ?	man
8611	A dart board is shown against a wall .	what is shown against the wall ?	board
8612	A man lifts his arm in slow motion , throwing darts one after another at the board .	who lifts his arm in slow motion , throwing darts one after another at the board ?	man
8614	A red car is shown with the words Unique Car Wash. .	what is shown with the words unique car wash. ?	car
8614	A red car is shown with the words Unique Car Wash. .	what is the color of the car ?	red
8618	We see a little girl putting makeup on her face at a toy vanity .	who do we see putting makeup on her face at a toy vanity ?	girl
8618	We see a little girl putting makeup on her face at a toy vanity .	we see a little girl putting what on her face at a toy vanity ?	makeup
8619	She closes the makeup case and opens it back up .	what does she close ?	case
8626	Two men walk in the street holding a box , then they assemble a soccer table .	how many men walk in the street holding a box ?	two
8626	Two men walk in the street holding a box , then they assemble a soccer table .	where do two men walk , then they assemble a soccer table . ?	box
8627	People plays soccer table in the street .	where does people play soccer table . ?	street
8628	After , the men carry the table and enters a train where they continue playing .	what does after , the men enter ?	train
8630	A woman is seen putting on a jacket followed by her cutting parts of the vest off and holding up an iron .	who is seen putting on the jacket followed by her cutting parts of the vest off and holding up an iron ?	woman
8632	A man in a black tuxedo is speaking to the camera .	what is the color of the tuxedo ?	black
8632	A man in a black tuxedo is speaking to the camera .	where is the man speaking to the camera . ?	tuxedo
8636	An odd man appears in front of the camera .	who appears in front of the camera ?	man
8637	We see the first man , then cards being dealt and we fade to a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
8640	man are talking to the camera standing on the sand .	who are talking to the camera standing on the sand ?	man
8642	man is talking to the camera and standing on a podium .	who is talking to the camera and standing on a podium ?	man
8644	They are riding recumbent bikes while being led .	what are they riding while being led ?	bicycles
8646	A young child is seen holding a stick and hitting the pinata with the stick .	who is seen holding the stick and hitting the pinata with the stick ?	child
8647	Older women the bring hr back and have her hand the stick to another child .	what do older women the bring have her hand to another child ?	stick
8648	A woman is standing up talking and holding a blue mop .	who is standing up talking and holding the blue mop ?	woman
8648	A woman is standing up talking and holding a blue mop .	what is the color of the mop ?	blue
8652	A dog is laying down on a bed .	what is laying down on the bed ?	dog
8653	A man in a blue shirt picks up a child .	who does the man in a blue shirt pick up ?	child
8653	A man in a blue shirt picks up a child .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
8656	The man is jumped to the two white poles and stand on his arms .	who is jumped to the two white poles and stand on his arms ?	man
8656	The man is jumped to the two white poles and stand on his arms .	what is the color of the poles ?	white
8657	The man in red shirt outside the court is watching the athlete as he swing on the pole .	who is the man in red shirt outside the court watching ?	athlete
8657	The man in red shirt outside the court is watching the athlete as he swing on the pole .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
8659	Two people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into a ruler being shown and the woman holding a sponge .	how many people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into a ruler being shown and the woman holding a sponge ?	two
8663	A woman is riding a bike down the street , then others are shown as well .	who is riding the bike down the street , then others are shown as well ?	woman
8663	A woman is riding a bike down the street , then others are shown as well .	what is the woman riding down the street , then others are shown as well ?	bicycle
8665	The bike is called an elliptico , enabling them to stand and pedal as they ride .	what is called an elliptico , enabling them to stand and pedal as they ride ?	bicycle
8667	The man continues riding the snowboard down the hill and ends with him stopping at the bottom .	who continues riding the snowboard down the hill and ends with him stopping at the bottom ?	man
8668	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while showing off her nails and leads into her holding up a contact lens .	who is seen speaking to the camera while showing off her nails and leads into her holding up a contact lens ?	woman
8669	The girl then pours liquid out into a container and them demonstrates how to properly put in and take on a contact lens .	who then pours liquid out into a container and them demonstrates how to properly put in and take on a contact lens ?	girl
8671	Three Hispanic men are laying the foundation of the pool with a cement gun .	how many hispanic men are laying the foundation of the pool with a cement gun ?	three
8672	A man that is dressed in white is doing the cement finish as the other men lay the cement with a gun .	who is doing the cement finish as the other men lay the cement with a gun ?	man
8674	An older man is shown standing behind a swing set while pushing a small girl back and fourth .	who is shown standing behind the swing set while pushing a small girl back and fourth ?	man
8675	He grabs and holds the girl and gives her several pushes while the girl sticks her head back and smiles .	who does he grab and holds ?	girl
8676	A young girl is seen putting makeup on outside while other people on the side watch and also play with makeup .	who is seen putting makeup on outside while other people on the side watch and also play with makeup ?	girl
8677	The girls continue to attempt to put makeup on as the camera pans back and fourth between the two .	who continue to attempt to put makeup on as the camera pans back and fourth between the two ?	girls
8679	A welding helmet , clamps , welding kit and gloves are shown in line on a white background .	what is the color of the background ?	white
8686	A small sail boat with two men in it is pulling a water skier behind it .	who is the small sail boat with two men in it pulling behind it ?	skier
8688	A man in the sail boat leans back to pull on the sail in the boat .	where does the man lean back to pull on the sail in the boat . ?	boat
8690	A kite is flying in the sky .	what is flying in the sky ?	kite
8691	A little girl is holding the string of the kite .	who is holding the string of the kite ?	girl
8693	A man is in a dance room that has mirrors along the walls , wooden floors , and he 's dancing alone .	who is in the dance room that has mirrors along the walls , wooden floors , and he 's dancing alone ?	man
8696	The man does he last dance move , smiles , takes a few steps and then takes a bow .	who does he last dance move , smiles , takes a few steps and then takes a bow ?	man
8696	The man does he last dance move , smiles , takes a few steps and then takes a bow .	the man then takes what ?	bow
8700	An athlete runs with a stick , then he shoot the javelin and walks away in a stadium .	who runs with the stick , then he shoot the javelin and walks away in a stadium ?	athlete
8700	An athlete runs with a stick , then he shoot the javelin and walks away in a stadium .	where does an athlete run with a stick , then he shoot the javelin and walks away . ?	stadium
8701	Then , a man holds a javelin and runs to throw the javelin , then another athlete also shoot the javelin .	who do then , , also shoot the javelin ?	athlete
8702	A man is sitting on the stairs talking .	who is sitting on the stairs talking ?	man
8704	He sprays the sink with a cleaning agent .	what did he spray with a cleaning agent ?	sink
8706	He turns the water on and sprays the hose around the sink .	what did he spray around the sink ?	hose
8707	He wipes the sink off with a towel .	what does he wipe off with a towel ?	sink
8708	The man is sitting on the stairs again .	who is sitting on the stairs again ?	man
8710	Men hammering roof tiles on a panel of roof inside .	what are men hammering on a panel of roof inside ?	tiles
8711	We see a title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
8713	We see a title screen again .	what do we see again ?	screen
8715	We see two screens with men working on roofs side by side .	what do we see with men working on roofs side by side ?	screens
8715	We see two screens with men working on roofs side by side .	how many screens do we see with men working on roofs side by side ?	two
8719	A man talks inside a car dealer .	who talks inside the car dealer ?	man
8720	After , a car exits a car wash .	what did after , exit the car wash ?	car
8721	A crew of people clean a car by hand .	what do the crew of people clean by hand ?	car
8722	A tall garage building is shown in the dark and then several teen age boys appear skateboarding in the inside of it .	what is shown in the dark and then several teen age boys appear skateboarding in the inside of it ?	building
8722	A tall garage building is shown in the dark and then several teen age boys appear skateboarding in the inside of it .	who is the tall garage building shown in the dark and then appear skateboarding in the inside of it ?	boys
8723	After , a black male appears talking in the car and the boys are then shown walking up a set of stairs .	what is the color of the male ?	black
8729	The man then begins to lead a dance class in front of the group of people .	who then begins to lead the dance class in front of the group of people ?	man
8731	Two men prepare for a fencing match .	how many men prepare for the fencing match ?	two
8734	Two men constantly go back and fourth towards each other .	how many men constantly go back and fourth towards each other ?	two
8735	The man wins over and over again .	who wins over and over again ?	man
8739	woman is standing behind anoter drying her hair combing it and talking to the camera .	who is standing behind anoter drying her hair combing it and talking to the camera ?	woman
8740	woman is sitting on a chair while woman behind her is drying her hair .	who is sitting on the chair while woman behind her is drying her hair ?	woman
8745	A female Russian gymnast is on a mat in front of a large arena with several people watching her .	who is on the mat in front of a large arena with several people watching her ?	gymnast
8746	The girl then starts doing a series of cartwheels and ends up jumping on the balance beam to do her routine .	who then starts doing the series of cartwheels and ends up jumping on the balance beam to do her routine ?	girl
8747	Once she is done , the girl ends doing several tricks and walks off to the side .	, who ends doing several tricks and walks off to the side ?	girl
8750	A girl in a red shirt is playing hopscotch .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
8752	The girls laugh at each other .	who laugh at each other ?	girls
8757	A girl is seen rollerblading down a long road with several people walking around her .	who is seen rollerblading down the long road with several people walking around her ?	girl
8758	The camera zooms in on her face and shows all the people around the area followed by the cameraman 's feet .	what zooms in on her face and shows all the people around the area followed by the cameraman 's feet ?	camera
8759	This man is wearing a red tank top , black shorts , and shoes .	who is wearing the red tank top , black shorts , and shoes ?	man
8759	This man is wearing a red tank top , black shorts , and shoes .	what is the color of the top ?	red
8759	This man is wearing a red tank top , black shorts , and shoes .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
8761	A camera pans around a city and leads into several clips of people playing in a casino .	what pans around the city and leads into several clips of people playing in a casino ?	camera
8762	A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as being interviewed by the news .	who is seen speaking to the camera as well as being interviewed by the news ?	man
8764	A man is seen stretching on the floor followed by people fencing with one another .	who is seen stretching on the floor followed by people fencing with one another ?	man
8767	A large black dog is walking down the street .	what is walking down the street ?	dog
8767	A large black dog is walking down the street .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
8769	The second dog allows the first to lead him wherever he goes .	what allows the first to lead him wherever he goes ?	dog
8770	One man is seen moving a fooseball table around quickly as possible while another man watches on the side .	who is seen moving the fooseball table around quickly as possible while another man watches on the side ?	man
8770	One man is seen moving a fooseball table around quickly as possible while another man watches on the side .	how many man is seen moving the fooseball table around quickly as possible while another man watches on the side ?	one
8773	The girls continue dancing with one another and ending by holding a pose .	who continue dancing with one another and ending by holding a pose ?	girls
8776	The man flips the woman and swings her around .	who flips the woman and swings her around ?	man
8776	The man flips the woman and swings her around .	who does the man flip ?	woman
8777	The man picks up the woman and puts her on his shoulders .	who picks up the woman and puts her on his shoulders ?	man
8777	The man picks up the woman and puts her on his shoulders .	who does the man pick up ?	woman
8779	The man puts the lady on his shoulder and flips her two times .	who puts the lady on his shoulder and flips her two times ?	man
8779	The man puts the lady on his shoulder and flips her two times .	who does the man put on his shoulder ?	lady
8779	The man puts the lady on his shoulder and flips her two times .	how many times does the man flip ?	two
8780	The man spins the lady around and around and dips the lady .	who spins the lady around and around and dips the lady ?	man
8780	The man spins the lady around and around and dips the lady .	who does the man spin around and around ?	lady
8780	The man spins the lady around and around and dips the lady .	who does the man dip ?	lady
8782	The man spins the lady around .	who spins the lady around ?	man
8782	The man spins the lady around .	who does the man spin around ?	lady
8783	The dances finish and take their bows and shake hands .	what do the dances finish and take ?	bows
8784	A wrestler is in the middle of the ring waiting for his opponent .	who is in the middle of the ring waiting for his opponent ?	wrestler
8786	They struggle trying to beat the other when finally the red head wrestler makes the other fall .	what is the color of the wrestler ?	red
8788	A man crouches in a dance studio .	who crouches in the dance studio ?	man
8788	A man crouches in a dance studio .	where does the man crouch . ?	studio
8792	a blonde woman is playing with dogs , she is kissing them and giiving them a shower , the woman is holding a scissor and is cutting the dog 's hair .	who is playing with dogs , she is kissing them and giiving them a shower , the woman is holding a scissor and is cutting the dog 's hair ?	woman
8792	a blonde woman is playing with dogs , she is kissing them and giiving them a shower , the woman is holding a scissor and is cutting the dog 's hair .	who is the blonde woman playing with dogs , she is kissing them and , is holding a scissor and is cutting the dog 's hair ?	woman
8792	a blonde woman is playing with dogs , she is kissing them and giiving them a shower , the woman is holding a scissor and is cutting the dog 's hair .	what is the blonde woman playing with dogs , she is kissing them and , the woman is holding a scissor and is cutting hair ?	dog
8793	blonde woman is with a beatiful white dog in a table a veterinarian 's office .	who is with the beatiful white dog in a table a veterinarian 's office ?	woman
8793	blonde woman is with a beatiful white dog in a table a veterinarian 's office .	what is the color of the dog ?	white
8794	the woman is with the black dog and is styling the dog 's hair .	who is with the black dog and is styling the dog 's hair ?	woman
8794	the woman is with the black dog and is styling the dog 's hair .	what is the woman styling hair ?	dog
8794	the woman is with the black dog and is styling the dog 's hair .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
8795	woman shows their diplomas and awards and is with a white puddle combing her hair .	who shows their diplomas and awards and is with a white puddle combing her hair ?	woman
8795	woman shows their diplomas and awards and is with a white puddle combing her hair .	what is the color of the puddle ?	white
8796	woman comb the black dog 's hair and plays with it .	who comb the black dog 's hair and plays with it ?	woman
8796	woman comb the black dog 's hair and plays with it .	what did woman comb hair ?	dog
8796	woman comb the black dog 's hair and plays with it .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
8797	woman holds the white dog paw and cut her nails .	who holds the white dog paw and cut her nails ?	woman
8797	woman holds the white dog paw and cut her nails .	what does woman hold ?	paw
8797	woman holds the white dog paw and cut her nails .	what is the color of the paw ?	white
8798	woman is with the black dog giving him a shower and styling his hair .	who is with the black dog giving him a shower and styling his hair ?	woman
8798	woman is with the black dog giving him a shower and styling his hair .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
8799	woman is talking while in the bottom a blonde woman is combing a white puddle .	who is talking while in the bottom a blonde woman is combing a white puddle ?	woman
8799	woman is talking while in the bottom a blonde woman is combing a white puddle .	what is the color of the puddle ?	white
8800	blonde woman holds the white puddle and is talking to the camera giving the web adress to the dog salon white shows how comb and shower the dogs .	who holds the white puddle and is talking to the camera giving the web adress to the dog salon white shows how comb and shower the dogs ?	woman
8800	blonde woman holds the white puddle and is talking to the camera giving the web adress to the dog salon white shows how comb and shower the dogs .	what is the color of the puddle ?	white
8800	blonde woman holds the white puddle and is talking to the camera giving the web adress to the dog salon white shows how comb and shower the dogs .	what is the color of the shows ?	white
8801	An athlete is seen standing ready holding a pole and begins running down a large track over a beam .	who is seen standing ready holding the pole and begins running down a large track over a beam ?	athlete
8802	The woman then jumps over the beam and throws her arms in the air to celebrate and run around the field .	who then jumps over the beam and throws her arms in the air to celebrate and run around the field ?	woman
8803	The woman does flips on the mat while celebrating and ends with her jump shown again and her sitting in front of her score .	who does flips on the mat while celebrating and ends with her jump shown again and her sitting in front of her score ?	woman
8804	A camera zooms in on various foods and ingredients as well as a pan on a stove .	what zooms in on various foods and ingredients as well as a pan on a stove ?	camera
8805	A person wearing gloves is seen spreading food onto a plate followed by a large pastry and spreading butter on it .	the person wearing what is seen spreading food onto a plate followed by a large pastry and spreading butter on it ?	gloves
8806	The person continues making layers and then undoes the cake and shows off the solid cake .	the person then undoes what and shows off the solid cake ?	cake
8806	The person continues making layers and then undoes the cake and shows off the solid cake .	the person then undoes the cake and shows off what ?	cake
8807	She takes tape out and then rolls out more dough and spreads it along the cake , showing off the finished result .	she then rolls out what and spreads it along the cake , showing off the finished result ?	dough
8808	A slightly rotund man is shown standing in a kitchen while holding a can of drink .	who is shown standing in the kitchen while holding a can of drink ?	man
8808	A slightly rotund man is shown standing in a kitchen while holding a can of drink .	where is the slightly rotund man shown standing . ?	kitchen
8809	The man is laughing and speaking to the camera about the can in his hand .	who is laughing and speaking to the camera about the can in his hand ?	man
8810	He pours the drink into a glass , and proceeds to drink it alongside a male friend .	what does he pour into a glass ?	drink
8811	The two men drink the contents of their glasses while they talk .	how many men drink the contents of their glasses while they talk ?	two
8812	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and laying her hands across a pair of pants on an ironing table .	who is seen speaking to the camera and laying her hands across a pair of pants on an ironing table ?	woman
8814	There 's a man standing in a kitchen and washing his hands in steel kitchen sink .	who does there 's standing in a kitchen and washing his hands in steel kitchen sink ?	man
8817	After he 's done washing , he uses a white hand towel that is lying next to the sink on the counter .	what does , he use ?	towel
8817	After he 's done washing , he uses a white hand towel that is lying next to the sink on the counter .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
8818	A man speaks holding a microphone , then the man performs arm wrestling with a person .	who speaks holding the microphone , then the man performs arm wrestling with a person ?	man
8818	A man speaks holding a microphone , then the man performs arm wrestling with a person .	who does the man speak , then performs arm wrestling with a person ?	man
8819	The man grabs a weigh and practice weight lifting with his left hand .	who grabs the weigh and practice weight lifting with his left hand ?	man
8822	Men ride horses out of a gates and ropes a bull before dismounting and tying their its legs .	what do men ride out of a gates ?	horses
8822	Men ride horses out of a gates and ropes a bull before dismounting and tying their its legs .	what do men ropes before dismounting and tying their ?	bull
8823	The winner waves his hat and is congratulated by the other riders .	who waves his hat and is congratulated by the other riders ?	winner
8823	The winner waves his hat and is congratulated by the other riders .	what does the winner wave ?	hat
8824	A man is cutting his beard with scissors .	who is cutting his beard with scissors ?	man
8825	He uses a shaver to shave off the beard .	who does he use ?	shaver
8826	He collects the hair in the sink .	where does he collect the hair . ?	sink
8827	He puts shaving cream on his face and uses a razor to finish shaving .	what does he use ?	razor
8830	A man runs down two streets in a marathon , in a city setting , as onlookers from the sideline cheer and clap .	who runs down two streets in a marathon , in a city setting , as onlookers from the sideline cheer and clap ?	man
8830	A man runs down two streets in a marathon , in a city setting , as onlookers from the sideline cheer and clap .	how many streets does the man run down in a marathon , in a city setting , as onlookers from the sideline cheer and clap ?	two
8831	A man in black shorts with a number pinned to his chest is running down a city street in a marathon .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
8835	The violinist dances as she plays the instrument along with five other dancers .	who dances as she plays the instrument along with five other dancers ?	violinist
8841	A weightlifter prepares for his first lift .	who prepares for his first lift ?	weightlifter
8842	Friends are watching and one films .	who are watching and one films ?	friends
8843	He squats and he lifts the bar .	what does he squat and he lifts ?	bar
8847	one girls swing another around while a man grabs a ball and throws it to another .	who swing another around while a man grabs a ball and throws it to another ?	girls
8847	one girls swing another around while a man grabs a ball and throws it to another .	how many girls swing another around while a man grabs a ball and throws it to another ?	one
8848	A woman is holding a cat in her lap .	who is holding the cat in her lap ?	woman
8849	The cat is slapping at the pair of trimmers in her hand .	what is slapping at the pair of trimmers in her hand ?	cat
8851	A person walks up to a vacuum cleaner and picks up the wand .	what does the person pick up ?	wand
8855	A man kneels on one knee in a room and talks to the camera .	who kneels on one knee in a room and talks to the camera ?	man
8856	The man raises his right arm and reaches to the ground with his left hand .	who raises his right arm and reaches to the ground with his left hand ?	man
8857	The man switches and does the other side .	who switches and does the other side ?	man
8859	The man is seen holding a shovel and begins pushing it around the area .	who is seen holding the shovel and begins pushing it around the area ?	man
8860	The man clears out all the snow and shows off a path in the end .	who clears out all the snow and shows off a path in the end ?	man
8861	A man is mowing his lawn around a tree in front of his house .	who is mowing his lawn around a tree in front of his house ?	man
8865	The woman plays the violin as other musicians look on .	who plays the violin as other musicians look on ?	woman
8865	The woman plays the violin as other musicians look on .	what does the woman play ?	violin
8866	The woman finishes her playing and everyone applauds .	who finishes her playing and everyone applauds ?	woman
8867	A man is holding a chain saw over his head .	who is holding the chain saw over his head ?	man
8871	The woman swirl around and threw a heavy metal towards the field .	who swirl around and threw the heavy metal towards the field ?	woman
8875	The woman raised the circular metal and she started to swirl around and threw the metal .	who raised the circular metal and she started to swirl around and threw the metal ?	woman
8877	A man is running towards the white circle on the ground .	who is running towards the white circle on the ground ?	man
8877	A man is running towards the white circle on the ground .	what is the color of the circle ?	white
8878	A woman is stretching behind the net .	who is stretching behind the net ?	woman
8880	Two men running towards each other .	how many men is running towards each other ?	two
8881	The woman gave a hug to other woman .	who gave the hug to other woman ?	woman
8882	The green field has audiences on the sides of the field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
8883	A man is seen kneeling on a floor and puts his hands behind his head .	who is seen kneeling on the floor and puts his hands behind his head ?	man
8892	A man does a disk throw .	who does the disk throw ?	man
8893	He spins around and throws the disk .	what does he throw ?	disk
8894	A man walks into a room playing his bagpipes .	who walks into the room playing his bagpipes ?	man
8896	A man in Sesame Street costume is riding a recumbent bike .	what is the man in sesame street costume riding ?	bicycle
8897	A man dressed as Ernie soon joins Bert .	who dressed as ernie soon joins bert ?	man
8901	The camera pans around to another group of people sitting in a canoe across from them .	what pans around to another group of people sitting in a canoe across from them ?	camera
8903	A woman is belly dancing on a stage .	who is belly dancing on a stage ?	woman
8905	She slows her dance down and turns circles .	what does she turn ?	circles
8906	Two men are rappeling up the side of a steep rock cliff .	how many men are rappeling up the side of a steep rock cliff ?	two
8908	A man is seen walking forward and speaking to the camera while two people pull an object behind him .	who is seen walking forward and speaking to the camera while two people pull an object behind him ?	man
8908	A man is seen walking forward and speaking to the camera while two people pull an object behind him .	how many people is the man seen walking forward and speaking to the camera while pull an object behind him ?	two
8909	The man is then speaking while a woman exercises next to him .	who is then speaking while the woman exercises next to him ?	man
8910	The man continues speaking and text is shown across the screen .	who continues speaking and text is shown across the screen ?	man
8911	man carrying a lawn blower is blowing the dust in the sidewalk walking in street .	who is carrying a lawn blower is blowing the dust in the sidewalk walking in street ?	man
8911	man carrying a lawn blower is blowing the dust in the sidewalk walking in street .	man carrying what is blowing the dust in the sidewalk walking in street ?	blower
8912	man is cleaning the sidewalk from the dry leaves pouring out the sidewalk .	who is cleaning the sidewalk from the dry leaves pouring out the sidewalk ?	man
8912	man is cleaning the sidewalk from the dry leaves pouring out the sidewalk .	what is man cleaning from the dry leaves pouring out the sidewalk ?	sidewalk
8913	man is walking in sidewalk watching the man that is carrying the blower .	who is walking in sidewalk watching the man that is carrying the blower ?	man
8913	man is walking in sidewalk watching the man that is carrying the blower .	where is man walking watching the man that is carrying the blower . ?	sidewalk
8914	A man in a red shirt speaks and demonstrates how to throw darts against a dart board while three other people in red shirts watch behind him .	how many other people does the man in a red shirt demonstrate how to throw darts against a dart board while in red shirts watch behind him ?	three
8914	A man in a red shirt speaks and demonstrates how to throw darts against a dart board while three other people in red shirts watch behind him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
8914	A man in a red shirt speaks and demonstrates how to throw darts against a dart board while three other people in red shirts watch behind him .	what is the color of the shirts ?	red
8915	A man in a red shirt faces the camera and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while three men behind him watch .	what does the man in a red shirt face ?	camera
8915	A man in a red shirt faces the camera and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while three men behind him watch .	how many men does the man in a red shirt begin to talk while holding darts in his hand and while behind him watch ?	three
8915	A man in a red shirt faces the camera and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while three men behind him watch .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
8916	The woman fills the martini glass with ice and water .	who fills the martini glass with ice and water ?	woman
8916	The woman fills the martini glass with ice and water .	what does the woman fill with ice and water ?	glass
8917	The last screen appears with a red background and the website displayed in the middle .	what appears with the red background and the website displayed in the middle ?	screen
8917	The last screen appears with a red background and the website displayed in the middle .	what is the color of the background ?	red
8921	A man is seen speaking to the camera while people practice basketball drills intermittently .	who is seen speaking to the camera while people practice basketball drills intermittently ?	man
8922	The man ties a rope around a ball and continues having him perform layups on the court .	who ties the rope around a ball and continues having him perform layups on the court ?	man
8922	The man ties a rope around a ball and continues having him perform layups on the court .	what does the man tie around a ball ?	rope
8923	More clips are shown of them practicing while the man speaks to the camera .	what are shown of them practicing while the man speaks to the camera ?	clips
8924	A girl plays a brass flute standing on stage during a performance .	who plays the brass flute standing on stage during a performance ?	girl
8925	The girl finishes the performance and lowers her instrument .	who finishes the performance and lowers her instrument ?	girl
8925	The girl finishes the performance and lowers her instrument .	what does the girl lower ?	instrument
8926	Two teams of boys are in a grass field playing a game .	how many teams of boys are in a grass field playing a game ?	two
8928	One of the boys from the red team throws the ball over to the other side .	what does one of the boys from the red team throw over to the other side ?	ball
8928	One of the boys from the red team throws the ball over to the other side .	what is the color of the team ?	red
8929	Then one of the kids int he black uniform comes running back and throws the ball .	what do then one of the kids int he black uniform comes and throws ?	ball
8929	Then one of the kids int he black uniform comes running back and throws the ball .	what is the color of the uniform ?	black
8930	Two men play pingpong using different tricks .	how many men play pingpong using different tricks ?	two
8931	A man shows off a camera box , and the ping pong player uses it .	who shows off the camera box , and the ping pong player uses it ?	man
8931	A man shows off a camera box , and the ping pong player uses it .	what does the man show off , and the ping pong player uses it ?	box
8932	The box busts open so the player uses a camera part to play .	what open so the player uses a camera part to play ?	busts
8933	He uses a battery to hit back , and then uses a different tool .	he then uses what ?	tool
8935	The man breaks an egg with the ball .	who breaks an egg with the ball ?	man
8937	The man is filmed uploading the video to YouTube .	who is filmed uploading the video to youtube ?	man
8938	A woman tries to eat ice cream to a child , but the child refuses to eat the ice cream , then the woman eats the ice cream in the spoon .	who tries to eat ice cream to a child , but the child refuses to eat the ice cream , then the woman eats the ice cream in the spoon ?	woman
8938	A woman tries to eat ice cream to a child , but the child refuses to eat the ice cream , then the woman eats the ice cream in the spoon .	where does the woman try to eat ice cream to a child , but the child refuses to eat the ice cream , then the woman eats the ice cream . ?	spoon
8939	After , the woman gives ice cream to the child , and then the woman cleans the child 's mouth .	who does after , give ice cream to the child , and then the woman cleans the child 's mouth ?	woman
8939	After , the woman gives ice cream to the child , and then the woman cleans the child 's mouth .	who does after , the woman give ice cream to the child , and then cleans the child 's mouth ?	woman
8939	After , the woman gives ice cream to the child , and then the woman cleans the child 's mouth .	who does after , the woman give ice cream to the child , and then the woman cleans mouth ?	child
8940	An old woman feeds a boy ice cream .	who feeds the boy ice cream ?	woman
8940	An old woman feeds a boy ice cream .	who does an old woman feed ?	cream
8941	A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins holding a razor up to his face .	who is seen speaking to the camera and begins holding a razor up to his face ?	man
8942	The man then shaves his face around the sides and ends by still speaking to the camera .	who then shaves his face around the sides and ends by still speaking to the camera ?	man
8947	A digital scoreboard is shown with the score as the yellow and blue team goes on to make more goals .	what is shown with the score as the yellow and blue team goes on to make more goals ?	scoreboard
8951	A lady uses a Shisha pipe while sitting .	who uses the shisha pipe while sitting ?	lady
8951	A lady uses a Shisha pipe while sitting .	what does the lady use while sitting ?	pipe
8952	The lady blows the smoke into a cut , soapy bottle half .	who blows the smoke into a cut , soapy bottle half ?	lady
8953	The bubble pops releasing the smoke .	what pops releasing the smoke ?	bubble
8954	The bubble float away with the smoke still enclosed and falls to the floor .	what float away with the smoke still enclosed and falls to the floor ?	bubble
8955	A camera pans all around a beer pong table as well as people talking and speaking into a microphone .	what pans all around a beer pong table as well as people talking and speaking into a microphone ?	camera
8958	A group of men standing beside each other are all bent forward chugging beer through very long straws .	what is the group of men standing beside each other are all bent forward chugging through very long straws ?	beer
8962	a white house and a backyard full of snow appears a person is cleaning the fron entrance of the house .	what is the color of the house ?	white
8963	a car covered in snow appears and the person is cleaning the snow from the car and its open the road in front of the car .	what covered in snow appears and the person is cleaning the snow from the car and its open the road in front of the car ?	car
8964	a red car appears covered in snow and a person is cleaning the snow .	what appears covered in snow and a person is cleaning the snow ?	car
8964	a red car appears covered in snow and a person is cleaning the snow .	what is the color of the car ?	red
8965	a black car is covered in snow .	what is covered in snow ?	car
8965	a black car is covered in snow .	what is the color of the car ?	black
8966	A man in orange waves then mounts a pommel horse .	what does the man in orange waves then mount ?	horse
8966	A man in orange waves then mounts a pommel horse .	what is the color of the waves ?	orange
8967	The man spins around and around on the pommel horse .	who spins around and around on the pommel horse ?	man
8969	The man swings one leg at a time .	who swings one leg at a time ?	man
8969	The man swings one leg at a time .	how many leg does the man swing at a time ?	one
8970	The man does a handstand then dismounts .	who does the handstand then dismounts ?	man
8971	The man walks away as another walks to the pommel horse .	who walks away as another walks to the pommel horse ?	man
8972	The end screens are shown and the video ends .	what are shown and the video ends ?	screens
8973	The army grab their paint guns on the table and loaded them with paint balls .	what do the army grab on the table ?	guns
8974	A girl is dressed in a pink and black outfit talking in a room laying on a blue yoga mat .	who is dressed in the pink and black outfit talking in a room laying on a blue yoga mat ?	girl
8974	A girl is dressed in a pink and black outfit talking in a room laying on a blue yoga mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
8975	The lady then lays on her back and puts her hand across her chest .	who then lays on her back and puts her hand across her chest ?	lady
8981	A clear coating is coating is applied onto the nails .	what is coating is applied onto the nails ?	coating
8981	A clear coating is coating is applied onto the nails .	what is the clear coating ?	coating
8982	The tape is removed and the edges are cleaned up with nail polish remover solution .	what is removed and the edges are cleaned up with nail polish remover solution ?	tape
8983	A woman work out in a cardio machine pulling a handle in a gym .	who work out in the cardio machine pulling a handle in a gym ?	woman
8984	A person enters the gym .	what does the person enter ?	gym
8985	Then someone grabs the rope on the camel to guide the camel to the right place .	what does then someone grab on the camel to guide the camel to the right place ?	rope
8986	Finally the man pulls the camel the man is sitting on while the other 2 camels walk behind the camel in the front .	who does finally pull the camel the man is sitting on while the other 2 camels walk behind the camel in the front ?	man
8986	Finally the man pulls the camel the man is sitting on while the other 2 camels walk behind the camel in the front .	what does finally the man pull ?	camel
8986	Finally the man pulls the camel the man is sitting on while the other 2 camels walk behind the camel in the front .	finally the man pulls the camel the man is sitting on while how many camels walk behind the camel in the front ?	two
8987	A man picks up a bowling ball and throws it down the lane at some pins .	who picks up the bowling ball and throws it down the lane at some pins ?	man
8987	A man picks up a bowling ball and throws it down the lane at some pins .	what does the man pick up bowling ?	ball
8995	A gymnast is seen standing ready with her arms up in the air in front of a large crowd .	who is seen standing ready with her arms up in the air in front of a large crowd ?	gymnast
8996	The girl then jumps up onto a beam and begins performing gymnastic tricks .	who then jumps up onto the beam and begins performing gymnastic tricks ?	girl
8997	The girl continues flipping and spinning around and ends with her jumping off to the side .	who continues flipping and spinning around and ends with her jumping off to the side ?	girl
8998	A young man runs and jumps over a bar onto a mat multiple times .	who runs and jumps over the bar onto a mat multiple times ?	man
9000	The same young man then jumps over the bar using a springboard landing on the mat several times .	who then jumps over the bar using a springboard landing on the mat several times ?	man
9002	Several kids are driving bumper cars in a group at a fair .	who are driving bumper cars in a group at a fair ?	kids
9002	Several kids are driving bumper cars in a group at a fair .	what are several kids driving in a group at a fair ?	cars
9003	A younger girl gets stuck and a man walks over to help her .	who gets stuck and the man walks over to help her ?	girl
9003	A younger girl gets stuck and a man walks over to help her .	who does the younger girl get stuck and walks over to help her ?	man
9005	The kids all go down the stairs and back to the fair area .	who all go down the stairs and back to the fair area ?	kids
9008	A man uses a bow and arrow to hit the targets .	who uses the bow and arrow to hit the targets ?	man
9010	A man shoots a bow behind a pile of sticks .	who shoots the bow behind a pile of sticks ?	man
9010	A man shoots a bow behind a pile of sticks .	what does the man shoot behind a pile of sticks ?	bow
9011	A young child is seen standing behind a set of drums and then begins playing the drums .	who is seen standing behind the set of drums and then begins playing the drums ?	child
9012	The boys continues playing on the drums and ends with him kissing his fingers and giving a peace sign .	who continues playing on the drums and ends with him kissing his fingers and giving a peace sign ?	boys
9013	There are people in a garage standing around a long wooden table that has a lot of red solo cups on it .	what is the color of the cups ?	red
9014	They all start throwing ping pong balls in attempt to get them to land in a red solo cup .	what is the color of the cup ?	red
9014	They all start throwing ping pong balls in attempt to get them to land in a red solo cup .	where do they all start throwing ping pong balls in attempt to get them to land . ?	cup
9017	A man is seen interviewing another man on camera and leads into several groups of people playing shuffle board .	who is seen interviewing another man on camera and leads into several groups of people playing shuffle board ?	man
9018	The camera pans back to the man being interviewed and ends with the host having one final word to the camera .	what pans back to the man being interviewed and ends with the host having one final word to the camera ?	camera
9019	Two woman are outdoors outside of a building and are playing hopscotch on cemented ground .	who are outdoors outside of a building and are playing hopscotch on cemented ground ?	woman
9019	Two woman are outdoors outside of a building and are playing hopscotch on cemented ground .	how many woman are outdoors outside of a building and are playing hopscotch on cemented ground ?	two
9020	There is white text on the screen .	what is the color of the text ?	white
9023	The older woman walks and celebrates raising her arms .	who walks and celebrates raising her arms ?	woman
9026	The woman then lays out various ingredients on the bread and rolls it up in a wrap .	who then lays out various ingredients on the bread and rolls it up in a wrap ?	woman
9026	The woman then lays out various ingredients on the bread and rolls it up in a wrap .	where does the woman then roll it up . ?	wrap
9027	Several pictures are then shown in the end of the sandwich all ready and people enjoying the sandwich .	what are then shown in the end of the sandwich all ready and people enjoying the sandwich ?	pictures
9028	A man is standing inside a gym .	who is standing inside the gym ?	man
9031	A man is seen in the ocean on a surf board .	who is seen in the ocean on a surf board ?	man
9032	The man glides towards an on coming wave .	who glides towards an on coming wave ?	man
9033	The man then jumps over the wave .	who then jumps over the wave ?	man
9034	The man then rides the inside of a new wave .	who then rides the inside of a new wave ?	man
9035	Two sumo wrestlers are shown on a set with hundreds of people watching in the back taking pictures .	who are shown on the set with hundreds of people watching in the back taking pictures ?	wrestlers
9035	Two sumo wrestlers are shown on a set with hundreds of people watching in the back taking pictures .	how many sumo wrestlers are shown on the set with hundreds of people watching in the back taking pictures ?	two
9037	Two people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into the man peel a pear and scoping out the sides .	how many people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into the man peel a pear and scoping out the sides ?	two
9038	The man then cuts the fruit and presents it onto a plate while still speaking to the camera .	who then cuts the fruit and presents it onto a plate while still speaking to the camera ?	man
9038	The man then cuts the fruit and presents it onto a plate while still speaking to the camera .	what does the man then cut ?	fruit
9040	The camera pans over to the boy 's leg showing one of his friends shaving the hair off his leg with an electric razor .	what pans over to the boy 's leg showing one of his friends shaving the hair off his leg with an electric razor ?	camera
9041	People are standing on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
9045	A man opens the door and tries to jump over the snow that is in the way .	who opens the door and tries to jump over the snow that is in the way ?	man
9045	A man opens the door and tries to jump over the snow that is in the way .	what does the man open ?	door
9051	A man is in a boat people floating in a raft .	who is in the boat people floating in a raft ?	man
9052	A bus sits in front of the rafting facility and men stack rafts as other men walk with their rafts .	what sits in front of the rafting facility and men stack rafts as other men walk with their rafts ?	bus
9055	The lady then jet skis .	who then jet skis ?	lady
9055	The lady then jet skis .	what does the lady then jet ?	skis
9057	The boat turns and we no longer see land in the background .	what turns and we no longer see land in the background ?	boat
9058	The lady falls off the ski .	who falls off the ski ?	lady
9058	The lady falls off the ski .	what does the lady fall off ?	ski
9059	A man walks over to help the lady in the lake .	who walks over to help the lady in the lake ?	man
9060	At the fair the bumper cars are being used .	what are at the fair being used ?	cars
9065	The woman wins and smiles .	who wins and smiles ?	woman
9066	The woman puts a blind fold on .	who puts the blind fold on ?	woman
9066	The woman puts a blind fold on .	what does the woman put on ?	fold
9067	The woman gives the man a hug .	who gives the man a hug ?	woman
9068	A young girl is seen talking to the camera and leads into her browsing the internet then raking up leads in a yard .	who is seen talking to the camera and leads into her browsing the internet then raking up leads in a yard ?	girl
9069	The girl is then seen sitting in the leaves and transitions into speaking with her mother in the kitchen .	who is then seen sitting in the leaves and transitions into speaking with her mother in the kitchen ?	girl
9073	Gymnasts perform on the poles .	who perform on the poles ?	gymnasts
9075	A man is brushing the bottom of a ski .	who is brushing the bottom of a ski ?	man
9079	An athlete is shown warming up in front of a pole while several others in the background run around a track .	who is shown warming up in front of a pole while several others in the background run around a track ?	athlete
9080	The man eventually prepares for his jump and jumps over the pole .	who eventually prepares for his jump and jumps over the pole ?	man
9082	A lady stands with a pot and shows an area of a wall .	who stands with the pot and shows an area of a wall ?	lady
9083	The wall is cleaned with a wet towel using the solution in the pot .	what is cleaned with the wet towel using the solution in the pot ?	wall
9084	The lady points to an area of the wall that is discolored .	who points to an area of the wall that is discolored ?	lady
9086	The man rocks back and fourth to the song and interments between pictures of a band and himself playing .	what back and fourth to the song and interments between pictures of a band and himself playing ?	rocks
9087	man is standing in front of a counter showing how to sharpening a knife .	who is standing in front of a counter showing how to sharpening a knife ?	man
9088	in the background man is cooking in the back counter .	who is in the background cooking in the back counter ?	man
9089	man is explaining and checking the areas of the knife .	who is explaining and checking the areas of the knife ?	man
9090	Three wrestlers were in the ring and crowd iswatching intently .	who were in the ring and crowd iswatching intently ?	wrestlers
9090	Three wrestlers were in the ring and crowd iswatching intently .	how many wrestlers were in the ring and crowd iswatching intently ?	three
9091	One wrestler named , East of Angeles , back away and climb the ladder .	who named , east of angeles , back away and climb the ladder ?	wrestler
9091	One wrestler named , East of Angeles , back away and climb the ladder .	what did one wrestler name , east of angeles , back away and climb ?	ladder
9091	One wrestler named , East of Angeles , back away and climb the ladder .	how many wrestler named ?	one
9094	TandumisGreat climb on the back of East of Angeles and they both fall off the ladder , knocking East of Angeles .	what do tandumisgreat climb on the back of east of angeles and they both fall off , ?	ladder
9095	TandumISGReat climbs once again on the top of the ladder and holds the hanging money bank .	what does tandumisgreat hold ?	bank
9100	We see an animated opening sequence .	what do we see ?	sequence
9102	We see a man riding on the back part of the snowboard .	who do we see riding on the back part of the snowboard ?	man
9104	A man is snowboarding with bare arms .	who is snowboarding with bare arms ?	man
9107	A woman is seen riding off a bull when the bull knocks her off and others run in to help .	who is seen riding off the bull when the bull knocks her off and others run in to help ?	woman
9109	People are throwing balls into plastic cups .	what are people throwing into plastic cups ?	balls
9110	A hand knocks over a red plastic cup and wastes the liquid inside .	what does the hand knock over ?	cup
9110	A hand knocks over a red plastic cup and wastes the liquid inside .	what is the color of the cup ?	red
9112	A plastic cup has a white suspension inside .	what is the color of the suspension ?	white
9114	A guy carries a lady as they gesture and cheer .	who carries the lady as they gesture and cheer ?	guy
9114	A guy carries a lady as they gesture and cheer .	who does the guy carry ?	lady
9115	A counter is shown with beer cans on it .	what is shown with beer cans on it ?	counter
9116	A man is in a bathroom , using a toilet .	who is in the bathroom , using a toilet ?	man
9116	A man is in a bathroom , using a toilet .	where is the man , using a toilet . ?	bathroom
9118	The skier adjusts the rope with his red and black skis extending in front of him over the water as he prepares to ski .	who adjusts the rope with his red and black skis extending in front of him over the water as he prepares to ski ?	skier
9118	The skier adjusts the rope with his red and black skis extending in front of him over the water as he prepares to ski .	what does the skier adjust with his red and black skis extending in front of him over the water as he prepares to ski ?	rope
9119	The boat pulls him off the dock and into the water as he rests upright , his skis out in front of him .	what pulls him off the dock and into the water as he rests upright , his skis out in front of him ?	boat
9120	As the boat picks up speed , the skier rises , and holds onto the rope , steering left and right .	, who rises , and holds onto the rope , steering left and right ?	skier
9122	The boat turns towards the land with large buildings coming into view , and slowly he is taken back to the dock .	what turns towards the land with large buildings coming into view , and slowly he is taken back to the dock ?	boat
9124	The kids continue to play the hand game with one another that leads into the beating another with a bottle .	who continue to play the hand game with one another that leads into the beating another with a bottle ?	kids
9125	A cat is laying on its back on the couch .	what is laying on its back on the couch ?	cat
9126	A person picks up the cat and lays it on their lap .	what does the person pick up ?	cat
9130	In the end the camera shows several shots of the boat and people moving away on a smaller boat .	what does in the end show several shots of the boat and people moving away on a smaller boat ?	camera
9131	A group of kids are seen practicing various cheer leading moves in a gym as well as woman speaking to the camera .	where are the group of kids seen practicing various cheer leading moves as well as woman speaking to the camera . ?	gym
9133	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of him climbing along a wall .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of him climbing along a wall ?	man
9134	The man continues climbing along the rock wall and ends by looking back to the camera .	who continues climbing along the rock wall and ends by looking back to the camera ?	man
9135	A backyard is shown as a man sitting on an electric lawn mower begins to cut the grass .	what is shown as the man sitting on an electric lawn mower begins to cut the grass ?	backyard
9138	A bull comes out of the gate at a rodeo and man in the ring jumps on then off his back .	what comes out of the gate at a rodeo and man in the ring jumps on then off his back ?	bull
9139	The man picks up his fallen hat in the ring .	who picks up his fallen hat in the ring ?	man
9140	The man runs around dodging the charging bull .	who runs around dodging the charging bull ?	man
9141	The man drops his hat in the ring .	who drops his hat in the ring ?	man
9141	The man drops his hat in the ring .	what does the man drop in the ring ?	hat
9142	The man jumps on the wall to avoid the bull .	who jumps on the wall to avoid the bull ?	man
9143	Another man opens the gate and calls to the bull to enter the pin .	who opens the gate and calls to the bull to enter the pin ?	man
9143	Another man opens the gate and calls to the bull to enter the pin .	what does another man open ?	gate
9146	The camera pans left to show others .	what left to show others ?	pans
9147	The camera pans right and we see others .	what pans right and we see others ?	camera
9149	The camera pans down to the ground .	what pans down to the ground ?	camera
9151	A dog jumps in some sand dirt and is so happy about it .	what jumps in some sand dirt and is so happy about it ?	dog
9155	Two teams of young girls are playing field hockey .	how many teams of young girls are playing field hockey ?	two
9156	The goalie is shown falling to the ground while making a save .	who is shown falling to the ground while making a save ?	goalie
9157	The goalie makes another sliding save .	who makes another sliding save ?	goalie
9158	The goalie kicks the ball away from the net .	who kicks the ball away from the net ?	goalie
9158	The goalie kicks the ball away from the net .	what does the goalie kick away from the net ?	ball
9159	The game ends and the girls give high fives .	who does the game end and give high fives ?	girls
9160	A man is standing outside in his front lawn with his mower .	who is standing outside in his front lawn with his mower ?	man
9162	He uses a ruler to show more detailed and then moves the mower to the sidewalk to talk some more .	who does he use ?	ruler
9162	He uses a ruler to show more detailed and then moves the mower to the sidewalk to talk some more .	he then moves what to the sidewalk ?	mower
9165	A tool is being shown by a man holding it .	what is being shown by the man holding it ?	tool
9167	A person with a white mask and a sheet over his head walks back from the camera and grabs a pumpkin .	what does the person with a white mask and a sheet over his head grab ?	pumpkin
9167	A person with a white mask and a sheet over his head walks back from the camera and grabs a pumpkin .	what is the color of the mask ?	white
9174	A small child is seen standing before a set of monkey bars .	who is seen standing before the set of monkey bars ?	child
9175	The boy then pushes himself along across the monkey bars .	who then pushes himself along across the monkey bars ?	boy
9177	A large boat is shown sailing through ocean water .	what is shown sailing through ocean water ?	boat
9180	A pinata is hanging from a tree , and a woman brings a girl with a stick over to it .	what is hanging from the tree , and a woman brings a girl with a stick over to it ?	pinata
9180	A pinata is hanging from a tree , and a woman brings a girl with a stick over to it .	who is the pinata hanging from a tree , and brings a girl with a stick over to it ?	woman
9182	An intro screen appears that include a logo and the words `` Expert Village Presents '' .	what appears that include the logo and the words `` expert village presents '' ?	screen
9183	A woman is now sitting and talking while holding a clarinet .	who is now sitting and talking while holding the clarinet ?	woman
9184	The woman then puts the clarinet to her mouth and begins playing for a few seconds .	who then puts the clarinet to her mouth and begins playing for a few seconds ?	woman
9184	The woman then puts the clarinet to her mouth and begins playing for a few seconds .	what does the woman then put to her mouth ?	clarinet
9185	The woman stops playing and resumes talking and using a lot of hand motioning , then resumes playing .	who stops playing and resumes talking and using a lot of hand motioning , then resumes playing ?	woman
9186	The woman once again stops playing and begins talking while using her hands a lot and holding it in front of her face and etc. .	who once again stops playing and begins talking while using her hands a lot and holding it in front of her face and etc. ?	woman
9187	The woman begins playing once more until the outro of a white screen appears and it include a logo , and information for : copyright , rights and website .	who begins playing once more until the outro of a white screen appears and it include a logo , and information for : copyright , rights and website ?	woman
9187	The woman begins playing once more until the outro of a white screen appears and it include a logo , and information for : copyright , rights and website .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
9191	A man in gray long sleeves talks in a stage of Ultimate Guinness World Records .	what is the color of the sleeves ?	gray
9193	Two players play table tennis and continue playing for a minute and record 173 hits .	how many players play table tennis and continue playing for a minute and record 173 hits ?	two
9196	A woman is holding onto a wind surfboard in the water .	who is holding onto the wind surfboard in the water ?	woman
9201	A man talks to the audience while seated on stage before a performance .	who talks to the audience while seated on stage before a performance ?	man
9202	A man plays the keys of an accordion while opening and closing the air box .	who plays the keys of an accordion while opening and closing the air box ?	man
9203	The man sings a few verses loudly with excitement .	who sings the few verses loudly with excitement ?	man
9204	The man finishes the song and gathers up his notes from the podium .	who finishes the song and gathers up his notes from the podium ?	man
9208	The lady sat at the center of the studio with her wet hair , she put a white cream on her hand then rub it on her hair .	who sat at the center of the studio with her wet hair , she put a white cream on her hand then rub it on her hair ?	lady
9208	The lady sat at the center of the studio with her wet hair , she put a white cream on her hand then rub it on her hair .	what is the color of the cream ?	white
9213	A male toddler is sitting on the floor near a female toddler and they are playing miniature floor foosball .	who is sitting on the floor near a female toddler and they are playing miniature floor foosball ?	toddler
9213	A male toddler is sitting on the floor near a female toddler and they are playing miniature floor foosball .	what is the male toddler sitting on the floor near a female toddler and they are playing ?	floor
9216	Once they are removed , the two kids continue playing the game and moving the handles on the bars .	who do , continue playing the game and moving the handles on the bars ?	kids
9216	Once they are removed , the two kids continue playing the game and moving the handles on the bars .	how many kids are once they removed , continue playing the game and moving the handles on the bars ?	two
9217	The camera then zooms in on the boy and then the girl expressing their emotions .	what then zooms in on the boy and then the girl expressing their emotions ?	camera
9219	A goal is finally made and the girl goes into the goal and picks the ball out .	who is the goal finally made and goes into the goal and picks the ball out ?	girl
9219	A goal is finally made and the girl goes into the goal and picks the ball out .	what is the goal finally made and the girl goes into the goal and picks out ?	ball
9222	Two surfers surf close to each other and are knocked down by a wave .	who surf close to each other and are knocked down by a wave ?	surfers
9222	Two surfers surf close to each other and are knocked down by a wave .	how many surfers surf close to each other and are knocked down by a wave ?	two
9223	A surfer is casually swimming when a wave crashes straight into him .	who is casually swimming when the wave crashes straight into him ?	surfer
9224	A surfer attempts to surf but is quickly thrown off his board by a wave .	who attempts to surf but is quickly thrown off his board by a wave ?	surfer
9225	A little girl is playing with a toy hair dryer .	who is playing with the toy hair dryer ?	girl
9228	She picks up a toy curler and sets it down on the desk in front of her .	what does she pick up ?	curler
9229	Two people are skiing , holding a rope .	how many people are skiing , holding the rope ?	two
9234	The boy moves to the side of the boat and then flips over the second skier .	who moves to the side of the boat and then flips over the second skier ?	boy
9235	The boy leans back on his board and flips back over the other skier .	who leans back on his board and flips back over the other skier ?	boy
9236	The boy in green swings out again and flips over the skier giving him a high five .	who in green swings out again and flips over the skier giving him a high five ?	boy
9236	The boy in green swings out again and flips over the skier giving him a high five .	what is the color of the swings ?	green
9237	The two skiers have a conversation while riding .	how many skiers have the conversation while riding ?	two
9238	Both skiers swing out and swing to the other side of the boat .	who swing out and swing to the other side of the boat ?	skiers
9239	The boys continue to wave and talk .	who continue to wave and talk ?	boys
9240	A woman does a dance with a hulahoop .	who does the dance with a hulahoop ?	woman
9242	A young man puts cement to the ceiling and even with a flat tool .	who puts cement to the ceiling and even with a flat tool ?	man
9243	the man wears stilts on his feet .	who wears stilts on his feet ?	man
9244	The man puts cement on the empty spaces and strokes with the tool to even the ceiling .	who puts cement on the empty spaces and strokes with the tool to even the ceiling ?	man
9246	A rider falls off his bike and a trailing bike hits him and knocks him back to the ground .	what does the rider fall off and a trailing bike hits him and knocks him back to the ground ?	bicycle
9246	A rider falls off his bike and a trailing bike hits him and knocks him back to the ground .	what does the rider fall off his bike and hits him and knocks him back to the ground ?	bicycle
9250	The diver hitting the pool causes a small splash .	who is hitting the pool causes a small splash ?	diver
9250	The diver hitting the pool causes a small splash .	the diver hitting what causes a small splash ?	pool
9252	A car is driving down a road with passengers .	what is driving down the road with passengers ?	car
9257	A woman is talking and is excited .	who is talking and is excited ?	woman
9258	She pulls out a pink sweater to iron .	what does she pull out to iron ?	sweater
9259	She irons the pink sweater .	what does she iron ?	sweater
9263	A man is seen speaking to the camera in a large field while holding a lacrosse stick .	who is seen speaking to the camera in a large field while holding a lacrosse stick ?	man
9265	A girl swings her stick away at a pinata .	who swings her stick away at a pinata ?	girl
9268	A camera pans around a large gymnasium and leads into two performers walking to the middle of the stage .	what pans around the large gymnasium and leads into two performers walking to the middle of the stage ?	camera
9269	The girls perform a dance routine use batons and end by holding a pose .	who perform the dance routine use batons and end by holding a pose ?	girls
9272	A man is seen jogging on the side of the road as well as speaking to the camera .	who is seen jogging on the side of the road as well as speaking to the camera ?	man
9273	Clips are shown of him warming up on the side and running up along mountainsides .	what are shown of him warming up on the side and running up along mountainsides ?	clips
9275	A woman chef is demonstrating how to make restaurant style pasta .	who is demonstrating how to make restaurant style pasta ?	chef
9280	She removes the cooked pasta off of the gas and pours it into a plate .	what does she remove off of the gas ?	pasta
9282	She chops fresh basil with a pair of scissors and garnishes it over the pasta along with some cheese Then she shows an Alfredo sauce recipe .	what did she chop with a pair of scissors then she shows an alfredo sauce recipe ?	basil
9282	She chops fresh basil with a pair of scissors and garnishes it over the pasta along with some cheese Then she shows an Alfredo sauce recipe .	she chops fresh basil with a pair of scissors and garnishes it over the pasta along with some cheese then she shows what ?	recipe
9285	They mix around the ingredients , put the mug in the microwave , and take it out in the end showing off the cake .	what do they mix around ?	ingredients
9286	A large multilayer red velvet cake is shown , along with the multitude of ingredients .	what is shown , along with the multitude of ingredients ?	cake
9286	A large multilayer red velvet cake is shown , along with the multitude of ingredients .	what is the color of the cake ?	red
9289	A man is on a stage amongst bright flashing lights and music .	who is on the stage amongst bright flashing lights and music ?	man
9292	There are two women dressed in black and blue tank tops demonstrating how to use the hula hoop .	who are there dressed in black and blue tank tops demonstrating how to use the hula hoop ?	women
9292	There are two women dressed in black and blue tank tops demonstrating how to use the hula hoop .	how many women are there dressed in black and blue tank tops demonstrating how to use the hula hoop ?	two
9295	The woman in the blue tank top shows how to hula hoop in fast motion .	what is the color of the top ?	blue
9296	Then both the women show how to twirl the hoop by raising it high up above their heads .	who do then show how to twirl the hoop by raising it high up above their heads ?	women
9299	The men are taking turns chopping a log in two .	what are the men taking ?	turns
9302	A man stands in front of a set of pull up and double bars at a park .	who stands in front of a set of pull up and double bars at a park ?	man
9303	The man does shoulder dips on the set of parallel bars .	who does shoulder dips on the set of parallel bars ?	man
9303	The man does shoulder dips on the set of parallel bars .	what does the man do on the set of parallel bars ?	dips
9304	The man does push ups with his feet up on the parallel bars .	who does push ups with his feet up on the parallel bars ?	man
9305	The man does pull ups on one of the bars .	who does pull ups on one of the bars ?	man
9306	The man walks back up in front of the equipment after the routine .	who walks back up in front of the equipment after the routine ?	man
9308	The man continues cutting all along the hedge while moving in and out of frame .	who continues cutting all along the hedge while moving in and out of frame ?	man
9310	We see a tree trunk and leaves falling .	what do we see ?	trunk
9311	We see the man talking and see the yard as he rakes .	who do we see talking ?	man
9312	We then see the man as he blows it with a leaf blower and a vacuum .	who do we then see ?	man
9314	A young woman then appears in a grassy field and play with her dog and throwing a red Frisbee to him .	who then appears in the grassy field and play with her dog and throwing a red frisbee to him ?	woman
9314	A young woman then appears in a grassy field and play with her dog and throwing a red Frisbee to him .	the young woman then play with her dog and throwing what to him ?	frisbee
9314	A young woman then appears in a grassy field and play with her dog and throwing a red Frisbee to him .	what is the color of the frisbee ?	red
9315	A young boy kneels outside and washes his face and hands from small dishes , in front of him , filled with water and soap .	who kneels outside and washes his face and hands from small dishes , in front of him , filled with water and soap ?	boy
9316	A boy kneels in a corner of an outdoor patio in front of a row of bowls .	who kneels in the corner of an outdoor patio in front of a row of bowls ?	boy
9317	The boy splashes water on his face and lathers his hands with soapy water from the dishes .	who splashes water on his face and lathers his hands with soapy water from the dishes ?	boy
9318	The boy continues washing his face as a woman in a light colored dress garment walks past him .	who continues washing his face as a woman in a light colored dress garment walks past him ?	boy
9318	The boy continues washing his face as a woman in a light colored dress garment walks past him .	where does the boy continue washing his face as a woman walks past him . ?	garment
9320	The dog runs to the right and out of the path .	what runs to the right and out of the path ?	dog
9321	The dog runs back and fort in front of the leaf blower .	what runs back and fort in front of the leaf blower ?	dog
9323	The dealer continuously throws out cards while also putting chips in .	who continuously throws out cards while also putting chips in ?	dealer
9326	A man is then shown being interviewed on camera as well as an other woman beside him .	who is then shown being interviewed on camera as well as an other woman beside him ?	man
9327	A man wearing a ghost shirt is playing a game of beer pong .	who is wearing a ghost shirt is playing a game of beer pong ?	man
9327	A man wearing a ghost shirt is playing a game of beer pong .	the man wearing what is playing a game of beer pong ?	shirt
9328	He lines up four cups , throwing the balls into the cups .	what are he lines up four cups , throwing into the cups ?	balls
9328	He lines up four cups , throwing the balls into the cups .	how many cups are he lines up , throwing the balls into the cups ?	four
9332	A tall building is shown with a tower .	what is shown with the tower ?	building
9334	A woman wraps several Christmas gifts .	who wraps several christmas gifts ?	woman
9334	A woman wraps several Christmas gifts .	what does the woman wrap ?	gifts
9335	A woman smiles and cuts a wrapping paper with a scissor .	who smiles and cuts the wrapping paper with a scissor ?	woman
9335	A woman smiles and cuts a wrapping paper with a scissor .	what does the woman smile and cuts with a scissor ?	paper
9336	The woman places a teddy bear in a bowl .	who places the teddy bear in a bowl ?	woman
9336	The woman places a teddy bear in a bowl .	where does the woman place a teddy bear . ?	bowl
9337	A woman puts two crystal presents in a white and pink box .	who puts two crystal presents in a white and pink box ?	woman
9337	A woman puts two crystal presents in a white and pink box .	how many crystal presents does the woman put in a white and pink box ?	two
9337	A woman puts two crystal presents in a white and pink box .	where does the woman put two crystal presents . ?	box
9338	A woman holds up a covered gift wrapped in silver wrapping paper .	who holds up the covered gift wrapped in silver wrapping paper ?	woman
9338	A woman holds up a covered gift wrapped in silver wrapping paper .	what does the woman hold up wrapped in silver wrapping paper ?	gift
9339	A woman places a jewelry box in a box .	who places the jewelry box in a box ?	woman
9339	A woman places a jewelry box in a box .	where does the woman place a jewelry box . ?	box
9340	The woman presents a gold bowl .	who presents the gold bowl ?	woman
9340	The woman presents a gold bowl .	what does the woman present ?	bowl
9342	The woman blows glitter papers from the palm of her hand .	who glitter papers from the palm of her hand ?	blows
9344	There 's a man wearing a white graphic shirt , sitting with bongo drums drumming a beat on the drums .	who does there 's wearing a white graphic shirt , sitting with bongo drums drumming a beat on the drums ?	man
9344	There 's a man wearing a white graphic shirt , sitting with bongo drums drumming a beat on the drums .	there 's a man wearing what , sitting with bongo drums drumming a beat on the drums ?	shirt
9344	There 's a man wearing a white graphic shirt , sitting with bongo drums drumming a beat on the drums .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
9345	He is wearing headphones as he drums a beat on the drums .	what is he wearing ?	headphones
9351	A man is seen walking over to a young girl who stands on a stage and begins performing martial arts .	who is seen walking over to the young girl who stands on a stage and begins performing martial arts ?	man
9353	The man in black shirt and blue jeans is rolling an old red carpet and vacuum the floor .	what is the color of the carpet ?	red
9355	The camera shows several different people stretching and warming up followed by two people falling over and standing up .	what shows several different people stretching and warming up followed by two people falling over and standing up ?	camera
9356	Several clips are shown of snow boarders doing tricks on a mountain as well as jumps and grinds .	what are shown of snow boarders doing tricks on a mountain as well as jumps and grinds ?	clips
9358	woman is talking to the camera sanding i front of a wall with a lot of wallpapers .	who is talking to the camera sanding i front of a wall with a lot of wallpapers ?	woman
9361	A man in a red jacket is talking on a hockey rink .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
9364	man is riding a motorbike in a dusty path inside a dome .	who is riding the motorbike in a dusty path inside a dome ?	man
9365	motorbikes are riding bikes doing motocross in a field inside a dome .	what are riding bikes doing motocross in a field inside a dome ?	motorcycles
9365	motorbikes are riding bikes doing motocross in a field inside a dome .	what are motorbikes riding ?	bicycles
9367	A man stands next to a pile of wood holding tools on his shoulders .	who stands next to a pile of wood holding tools on his shoulders ?	man
9367	A man stands next to a pile of wood holding tools on his shoulders .	what does the man stand on his shoulders ?	tools
9368	The man uses a large ax to chop logs standing upright in a grassy forested area area .	who uses the large ax to chop logs standing upright in a grassy forested area area ?	man
9368	The man uses a large ax to chop logs standing upright in a grassy forested area area .	what does the man use ?	ax
9369	Two men are playing ping pong together , one guy is wearing a black suit , the guy in the black suit has a unique style .	who are two men playing ping pong together , is wearing a black suit , the guy in the black suit has a unique style ?	guy
9369	Two men are playing ping pong together , one guy is wearing a black suit , the guy in the black suit has a unique style .	what are two men playing ping pong together , one guy is wearing , the guy in the black suit has a unique style ?	suit
9369	Two men are playing ping pong together , one guy is wearing a black suit , the guy in the black suit has a unique style .	how many men are playing ping pong together ?	two
9369	Two men are playing ping pong together , one guy is wearing a black suit , the guy in the black suit has a unique style .	how many guy is wearing the black suit ?	one
9369	Two men are playing ping pong together , one guy is wearing a black suit , the guy in the black suit has a unique style .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
9369	Two men are playing ping pong together , one guy is wearing a black suit , the guy in the black suit has a unique style .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
9370	The man in the black suit spikes the ping pong ball and celebrates .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
9371	The camera scene switches to show the players from another perspective , the player in the black suit makes another spike on the ball .	what switches to show the players from another perspective , the player in the black suit makes another spike on the ball ?	scene
9371	The camera scene switches to show the players from another perspective , the player in the black suit makes another spike on the ball .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
9372	Now two players proceed to play the player in the black suit at once , he spiked the ball on both players .	how many players do now proceed to play the player in the black suit at once ?	two
9372	Now two players proceed to play the player in the black suit at once , he spiked the ball on both players .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
9373	A final challenger arrives and walks towards him .	who arrives and walks towards him ?	challenger
9374	The challenger spikes the ball so hard it kills him .	who spikes the ball so hard it kills him ?	challenger
9375	Two people front to front push discs on the floor with a stick in a gym .	two people front to front push what on the floor with a stick in a gym ?	discs
9375	Two people front to front push discs on the floor with a stick in a gym .	how many people front to front push discs on the floor with a stick in a gym ?	two
9376	A man pass on front a clock .	who pass on front a clock ?	man
9377	Two men are standing on a field behind a row of houses .	how many men are standing on the field behind a row of houses ?	two
9378	One swings a bat and runs onto the field , chasing a ball .	what does one swing ?	bat
9379	The ball is thrown back to the batter , and he continues the game of cricket with his team mates .	what is thrown back to the batter , and he continues the game of cricket with his team mates ?	ball
9382	Then a clip is shown of a little boy who puts a ball shaped like an eyeball on a foosball table .	what is then shown of the little boy who puts a ball shaped like an eyeball on a foosball table ?	clip
9384	Then , a clip is shown of two boys playing with the foosball table , one of whom is reading a magazine while playing .	what is then , shown of two boys playing with the foosball table , one of whom is reading a magazine while playing ?	clip
9385	Several additional clips appear showing the boys playing foosball in different ways .	what appear showing the boys playing foosball in different ways ?	clips
9393	A girl flips across the gym .	who flips across the gym ?	girl
9394	A young boy bounces a dodge ball .	who bounces the dodge ball ?	boy
9394	A young boy bounces a dodge ball .	what does the young boy bounce ?	ball
9396	A young boy aims a dodge ball at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws the ball hitting one of them .	who aims the dodge ball at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws the ball hitting one of them ?	boy
9396	A young boy aims a dodge ball at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws the ball hitting one of them .	what does the young boy aim at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym ?	ball
9396	A young boy aims a dodge ball at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws the ball hitting one of them .	what does the young boy throw hitting one of them ?	ball
9398	Another older boy in blue throws a dodge ball .	what does another older boy in blue throw ?	ball
9399	A little boy runs to the line holding two balls and throws one of them .	who runs to the line holding two balls and throws one of them ?	boy
9399	A little boy runs to the line holding two balls and throws one of them .	how many balls does the little boy run to the line holding ?	two
9400	A boy in blue throws a ball while a boy behind him runs .	what does the boy in blue throw ?	ball
9401	A boy in pink throws a ball .	what does the boy in pink throw ?	ball
9402	A young boy in white dips down and a ball flies over his head .	what is the color of the dips ?	white
9403	A boy in pink and then a girl in pink throw a ball .	what do the boy in pink and then a girl in pink throw ?	ball
9404	several kids in white celebrate .	what is the color of the kids ?	white
9406	The white team plays and a very young player throws the ball .	what does the white team plays and a very young player throw ?	ball
9406	The white team plays and a very young player throws the ball .	what is the color of the plays ?	white
9407	A boy in green throws the ball and the blue team runs to throw several balls back .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
9408	Another boy and girl run and throw a ball at the same time .	what do another boy and girl run and throw at the same time ?	ball
9409	A boy in white throws a ball .	what does the boy in white throw ?	ball
9409	A boy in white throws a ball .	what is the color of the boy ?	white
9411	The adults play do0dge ball .	who play do0dge ball ?	adults
9411	The adults play do0dge ball .	what do the adults play ?	ball
9413	A teen skateboard down a road while turning around and spinning .	who skateboard down the road while turning around and spinning ?	teen
9414	Another youth skateboard on the road while making turns .	who skateboard on the road while making turns ?	youth
9415	A boy holds a skateboard on his hand .	who holds the skateboard on his hand ?	boy
9416	A young man skateboard until a busy street , then the teen continue skateboarding .	who skateboard until the busy street , then the teen continue skateboarding ?	man
9416	A young man skateboard until a busy street , then the teen continue skateboarding .	who did the young man skateboard until a busy street , then continue skateboarding ?	teen
9417	A man puts on paintball gear in a mirror grabs his gun and runs through the snow .	who puts on paintball gear in a mirror grabs his gun and runs through the snow ?	man
9422	A man talks in front of a paintball park sign .	who talks in front of a paintball park sign ?	man
9423	Several bikes are in a shop lined up .	what are in the shop lined up ?	bicycles
9425	A man opens the box and removes the bike , He shows the pieces to the camera .	who opens the box and removes the bike , he shows the pieces to the camera ?	man
9425	A man opens the box and removes the bike , He shows the pieces to the camera .	what does the man open , he shows the pieces to the camera ?	box
9425	A man opens the box and removes the bike , He shows the pieces to the camera .	what does the man remove , he shows the pieces to the camera ?	bicycle
9427	A woman is standing at a table with a shoe and a can of hairspray .	who is standing at the table with a shoe and a can of hairspray ?	woman
9428	The woman sprays hairspray on a scuff mark on the shoe and takes a cotton tip and rubs the scuff mark out .	what do the woman sprays hairspray on a scuff rubs out ?	mark
9429	The scuff mark is gone and she talks to the camera .	what is gone and she talks to the camera ?	mark
9431	A group of men are standing a field and a man rolls a red ball to the other team and it is kicked out .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
9433	Now two more teams approach and the captains play Rock , Paper , Scissor to determine who will start the game .	who do now two more teams approach and play rock , paper , scissor to determine who will start the game ?	captains
9433	Now two more teams approach and the captains play Rock , Paper , Scissor to determine who will start the game .	how many more teams do now approach ?	two
9434	The woman loses and the men begin to play kicking the ball and running to the bases .	who loses and the men begin to play kicking the ball and running to the bases ?	woman
9435	A man walks alongside a boy who is mowing the lawn .	who walks alongside the boy who is mowing the lawn ?	man
9438	A woman holding a doll undoes curlers from the dolls hair .	who is holding a doll undoes curlers from the dolls hair ?	woman
9438	A woman holding a doll undoes curlers from the dolls hair .	what is the woman holding a doll undoes from the dolls hair ?	curlers
9439	The woman shoes off the dolls hair .	who shoes off the dolls hair ?	woman
9440	The woman turns the doll around to show off the back of the dolls head .	who turns the doll around to show off the back of the dolls head ?	woman
9441	The woman continues to show off the dolls hair .	who continues to show off the dolls hair ?	woman
9443	The man pours three liquors into a glass and shakes it up .	who pours three liquors into a glass and shakes it up ?	man
9443	The man pours three liquors into a glass and shakes it up .	what does the man pour into a glass ?	liquors
9443	The man pours three liquors into a glass and shakes it up .	how many liquors does the man pour into a glass ?	three
9444	The man pours it in a glass and adds soda .	who pours it in a glass and adds soda ?	man
9445	The man squeezes a lemon , stirs in the glass and transfers it to a smaller glass .	who squeezes the lemon , stirs in the glass and transfers it to a smaller glass ?	man
9445	The man squeezes a lemon , stirs in the glass and transfers it to a smaller glass .	what does the man squeeze ?	lemon
9446	The man adds a straw and presents the glass to us .	who adds the straw and presents the glass to us ?	man
9447	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding sponge and a sander in each hand .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding sponge and a sander in each hand ?	man
9448	The man then wets the sander and uses it along a set of skis .	who then wets the sander and uses it along a set of skis ?	man
9448	The man then wets the sander and uses it along a set of skis .	what does the man then wet ?	sander
9450	News anchors introduce a clip sitting at a desk in a newsroom .	what introduce the clip sitting at a desk in a newsroom ?	anchors
9450	News anchors introduce a clip sitting at a desk in a newsroom .	what do news anchors introduce sitting at a desk in a newsroom ?	clip
9454	A circle of green grass is shown with a trail of rocks surrounding it , a brick wall , and some trees .	what is the color of the grass ?	green
9455	A man then comes and starts to cut the grass going around its perimeter .	who then comes and starts to cut the grass going around its perimeter ?	man
9457	Two people are demonstrating Tai Chi .	how many people are demonstrating tai chi ?	two
9459	The instructors wearing blue robes are showing the basic moves used in Tai Chi .	who are wearing blue robes are showing the basic moves used in tai chi ?	instructors
9459	The instructors wearing blue robes are showing the basic moves used in Tai Chi .	the instructors wearing what are showing the basic moves used in tai chi ?	robes
9459	The instructors wearing blue robes are showing the basic moves used in Tai Chi .	what is the color of the robes ?	blue
9461	Then the instructor demonstrates arm strength by tapping his right arm over his extended left arm .	who does then demonstrate arm strength by tapping his right arm over his extended left arm ?	instructor
9462	Both the instructors stand facing each other as they demonstrate slow and gradual hand movements .	who stand facing each other as they demonstrate slow and gradual hand movements ?	instructors
9463	A man is shooting a bow and arrow .	who is shooting the bow and arrow ?	man
9466	A man is on front a sink talking and wash a dish , then he puts it on the counter .	who is on front the sink talking and wash a dish , then he puts it on the counter ?	man
9467	The man put dish soap on a dish and scrub it while rinsing with water .	who put dish soap on a dish and scrub it while rinsing with water ?	man
9467	The man put dish soap on a dish and scrub it while rinsing with water .	what did the man put on a dish ?	soap
9468	Then the man shows his tattooed arms , then continues washing dishes .	then who shows his tattooed arms , then continues washing dishes ?	man
9469	The two bulls run into each other and they bump heads fighting until they knock each other down .	what run into each other and they bump heads fighting until they knock each other down ?	bulls
9469	The two bulls run into each other and they bump heads fighting until they knock each other down .	how many bulls run into each other ?	two
9470	Then the people run over to them and some are holding rope , while one checks on it 's bloody head .	what do then the people run over to them and some are , ?	rope
9470	Then the people run over to them and some are holding rope , while one checks on it 's bloody head .	how many checks are some holding rope , while on it 's bloody head ?	one
9471	Two men are arm wrestling on a table .	how many men are arm wrestling on a table ?	two
9472	The door opens and another man comes in and arm wrestles .	what opens and another man comes in and arm wrestles ?	door
9473	They start fighting in the room .	where do they start fighting . ?	room
9476	The man is playing a keyboard , while the other man is playing the drum .	who is playing the keyboard , while the other man is playing the drum ?	man
9476	The man is playing a keyboard , while the other man is playing the drum .	what is the man playing , ?	keyboard
9477	The lady turned around , swirling around the stage and shake her hips .	who turned around , swirling around the stage and shake her hips ?	lady
9479	We see the man sitting on the floor talking to a camera .	who do we see sitting on the floor talking to a camera ?	man
9481	The man is talking and sitting still .	who is talking and sitting still ?	man
9482	We see the man dance fast .	who do we see fast ?	dance
9486	A man and a boy practice lay ups together , and the coach shows his point of view .	who did the man and a boy practice lay ups together , and shows his point of view ?	coach
9488	A White plastering tool is shown with a brown wooden handle on it .	what is plastering shown with a brown wooden handle on it ?	tool
9488	A White plastering tool is shown with a brown wooden handle on it .	what is the color of the handle ?	brown
9491	A man competes in a strong man competition and stands on a log chopping it with an ax in hand .	who competes in the strong man competition and stands on a log chopping it with an ax in hand ?	man
9492	The man finally splits the log below his feet .	who finally splits the log below his feet ?	man
9494	A A man in red steps onto a log and receives an ax by a referee .	what does a receive by a referee ?	ax
9494	A A man in red steps onto a log and receives an ax by a referee .	what is the color of the steps ?	red
9495	A man is talking inside a room in a house .	who is talking inside the room in a house ?	man
9498	Two professional bikers are biking at the Peckham BMX Club .	how many professional bikers are biking at the peckham bmx club ?	two
9501	There are five bikers wearing helmets standing ready to start a race .	there are five bikers wearing what ?	helmets
9501	There are five bikers wearing helmets standing ready to start a race .	how many bikers are there wearing helmets standing ready to start a race ?	five
9503	Two more batches of racers start the same race .	how many more batches of racers start the same race ?	two
9505	A person perform wake board holding a ski water rope .	the person perform wake board holding what ?	rope
9506	The man jumps an obstacle several times and lands in the water .	who jumps an obstacle several times and lands in the water ?	man
9507	Then , the man jumps the obstacle and spin around .	who does then , jump the obstacle and spin around ?	man
9508	Then , the man slides on ramps while flipping in the air .	who does then , slide on ramps while flipping in the air ?	man
9509	A man exercises by doing animated stretches in a doorway while holding a tennis racket .	who exercises by doing animated stretches in a doorway while holding a tennis racket ?	man
9510	A woman approaches him and the two begin to talk .	who approaches him and the two begin to talk ?	woman
9511	The man and woman begin to play tennis in a closed gym room by hitting the tennis ball against a wall with their tennis racket .	where do the man and woman begin to play tennis by hitting the tennis ball against a wall with their tennis racket . ?	room
9512	The man becomes irate as he plays and begins stomping , yelling , wildly gesturing and pushing the woman down on the floor when she falls as they play the game .	who becomes irate as he plays and begins stomping , yelling , wildly gesturing and pushing the woman down on the floor when she falls as they play the game ?	man
9513	When the game ends the woman leaves , looking upset and the man looks satisfied as he begins doing wild stretches in front of the doorway and talking to another person .	who does when the game end the woman leaves , looking upset and looks satisfied as he begins doing wild stretches in front of the doorway and talking to another person ?	man
9514	A girl is standing on top of a balance beam .	who is standing on top of a balance beam ?	girl
9518	he is holding a yellow lacrosse stick .	what is he holding lacrosse ?	stick
9518	he is holding a yellow lacrosse stick .	what is the color of the stick ?	yellow
9520	He picks up the yellow ball and throws it across to his father .	what does he pick up ?	ball
9520	He picks up the yellow ball and throws it across to his father .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
9522	His mother gets excited and shouts out for him .	who gets excited and shouts out for him ?	mother
9525	The bikers jump off a hill , but one of the bikers , dressed in red and black , tumbles to the ground .	what do the bikers jump off , but one of the bikers , dressed in red and black , tumbles to the ground ?	hill
9529	Three men dressed in black jackets come to the aid of the first biker .	how many men dressed in black jackets come to the aid of the first biker ?	three
9529	Three men dressed in black jackets come to the aid of the first biker .	what is the color of the jackets ?	black
9530	A woman attempts to remove her coffee from a glove compartment , but it wo n't budge .	who attempts to remove her coffee from a glove compartment , but it wo n't budge ?	woman
9533	A man is seen grabbing a puck and curling along the ice in front of others .	who is seen grabbing the puck and curling along the ice in front of others ?	man
9534	The people push the puck down the ice and celebrate with one another .	who do the people push down the ice ?	puck
9538	Each man does a set of multiple jumps in a continuous line .	who does the set of multiple jumps in a continuous line ?	man
9540	A woman is seen walking into frame and nodding at the camera that leads into her pouring mouthwash out and into her mouth .	who is seen walking into frame and nodding at the camera that leads into her pouring mouthwash out and into her mouth ?	woman
9542	A young man stands on the start line of a swimming pool .	who stands on the start line of a swimming pool ?	man
9543	Then , the young man gets in the water and swims to the other side of the pull .	then , who gets in the water and swims to the other side of the pull ?	man
9544	After , the young man gets off the pool .	who does after , get off the pool ?	man
9544	After , the young man gets off the pool .	what does after , the young man get off ?	pool
9545	There is a facility open just for beer pong games so people can come play .	what is there open just for beer pong games so people can come play ?	facility
9549	A group of women are gathered in an indoor gym .	where are the group of women gathered . ?	gym
9553	A woman is cutting the top off of a pumpkin and raking the seeds into a bowl .	who is cutting the top off of a pumpkin and raking the seeds into a bowl ?	woman
9553	A woman is cutting the top off of a pumpkin and raking the seeds into a bowl .	what is the woman cutting the top off of a pumpkin and raking into a bowl ?	seeds
9556	Finally she places the top back in place , and puts a candle inside .	what does finally she put inside ?	candle
9559	A closeup back to Michele Obama 's face where she looks like she is getting quite the workout , making a smirk on her face .	what back to michele obama 's face where she looks like she is getting quite the workout , making a smirk on her face ?	closeup
9560	The camera angles down to just the two women 's hips with the hula hoops as in the beginning and back up to mostly just seeing Michele 's face .	what down to just the two women 's hips with the hula hoops as in the beginning and back up to mostly just seeing michele 's face ?	angles
9567	The man then solves a rubix cube blind folded while a timer captures his score .	who then solves the rubix cube blind folded while a timer captures his score ?	man
9568	He finishes the cube and takes off the headpiece in the end .	what does he finish ?	cube
9569	A woman is seen riding on a piece of exercise equipment followed by several shots of her adjusting the equipment and moving it around .	who is seen riding on the piece of exercise equipment followed by several shots of her adjusting the equipment and moving it around ?	woman
9571	Two young guys stand together and hold up money .	who stand together and hold up money ?	guys
9571	Two young guys stand together and hold up money .	what do two young guys hold up ?	money
9571	Two young guys stand together and hold up money .	how many young guys stand together and hold up money ?	two
9572	The young guys talk to a homeless man and shake his hand .	who talk to the homeless man and shake his hand ?	guys
9576	The man wins and both contestants are given prize money .	who wins and both contestants are given prize money ?	man
9576	The man wins and both contestants are given prize money .	who does the man win and are given prize money ?	contestants
9576	The man wins and both contestants are given prize money .	what does the man win and both contestants are given ?	money
9577	A dancer 's feet are shown in a classroom as well as a ballet class occurring in the background .	who feet are shown in a classroom as well as a ballet class occurring in the background ?	dancer
9578	The teacher instructs the girls how to perform proper ballet moves , as the students follow .	who instructs the girls how to perform proper ballet moves , as the students follow ?	teacher
9578	The teacher instructs the girls how to perform proper ballet moves , as the students follow .	who does the teacher instruct , ?	girls
9579	The girls move their arms in the correct position and eventually turn to one side .	who move their arms in the correct position and eventually turn to one side ?	girls
9580	Finally the instructor teaches the girls to extend their legs and perform a proper move .	who does finally teach the girls to extend their legs and perform a proper move ?	instructor
9581	Two men are on a padded surface , fighting .	how many men are on the padded surface , fighting ?	two
9584	A man is shown bullfighting in front of a crowd .	who is shown bullfighting in front of a crowd ?	man
9585	The man falls and is run over by the bull .	who falls and is run over by the bull ?	man
9586	The man is escorted out of the arena .	who is escorted out of the arena ?	man
9587	The man falling over and being run over is replayed .	who falling over and being run over is replayed ?	man
9588	Two people are shown reacting to the incident .	how many people are shown reacting to the incident ?	two
9591	A woman talks about playing pool .	who talks about playing pool ?	woman
9593	A guy runs and jumps over a pole without touching it and lands on mats , as some people in the back ground watch and others do there practices .	who runs and jumps over the pole without touching it and lands on mats , as some people in the back ground watch and others do there practices ?	guy
9595	the guy knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps .	who knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps ?	guy
9595	the guy knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps .	what do the guy knock down six time out of all his jumps ?	pole
9596	Players are pulling the rope in a tug of war match .	what are players pulling in a tug of war match ?	rope
9597	A man squats on the floor and rises .	who squats on the floor and rises ?	man
9598	Guys pulling the left side of the rope falls to the ground .	who are pulling the left side of the rope falls to the ground ?	guys
9599	The guys let go of the rope , get off the lawn , and hug in celebration .	who let go of the rope , get off the lawn , and hug in celebration ?	guys
9601	A group of men in swim trunks and bikini briefs play volleyball in the sand at the beach in front of a tall green volley ball net .	what is the color of the net ?	green
9603	One man is lying on the sand and then gets up to play more volleyball .	who is lying on the sand and then gets up to play more volleyball ?	man
9603	One man is lying on the sand and then gets up to play more volleyball .	how many man is lying on the sand and then gets up to play more volleyball ?	one
9604	A man is seen hosting a news segment that leads into a player standing on a field .	who is seen hosting the news segment that leads into a player standing on a field ?	man
9606	The sport continues on with people throwing balls an hitting them as well as teammates cheering and the host finishes speaking .	who does the sport continue on with people throwing balls an hitting them as well as teammates cheering and finishes speaking ?	host
9608	Another woman appears and they wrap the ball in wrapping paper .	who appears and they wrap the ball in wrapping paper ?	woman
9608	Another woman appears and they wrap the ball in wrapping paper .	what does another woman appear and they wrap in wrapping paper ?	ball
9611	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while people use exercise equipment around her .	who is seen speaking to the camera while people use exercise equipment around her ?	woman
9613	A construction man introduces the video and talks about placing shingles on a roof .	who does construction introduce the video and talks about placing shingles on a roof ?	man
9618	The man then begins jump roping over and over again .	who then begins jump roping over and over again ?	man
9620	A still shot picture of a man appears while a lot of white words go scrolling from the bottom to the top .	what is the color of the words ?	white
9621	A screen quickly appears and it has white text that say `` please subscribe to this youtube channel '' .	what quickly appears and it has white text that say `` please subscribe to this youtube channel '' ?	screen
9621	A screen quickly appears and it has white text that say `` please subscribe to this youtube channel '' .	what is the color of the text ?	white
9622	A working man carried a tray of coffee to a table with guest .	who carried the tray of coffee to a table with guest ?	man
9623	Another man is talking to some reporters with the microphone .	who is talking to some reporters with the microphone ?	man
9624	Another entrepreneur talks with the the reporters about the coffee business .	who talks with the the reporters about the coffee business ?	entrepreneur
9627	The three bumper cars break away and begin to drive in different directions as they continue to bump into one another .	what break away and begin to drive in different directions as they continue to bump into one another ?	cars
9627	The three bumper cars break away and begin to drive in different directions as they continue to bump into one another .	how many bumper cars break away and begin to drive in different directions as they continue to bump into one another ?	three
9628	Two girls in a bumper car bump into a wall and briefliy have a hard time getting back to moving .	how many girls in a bumper car bump into a wall and briefliy have a hard time getting back to moving ?	two
9629	People are constantly driving their bumper cars and bumping into things until the ride is over .	what are people constantly driving and bumping into things until the ride is over ?	cars
9630	There 's a man wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa .	who does there 's wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa ?	man
9630	There 's a man wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa .	there 's a man wearing what and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa ?	shirt
9630	There 's a man wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa .	what does there 's a man wearing a black shirt and demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa ?	bandana
9630	There 's a man wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa .	what does there 's a man wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint ?	sofa
9630	There 's a man wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
9630	There 's a man wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa .	what is the color of the bandana ?	green
9631	He is using a red can of spray paint to demonstrate how to paints a cream colored sofa with red paint .	what is the color of the can ?	red
9631	He is using a red can of spray paint to demonstrate how to paints a cream colored sofa with red paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	red
9633	He then places one unpainted of the seat cushions back on the sofa .	how many unpainted does he then place of the seat cushions back on the sofa ?	one
9635	Dogs are seen being scrubbed , nails clipped , and brushed down with combs by several people and another woman showing off the collars they have in store .	what are seen being scrubbed , nails clipped , and brushed down with combs by several people and another woman showing off the collars they have in store ?	dogs
9637	A bike is pulled up to a stop in a park .	what is pulled up to the stop in a park ?	bicycle
9640	A man replaces a tire on his bike rim using tools .	who replaces the tire on his bike rim using tools ?	man
9641	The man reattaches the bicycle wheel to the frame of the bike .	who reattaches the bicycle wheel to the frame of the bike ?	man
9641	The man reattaches the bicycle wheel to the frame of the bike .	what does the man reattaches to the frame of the bike ?	wheel
9642	The sun goes down as the day gets later .	what goes down as the day gets later ?	sun
9643	The man stands up his bike and gets ready to depart .	who stands up his bike and gets ready to depart ?	man
9643	The man stands up his bike and gets ready to depart .	what does the man stand up ?	bicycle
9645	Then , a man explains how to operate a leaf blow machine while men continue blowing the leaves .	who does then , explain how to operate the leaf blow machine while men continue blowing the leaves ?	man
9646	Another man explains while other men vacuum and blows leaves .	who explains while other men vacuum and blows leaves ?	man
9648	We see a man playing basketball .	who do we see playing ?	basketball
9650	We see a gym with teenagers shooting basketball .	what do we see with teenagers shooting basketball ?	gym
9651	We see a title card on black .	what is the color of the card ?	black
9652	A man is shooting basketball in a gym .	who is shooting basketball in a gym ?	man
9652	A man is shooting basketball in a gym .	where is the man shooting basketball . ?	gym
9654	We see the ending title card on black .	what is the color of the card ?	black
9655	Two people are seen riding down a road with a dog .	how many people are seen riding down the road with a dog ?	two
9656	One person is riding a bike and the other a skateboard while the camera follows close behind .	how many person is riding the bike and the other a skateboard while the camera follows close behind ?	one
9657	Several other dogs run by and the people continue riding down the road path .	what run by and the people continue riding down the road path ?	dogs
9658	man is holding a pole with an ice cream and giving it to a little child .	who is holding the pole with an ice cream and giving it to a little child ?	man
9658	man is holding a pole with an ice cream and giving it to a little child .	what is man holding with an ice cream and giving it to a little child ?	pole
9660	A man is surfing in rough ocean water , riding on and against , massive high waves while onlookers on motorboats watch and commentate .	who is surfing in rough ocean water , riding on and against , massive high waves while onlookers on motorboats watch and commentate ?	man
9661	The man rides the rough waves on the surfboard with the waves at time covering his entire body and surfboard .	who rides the rough waves on the surfboard with the waves at time covering his entire body and surfboard ?	man
9662	The man hugs and shakes hands with people upon completing the rough surf episode and rides one last lone , high wave before fading to black .	who hugs and shakes hands with people upon completing the rough surf episode and rides one last lone , high wave before fading to black ?	man
9662	The man hugs and shakes hands with people upon completing the rough surf episode and rides one last lone , high wave before fading to black .	what is the color of the wave ?	black
9663	A man performs a kettle throw in front of an outdoor stadium filled with spectators in the audience .	who performs the kettle throw in front of an outdoor stadium filled with spectators in the audience ?	man
9664	A man on a round dirt area on a field swings a ball around and around while standing in place .	what does the man on a round dirt area on a field swing around and around while standing in place ?	ball
9665	The man lets the ball go , where it flies in the air ahead of him .	who lets the ball go , where it flies in the air ahead of him ?	man
9666	The man stops and bends with his knees as he watches the ball fly in the air .	who stops and bends with his knees as he watches the ball fly in the air ?	man
9667	A man guides a camel with kids riding on the back along a beach shoreline .	who guides the camel with kids riding on the back along a beach shoreline ?	man
9667	A man guides a camel with kids riding on the back along a beach shoreline .	what does the man guide with kids riding on the back along a beach shoreline ?	camel
9668	Beach goers stand and walk along the shoreline in bathing suits .	who stand and walk along the shoreline in bathing suits ?	goers
9669	A teen explains how to flip and turn a surfboard with the feet .	who explains how to flip and turn the surfboard with the feet ?	teen
9670	Then , the teen shows how to rise the tips of the surfboard .	who does then , show how to rise the tips of the surfboard ?	teen
9671	Then , the teen stands on the surfboard and demonstrates how to turn it to the side .	then , who stands on the surfboard and demonstrates how to turn it to the side ?	teen
9672	After , the teen puts his hand in shoes on the surfboard and demonstrates a turn .	after , who puts his hand in shoes on the surfboard and demonstrates a turn ?	teen
9673	Next , the teen make the turn with his feet .	who do next , make the turn with his feet ?	teen
9675	A guy rinses his face with water from the body of water .	who rinses his face with water from the body of water ?	guy
9676	The guy runs his water fingers through this hair .	who runs his water fingers through this hair ?	guy
9678	A guy stands in a court holding a colorful stick and touches a pinata .	who stands in the court holding a colorful stick and touches a pinata ?	guy
9679	A guy swings a stick at a pinata .	who swings the stick at a pinata ?	guy
9680	The guy stops and puts the stick besides him .	who stops and puts the stick besides him ?	guy
9681	A man is seated in front of a small canvas .	who is seated in front of a small canvas ?	man
9684	A man pours coffee into a mug .	who pours coffee into a mug ?	man
9684	A man pours coffee into a mug .	what does the man pour into a mug ?	coffee
9685	The man grabs open a beer bottle with the use of a jug .	who grabs open the beer bottle with the use of a jug ?	man
9685	The man grabs open a beer bottle with the use of a jug .	what does the man grab open with the use of a jug ?	bottle
9686	The man pours the beer into the mug .	who pours the beer into the mug ?	man
9686	The man pours the beer into the mug .	what does the man pour into the mug ?	beer
9687	The man drinks the drink .	who drinks the drink ?	man
9687	The man drinks the drink .	what does the man drink ?	drink
9688	We see a man talking to a camera then hold a curling stone then people laughing at the man .	who do we see talking to a camera then hold a curling stone then people laughing at the man ?	man
9689	The man throws the curling stone as people sweep brooms in front of the stone .	who throws the curling stone as people sweep brooms in front of the stone ?	man
9690	Three ladies throw the stone and slides down the track .	who throw the stone and slides down the track ?	ladies
9690	Three ladies throw the stone and slides down the track .	what do three ladies throw ?	stone
9690	Three ladies throw the stone and slides down the track .	how many ladies throw the stone and slides down the track ?	three
9694	Two people are sword fighting on a stage for an audience .	how many people are sword fighting on the stage for an audience ?	two
9695	A guy gestures the the result of each match .	who gestures the the result of each match ?	guy
9697	A man is sitting behind a laptop .	who is sitting behind the laptop ?	man
9700	Ships are shown in the water .	what are shown in the water ?	ships
9702	A man in a yellow shirt is riding on a boat .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
9705	A man is seen talking to the camera and leads into a shot of a person wind surfing and waving to the camera .	who is seen talking to the camera and leads into a shot of a person wind surfing and waving to the camera ?	man
9707	Two people are seen standing in front of a large crowd with one cheering and shoving his arms back and fourth .	how many people are seen standing in front of a large crowd with one cheering and shoving his arms back and fourth ?	two
9708	The men throw the ball back and fourth and switch places with another , ending with the same man cheering and hugging another .	what do the men throw back ?	ball
9714	Men kneels down and hits the croquet ball like a billiard shot .	what does men hit like a billiard shot ?	ball
9715	The man runs holding up his stick celebrating .	who runs holding up his stick celebrating ?	man
9716	A man skips on the grass holding his stick smiling .	who skips on the grass holding his stick smiling ?	man
9717	A mother and child in swim suits build sand castles on the beach .	what do the mother and child in swim suits build on the beach ?	castles
9718	The child destroys the sand castles .	who destroys the sand castles ?	child
9718	The child destroys the sand castles .	what does the child destroy ?	castles
9719	The mother throws the plastic mold frustrated .	who throws the plastic mold frustrated ?	mother
9719	The mother throws the plastic mold frustrated .	what does the mother throw frustrated ?	mold
9720	Two women are playing badminton on a stage .	who are playing badminton on a stage ?	women
9720	Two women are playing badminton on a stage .	how many women are playing badminton on a stage ?	two
9722	A woman wins and walks on the stage to give the host a hug .	who wins and walks on the stage to give the host a hug ?	woman
9723	Two girls are standing on a grass field .	who are standing on the grass field ?	girls
9723	Two girls are standing on a grass field .	how many girls are standing on the grass field ?	two
9725	The other girl stands next to her talking .	who stands next to her talking ?	girl
9726	A man is practicing throwing darts at his dart board .	who is practicing throwing darts at his dart board ?	man
9730	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a scraper .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a scraper ?	man
9733	A boy is twirled around and prepared to break a pinata .	who is twirled around and prepared to break the pinata ?	boy
9735	A man skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope .	who skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope ?	man
9735	A man skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope .	what do the man skip in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope ?	rope
9735	A man skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope .	who do the man skip rope in a drive way , then jumps and skip rope ?	man
9735	A man skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip rope .	what do the man skip rope in a drive way , then the man jumps and skip ?	rope
9736	After , the man holds the rope on his left hand and skip while turning the rope .	after , who holds the rope on his left hand and skip while turning the rope ?	man
9736	After , the man holds the rope on his left hand and skip while turning the rope .	what does after , the man hold on his left hand ?	rope
9737	Next , the man alternate skipping rope and flip the rope side to side on front .	who does next , alternate skipping rope and flip the rope side to side on front ?	man
9738	Also , the man jump rope criss cross and jumps rope double .	who do also , jump rope criss cross and jumps rope double ?	man
9739	Then the man jumps rope doing squatting jumps and jump lunges .	who does then jump rope doing squatting jumps and jump lunges ?	man
9739	Then the man jumps rope doing squatting jumps and jump lunges .	what does then the man jump doing squatting jumps and jump lunges ?	rope
9740	An older shirtless man wearing black shorts begins to walk on the same board of the male who previously jumped but then stops .	who is wearing black shorts begins to walk on the same board of the male who previously jumped but then stops ?	man
9740	An older shirtless man wearing black shorts begins to walk on the same board of the male who previously jumped but then stops .	an older shirtless man wearing what begins to walk on the same board of the male who previously jumped but then stops ?	shorts
9740	An older shirtless man wearing black shorts begins to walk on the same board of the male who previously jumped but then stops .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
9745	A man in a white shirt hits the tennis ball .	what does the man in a white shirt hit ?	ball
9745	A man in a white shirt hits the tennis ball .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
9746	A little boy runs across a hopscotch on the ground .	who runs across the hopscotch on the ground ?	boy
9749	A man gets ready to to preform an event .	who gets ready to to preform an event ?	man
9756	cars are driving in a snowy highway .	what are driving in the snowy highway ?	cars
9756	cars are driving in a snowy highway .	where are cars driving . ?	highway
9759	snowy cars are riding in snowy hill .	what are riding in snowy hill ?	cars
9761	A young child is seen sitting in a chair in front of a table with a large body .	who is seen sitting in the chair in front of a table with a large body ?	child
9763	A man pushes a disc in front of a hopscotch game .	who pushes the disc in front of a hopscotch game ?	man
9765	The first man makes a funny face .	who makes the funny face ?	man
9766	A lone man in a room with a green screen backdrop performs a break dancing move on a patch of hardwood floors , using his back to spin .	what is the color of the backdrop ?	green
9767	The man continues to demonstrate break dance moves and talk to the camera until he gives a peace sign to the camera and the screen fades to a marketing graphic .	who continues to demonstrate break dance moves and talk to the camera until he gives a peace sign to the camera and the screen fades to a marketing graphic ?	man
9767	The man continues to demonstrate break dance moves and talk to the camera until he gives a peace sign to the camera and the screen fades to a marketing graphic .	what does the man continue and fades to a marketing graphic ?	screen
9768	The view blurs and white words on the screen appear in the middle and say `` Killeen Daily Herald By Marianne Gish '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
9770	The woman give a small child knit wear and demonstrate how they properly knit to the young girl .	who give the small child knit wear and demonstrate how they properly knit to the young girl ?	woman
9771	An athletic man is seen standing in a circle followed by spinning around and throwing an object off into the distance .	who is seen standing in the circle followed by spinning around and throwing an object off into the distance ?	man
9774	A man is seen putting tape on a set of skis on each end and begins rubbing wax on the ski .	who is seen putting tape on a set of skis on each end and begins rubbing wax on the ski ?	man
9775	The man then takes a sander and runs it all along the length of the ski .	who then takes the sander and runs it all along the length of the ski ?	man
9776	The man then takes a board and rubs it along the ski and ends by taking it off .	who then takes the board and rubs it along the ski and ends by taking it off ?	man
9777	A large beach is shown as well as people standing around on the beach and looking at the sky .	what is shown as well as people standing around on the beach and looking at the sky ?	beach
9780	A man in a black wet suit and carrying a surfboard is talking to the camera man , about to get in the water .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
9782	The video ends as the man in the black wet suit comes on shore after riding a wave and smiling .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
9783	A man walks into frame and speaks to the camera while holding a razor and razor heads in his hands .	who walks into frame and speaks to the camera while holding a razor and razor heads in his hands ?	man
9787	A woman is now standing at a machine and she is grabbing various metal objects and putting them into a machine that welds them together .	who is now standing at the machine and she is grabbing various metal objects and putting them into a machine that welds them together ?	woman
9788	The outro appears and it 's a white screen with a red and blue logo , website and hashtag information .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
9792	A bull gets drug out of the arena by horses .	what gets drug out of the arena by horses ?	bull
9792	A bull gets drug out of the arena by horses .	what does the bull get out of the arena by horses ?	drug
9793	A woman is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	woman
9794	A man raps along with a song .	who raps along with the song ?	man
9795	The guy gets a tattoo as well .	who gets the tattoo as well ?	guy
9796	A woman is in a room with chairs .	who is in the room with chairs ?	woman
9797	She is playing the violin .	what is she playing ?	violin
9798	Two men are playing drums with her .	what are two men playing with her ?	drums
9798	Two men are playing drums with her .	how many men are playing drums with her ?	two
9799	The camera pans between them .	what pans between them ?	camera
9800	A man is throwing darts on to a dart board .	who is throwing darts on to a dart board ?	man
9804	Two men sit together at a booth and compete in an arm wrestling match .	how many men sit together at the booth and compete in an arm wrestling match ?	two
9805	The friends gathered around watching make challenges with the arm wrestlers after the match .	who gathered around watching make challenges with the arm wrestlers after the match ?	friends
9807	A gymnast is standing at a pose waiting to begin her performance .	who is standing at the pose waiting to begin her performance ?	gymnast
9809	She begins to do one handed cartwheels and swinging the baton around her neck .	how many handed cartwheels does she begin to do and swinging the baton around her neck ?	one
9811	We see two ladies arm wrestling .	how many ladies arm wrestling do we see ?	two
9812	The right lady looks at the camera .	who looks at the camera ?	lady
9813	The right lady wins the match .	who wins the match ?	lady
9814	The left lady drops her head to the table .	who drops her head to the table ?	lady
9815	The right lady throws her arms in the air and talks to the camera .	who throws her arms in the air and talks to the camera ?	lady
9816	A man chops wood with an ax on the snow .	who chops wood with an ax on the snow ?	man
9819	The man continues chopping firewood with the ax .	who continues chopping firewood with the ax ?	man
9820	The ax gets stack in a piece of wood , but the man get it off and continues cutting the firewood .	what gets stack in the piece of wood , but the man get it off and continues cutting the firewood ?	ax
9820	The ax gets stack in a piece of wood , but the man get it off and continues cutting the firewood .	who does the ax get stack in a piece of wood , but get it off and continues cutting the firewood ?	man
9821	An elderly white woman with short blonde hair and glasses begins talking in the corner of the gymnasium .	what is the color of the woman ?	white
9822	The small girls then enter the gym and a male coach begins assisting them as they walk across the balance beam .	who then enter the gym and a male coach begins assisting them as they walk across the balance beam ?	girls
9825	The cameraman grabs another tube an jumps in the water while still floating down and catching a popped balloon .	who grabs another tube an jumps in the water while still floating down and catching a popped balloon ?	cameraman
9828	The athletes then begin walking around and talking to each other as a small mascot walks across the mat .	who then begin walking around and talking to each other as a small mascot walks across the mat ?	athletes
9830	The camera then speeds up and shows several teams and people entering and leaving the gym .	what then speeds up and shows several teams and people entering and leaving the gym ?	camera
9831	A black screen appears with blue letters that say `` Jayne Clarke Field Hockey Clips 2009 '' .	what appears with blue letters that say `` jayne clarke field hockey clips 2009 '' ?	screen
9831	A black screen appears with blue letters that say `` Jayne Clarke Field Hockey Clips 2009 '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
9831	A black screen appears with blue letters that say `` Jayne Clarke Field Hockey Clips 2009 '' .	what is the color of the letters ?	blue
9832	The clips begin to play and there are a series of small clips put together of the girl playing with a team , practicing alone , and practicing on a course .	what begin to play and there are a series of small clips put together of the girl playing with a team , practicing alone , and practicing on a course ?	clips
9833	The video ends with the girl practicing alone on a empty and large blue indoor court .	what is the color of the court ?	blue
9835	We see two men hug after the match .	how many men do we see hug after the match ?	two
9836	A host in a white suit narrates .	what is the color of the suit ?	white
9841	A woman is seen sitting on stage while singing into a microphone and people sitting behind her playing instruments .	who is seen sitting on stage while singing into a microphone and people sitting behind her playing instruments ?	woman
9842	The girl continues singing with the band and ending by speaking to the audience .	who continues singing with the band and ending by speaking to the audience ?	girl
9847	A man is standing by a fountain of water .	who is standing by the fountain of water ?	man
9849	A man talks to the camera in a close up view .	who talks to the camera in a close up view ?	man
9854	Three men are seen riding on top of horses around one another and leads into a bull running in and chasing a man on a horse .	how many men are seen riding on top of horses around one another and leads into a bull running in and chasing a man on a horse ?	three
9855	The man rides around the bull and shows several more shots of the riders riding around the bull .	who rides around the bull and shows several more shots of the riders riding around the bull ?	man
9855	The man rides around the bull and shows several more shots of the riders riding around the bull .	what did the man rid around ?	bull
9856	At one point more men run into the pit and the bull lays down on it 's side while the audience cheers and the man holds his arms up .	what do at one point more men run into the pit and lays down on it 's side while the audience cheers and the man holds his arms up ?	bull
9858	A girl runs up and kicks at the boy .	who runs up and kicks at the boy ?	girl
9860	The kids continue playing until the clip ends .	who continue playing until the clip ends ?	kids
9863	These 3 men are shown rollerblading outdoors in the middle of the street .	how many men are shown rollerblading outdoors in the middle of the street ?	three
9867	One rider is shown riding around while another does various tricks .	how many rider is shown riding around while another does various tricks ?	one
9869	A man is shown holding a volleyball talking to the camera and leads into showing various jumps .	who is shown holding the volleyball talking to the camera and leads into showing various jumps ?	man
9871	The men on the field grab their tools .	what do the men on the field grab ?	tools
9873	The left man uses a sickle and takes the lead over the man with the weed wacker .	who uses the sickle and takes the lead over the man with the weed wacker ?	man
9873	The left man uses a sickle and takes the lead over the man with the weed wacker .	what does the left man use ?	sickle
9877	The camera pans right to show the other man working on the grass .	what pans right to show the other man working on the grass ?	camera
9878	A boy is standing on a court holding a racquet in his right hand , a ball comes his way and he hits it very hard .	who is standing on the court holding a racquet in his right hand , a ball comes his way and he hits it very hard ?	boy
9878	A boy is standing on a court holding a racquet in his right hand , a ball comes his way and he hits it very hard .	what is the boy standing on a court holding a racquet in his right hand , comes his way and he hits it very hard ?	ball
9879	A chef is seen standing behind a counter speaking to the camera .	who is seen standing behind the counter speaking to the camera ?	chef
9880	The man is then seen holding up several tools and presenting them to the camera .	who is then seen holding up several tools and presenting them to the camera ?	man
9881	The man then uses the tool in a bowl of salad and presents it to the camera .	who then uses the tool in a bowl of salad and presents it to the camera ?	man
9881	The man then uses the tool in a bowl of salad and presents it to the camera .	what does the man then use in a bowl of salad ?	tool
9882	A little girl is sitting at a drum set with headphones on .	who is sitting at the drum set with headphones on ?	girl
9887	The a dent fixing mechanism is attached to the cars to show how it works to repair one wheel .	how many wheel is the a dent fixing mechanism attached to the cars to show how it works to repair ?	one
9888	Then it shows another wheel being repaired by the same mechanism .	what does then it show being repaired by the same mechanism ?	wheel
9890	A man walks onto a diving board .	who walks onto the diving board ?	man
9892	The man surfaces and stands up in the pool .	who surfaces and stands up in the pool ?	man
9892	The man surfaces and stands up in the pool .	where does the man stand up . ?	pool
9893	Two young girls stand in front of a fireplace holding violins .	who stand in front of a fireplace holding violins ?	girls
9893	Two young girls stand in front of a fireplace holding violins .	how many young girls stand in front of a fireplace holding violins ?	two
9894	The girls begin playing a piece of music on the violins and then bow at the end .	who begin playing the piece of music on the violins and then bow at the end ?	girls
9895	Two younger children appear outdoors with a website address overlaid .	who appear outdoors with a website address overlaid ?	children
9895	Two younger children appear outdoors with a website address overlaid .	how many younger children appear outdoors with a website address overlaid ?	two
9896	Two men are posing in a photo for martial arts .	how many men are posing in the photo for martial arts ?	two
9903	A man is talking to a camera about his hair .	who is talking to the camera about his hair ?	man
9904	Another man comes in and begins cutting the first boy 's fair .	who comes in and begins cutting the first boy 's fair ?	man
9906	The stylist performs various styles and techniques on the hair .	who performs various styles and techniques on the hair ?	stylist
9907	The stylist puts gel in the hair and the boy is finished with his cut .	who puts gel in the hair and the boy is finished with his cut ?	stylist
9907	The stylist puts gel in the hair and the boy is finished with his cut .	who does the stylist put gel in the hair and is finished with his cut ?	boy
9909	A second man walks up and shakes the first mans hand .	who walks up and shakes the first mans hand ?	man
9909	A second man walks up and shakes the first mans hand .	who does the second man shake ?	hand
9910	Both men acknowledge the building and discuss .	what do both men acknowledge ?	building
9911	Three men are spackling the wall as two comparisons are shown .	what are three men spackling ?	wall
9911	Three men are spackling the wall as two comparisons are shown .	how many men are spackling the wall as two comparisons are shown ?	three
9912	The two men inspect the wall .	what do the two men inspect ?	wall
9912	The two men inspect the wall .	how many men inspect the wall ?	two
9913	Another man walks up and is introduced to the other man .	who walks up and is introduced to the other man ?	man
9914	The man walks away as the first two continue talking .	who walks away as the first two continue talking ?	man
9920	The harmonica is held up and shown .	what is held up and shown ?	harmonica
9922	The person finishes the song and holds up the harmonica .	what does the person hold up ?	harmonica
9924	Then three friends join him and they skate down the road .	who do then join him and they skate down the road ?	friends
9924	Then three friends join him and they skate down the road .	how many friends do then join him and they skate down the road ?	three
9928	Water is salted and boiled for the pasta , and vegetables are sauteed in olive oil .	what is water salted and boiled for the pasta , and are sauteed in olive oil ?	vegetables
9929	Sardines are added , then mixed with the spaghetti noodles , creating a finished dish .	what are added , then mixed with the spaghetti noodles , creating a finished dish ?	sardines
9933	The man wearing gray sweater is playing guitar .	who is wearing gray sweater is playing guitar ?	man
9933	The man wearing gray sweater is playing guitar .	the man wearing what is playing guitar ?	sweater
9933	The man wearing gray sweater is playing guitar .	what is the man wearing gray sweater is playing ?	guitar
9933	The man wearing gray sweater is playing guitar .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
9934	The man looked on the guitar .	who looked on the guitar ?	man
9935	The man in blue shirt play his guitar , then poke the threads .	what do the man in blue shirt play ?	guitar
9935	The man in blue shirt play his guitar , then poke the threads .	what do the man in blue shirt poke ?	threads
9935	The man in blue shirt play his guitar , then poke the threads .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
9936	A woman stands next to a horse in a field .	who stands next to the horse in a field ?	woman
9938	A woman stands in a stall with a horse with a grooming brush , she starts brushing it .	who stands in the stall with a horse with a grooming brush , she starts brushing it ?	woman
9939	Two girls stand outdoors with another horse and brush it .	who stand outdoors with another horse and brush it ?	girls
9939	Two girls stand outdoors with another horse and brush it .	how many girls stand outdoors with another horse and brush it ?	two
9940	The first woman returns with a new brush and allows children to help brush the horse .	who returns with the new brush and allows children to help brush the horse ?	woman
9941	Performers sings and dancers on a concert stage .	who sings and dancers on the concert stage ?	performers
9942	A performer climbs down the stairs .	who climbs down the stairs ?	performer
9944	A performer break dances on stage .	who break dances on stage ?	performer
9945	The break dancer lays on the stage floor .	who lays on the stage floor ?	dancer
9946	A performer raises the standing break dancer 's hand in the air .	who raises the standing break dancer 's hand in the air ?	performer
9947	The break dancer gives a performer five .	who gives the performer five ?	dancer
9948	A performer squats and gestures .	who squats and gestures ?	performer
9949	A man jumps off of a bridge and bungee jumps .	who jumps off of the bridge and bungee jumps ?	man
9952	A man in a chefs outfit is standing in a kitchen .	where is the man in a chefs outfit standing . ?	kitchen
9953	He flips something that is in a pan .	does he flip something is where . ?	pan
9954	He uses a spoon to stir what is in the pan .	what does he use ?	spoon
9956	And man comes on to talk about the lessons that he will be teaching in the video .	who does and come on to talk about the lessons that he will be teaching in the video ?	man
9958	Another man comes onto the screen and performs the several tennis wings while the other man narrates .	who comes onto the screen and performs the several tennis wings while the other man narrates ?	man
9960	A woman is seen kicking a ball out into a field of people and then running back to the home plate .	who is seen kicking the ball out into a field of people and then running back to the home plate ?	woman
9961	She then kicks the ball again while others around her run and grab the ball from the field .	she then kicks what again while others around her run ?	ball
9961	She then kicks the ball again while others around her run and grab the ball from the field .	what do she grab from the field ?	ball
9963	A male gymnast runs , flipping back and forth across a mat .	who runs , flipping back and forth across the mat ?	gymnast
9965	Two people are wrestling in a ring .	how many people are wrestling in the ring ?	two
9966	A referee is standing on the side of the ring watching them .	who is standing on the side of the ring watching them ?	referee
9974	A man stands by a row of hedges .	who stands by the row of hedges ?	man
9978	A little chinese boy sits in a room on the floor with books and toys around him while he looks into the camera .	who sits in the room on the floor with books and toys around him while he looks into the camera ?	boy
9979	the little chinese boy then goes outside and start playing in a park , having fun by his self while the camera man record him .	who then goes outside and start playing in a park , having fun by his self while the camera man record him ?	boy
9980	the boy little slides down the slide , climb steps while smiling and having fun .	who little slides down the slide , climb steps while smiling and having fun ?	boy
9982	A man then speakers to various kids on a court and shows more shots of the kids jumping rope together .	who then speakers to various kids on a court and shows more shots of the kids jumping rope together ?	man
9983	The man then jumps rope while more kids perform tricks with their jump ropes and ends with the man speaking to one more jumper .	who then jumps rope while more kids perform tricks with their jump ropes and ends with the man speaking to one more jumper ?	man
9983	The man then jumps rope while more kids perform tricks with their jump ropes and ends with the man speaking to one more jumper .	what does the man then jump ?	rope
9984	Cars are being washed at a car wash .	what are being washed at the car wash ?	cars
9985	A man in a red shirt talks to a man in a black shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
9985	A man in a red shirt talks to a man in a black shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
9986	The car is going through an automatic car wash .	what is going through an automatic car wash ?	car
9987	Someone is now scrubbing a car to wash it .	what is someone now scrubbing ?	car
9988	They walk into a garage and inspect the cars .	what do they inspect ?	cars
9989	Four men in the studio are playing different instrument .	what are four men in the studio playing ?	instrument
9989	Four men in the studio are playing different instrument .	how many men in the studio are playing different instrument ?	four
9989	Four men in the studio are playing different instrument .	where are four men playing different instrument . ?	studio
9991	The man playing harmonica stopped playing and looked at the man singing , then he continue to play his harmonica .	what stopped playing and looked at the man singing , then he continue to play his harmonica ?	harmonica
9992	Two men behind the four men are playing instruments .	what are two men behind the four men playing ?	instruments
9992	Two men behind the four men are playing instruments .	how many men behind the four men are playing instruments ?	two
9993	The man with guitar pull out a white cloth and wave it .	what do the man with guitar pull out ?	cloth
9993	The man with guitar pull out a white cloth and wave it .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
9994	A young girl is standing in a room with a grey sweater , black tights , and pink shoes .	who is standing in the room with a grey sweater , black tights , and pink shoes ?	girl
9994	A young girl is standing in a room with a grey sweater , black tights , and pink shoes .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
9994	A young girl is standing in a room with a grey sweater , black tights , and pink shoes .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
9995	In her hand she has a croquet stick and is fiddling with the small ball .	what does in her hand she have ?	stick
10000	A guy puts cream from a blue tube in his palm and applies it to his chin .	who puts cream from a blue tube in his palm and applies it to his chin ?	guy
10000	A guy puts cream from a blue tube in his palm and applies it to his chin .	what is the color of the tube ?	blue
10001	A guy puts gel from a blue tube in his palm and applies it to his chin .	who puts gel from a blue tube in his palm and applies it to his chin ?	guy
10001	A guy puts gel from a blue tube in his palm and applies it to his chin .	what is the color of the tube ?	blue
10002	A guy washes his face .	who washes his face ?	guy
10004	A woman talks to the camera while young girls stand behind her .	who talks to the camera while young girls stand behind her ?	woman
10005	The woman continues to talk to the camera while demonstrating individual dance movements , as the young girls follow along .	who continues to talk to the camera while demonstrating individual dance movements , as the young girls follow along ?	woman
10006	The woman leads the girls in practicing the entire sequence .	who leads the girls in practicing the entire sequence ?	woman
10006	The woman leads the girls in practicing the entire sequence .	who does the woman lead in practicing the entire sequence ?	girls
10007	The girls perform the sequence on their own .	who perform the sequence on their own ?	girls
10009	Again a player wearing red t-shirt scores , and the players jumps and hug to celebrate .	what is the color of the scores ?	red
10010	Then , a player with white t-shirt scores , and the teams continue playing .	what is the color of the scores ?	white
10011	The red team scores again , and people celebrate .	what is the color of the team ?	red
10012	woman is running to make a high jump and start walking and the woman makes the same high jump 3 times .	who is running to make the high jump and start walking and the woman makes the same high jump 3 times ?	woman
10012	woman is running to make a high jump and start walking and the woman makes the same high jump 3 times .	who is woman running and makes the same high jump 3 times ?	woman
10012	woman is running to make a high jump and start walking and the woman makes the same high jump 3 times .	how many times does the woman make the same high jump ?	three
10013	woman loose the hair sits on the floor and untie the shoes .	who loose the hair sits on the floor and untie the shoes ?	woman
10015	A man falls off into the dirt .	who falls off into the dirt ?	man
10016	A man takes his shirt off and throws it on the sand .	who takes his shirt off and throws it on the sand ?	man
10017	A man continues doing tricks on the slack rope .	who continues doing tricks on the slack rope ?	man
10018	Dragon ball z characters are yelling at one another standing in front of each other .	who are yelling at one another standing in front of each other ?	characters
10022	Two women are standing behind a young woman who is sitting in a chair getting her hair done .	who are standing behind the young woman who is sitting in a chair getting her hair done ?	women
10022	Two women are standing behind a young woman who is sitting in a chair getting her hair done .	how many women are standing behind the young woman who is sitting in a chair getting her hair done ?	two
10025	A lady then grabs weave , a needle and begins to sew in the hair .	who then grabs weave , a needle and begins to sew in the hair ?	lady
10026	Once she shows how the sew-in is secured , the finished product is shown and the girl now has long curly hair .	what does once she show how the sew-in is secured , is shown and the girl now has long curly hair ?	product
10026	Once she shows how the sew-in is secured , the finished product is shown and the girl now has long curly hair .	who does once she show how the sew-in is secured , the finished product is shown and now has long curly hair ?	girl
10027	A man is standing and talking inside a gym to the camera .	who is standing and talking inside the gym to the camera ?	man
10030	A person wearing a costume is seen standing and posing inside a canoe and eventually pushes themselves down the river .	the person wearing what is seen standing and posing inside a canoe and eventually pushes themselves down the river ?	costume
10031	The person moves in the canoe slowly and the camera follows him moving along the water in the canoe .	what does the person move in the canoe slowly and follows him moving along the water in the canoe ?	camera
10031	The person moves in the canoe slowly and the camera follows him moving along the water in the canoe .	where does the person move and the camera follows him moving along the water in the canoe . ?	canoe
10032	A gymnast wearing a red and white uniform prepares to mount a pommel horse for his exercise .	who is wearing a red and white uniform prepares to mount a pommel horse for his exercise ?	gymnast
10032	A gymnast wearing a red and white uniform prepares to mount a pommel horse for his exercise .	the gymnast wearing what prepares to mount a pommel horse for his exercise ?	uniform
10033	The gymnast jumps onto the pommel horse and starts with scissor moves .	who jumps onto the pommel horse and starts with scissor moves ?	gymnast
10034	The gymnast moves into a spinning exercise while on the pommel horse .	who moves into the spinning exercise while on the pommel horse ?	gymnast
10036	The gymnast goes from the hand stand to his dismount .	who goes from the hand stand to his dismount ?	gymnast
10037	A man is in the gym in tight he bends over picks up a weight over his head and drops it back down .	who is in the gym in tight he bends over picks up a weight over his head and drops it back down ?	man
10041	A man kicks a Frisbee to a dog .	who kicks the frisbee to a dog ?	man
10042	The dog does various tricks while catching the Frisbee .	what does various tricks while catching the frisbee ?	dog
10043	The dog jumps off the man to catch the toy .	what jumps off the man to catch the toy ?	dog
10043	The dog jumps off the man to catch the toy .	who does the dog jump off ?	man
10044	Several other dogs also do a tricks to catch the toy .	what also do the tricks to catch the toy ?	dogs
10045	A man swings a dog around on a toy .	who swings the dog around on a toy ?	man
10045	A man swings a dog around on a toy .	what does the man swing around on a toy ?	dog
10046	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
10048	A person cleans a pumpkin .	what does the person clean ?	pumpkin
10051	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
10054	A woman is seen with markings on her tongue and a person placing paper towels on her tongue .	who is seen with markings on her tongue and a person placing paper towels on her tongue ?	woman
10055	The man then pierces the girls tongue and she looks at the camera smiling .	who then pierces the girls tongue and she looks at the camera smiling ?	man
10055	The man then pierces the girls tongue and she looks at the camera smiling .	who does the man then pierce and she looks at the camera smiling ?	tongue
10056	A shirtless man is standing on porch while instructing how to build a redneck fire .	who is standing on porch while instructing how to build a redneck fire ?	man
10059	There are three men standing near the campfire pit to demonstrate step three .	how many men are there standing near the campfire pit to demonstrate step three ?	three
10060	One of the men picks up a gasoline can and ours some of it into the campfire pit .	what does one of the men pick up ?	can
10061	Another man lights the bonfire up to start the fire .	who lights the bonfire up to start the fire ?	man
10064	People are sitting in blue bumper cars .	what is the color of the cars ?	blue
10068	A man fills a bowl with water , then adds a cleaning solution .	who fills the bowl with water , then adds a cleaning solution ?	man
10068	A man fills a bowl with water , then adds a cleaning solution .	what does the man fill with water ?	bowl
10070	A man is seated in front of some video monitors and related equipment .	who is seated in front of some video monitors and related equipment ?	man
10073	We see the man once again , who advises us not to ever grow up .	who do we see once again , ?	man
10074	There are four women dancing to a choreographed dance to some Hip Hop music in a studio .	who are there dancing to a choreographed dance to some hip hop music in a studio ?	women
10074	There are four women dancing to a choreographed dance to some Hip Hop music in a studio .	how many women are there dancing to a choreographed dance to some hip hop music in a studio ?	four
10078	A boy stands from the bottom of a slide and walk away .	who stands from the bottom of a slide and walk away ?	boy
10079	Other kids slide on another slide in the playground .	who slide on another slide in the playground ?	kids
10080	A toddler climbs a jungle gym , and then go down the slide .	who climbs the jungle gym , and then go down the slide ?	toddler
10080	A toddler climbs a jungle gym , and then go down the slide .	what does the toddler climb ?	gym
10081	A man enters a car holding a briefcase .	who enters the car holding a briefcase ?	man
10081	A man enters a car holding a briefcase .	what does the man enter holding a briefcase ?	car
10081	A man enters a car holding a briefcase .	the man enters a car holding what ?	briefcase
10082	Then , the man smokes a cigarette in office , and a nurse gives him papers .	who does then , the man smoke a cigarette in office , and gives him papers ?	nurse
10082	Then , the man smokes a cigarette in office , and a nurse gives him papers .	where does then , the man smoke a cigarette , and a nurse gives him papers . ?	office
10083	After , an elegant woman smokes and then smile .	after , who smokes and then smile ?	woman
10085	Two men are in the water and other men help get in the boat .	how many men are in the water ?	two
10085	Two men are in the water and other men help get in the boat .	where are two men in the water and other men help get . ?	boat
10087	A woman removes the snow on the top of a car using a brush , also removes snow on the side windows and back window .	who removes the snow on the top of a car using a brush , also removes snow on the side windows and back window ?	woman
10088	After , the woman continues taking snow from the hood of the car and the front window that has a lot of snow .	who does after , continue taking snow from the hood of the car and the front window that has a lot of snow ?	woman
10089	A person is mixing drinks behind a bar .	what is the person mixing behind a bar ?	drinks
10096	The ingredients you will need are bread , cheese , ham , turkey sub kit deli meat , kraft real mayo , spicy brown mustard , seasoning and a knife .	what are bread , cheese , ham , turkey sub kit deli meat , kraft real mayo , spicy brown mustard , seasoning and a knife ?	ingredients
10096	The ingredients you will need are bread , cheese , ham , turkey sub kit deli meat , kraft real mayo , spicy brown mustard , seasoning and a knife .	what is the color of the mustard ?	brown
10097	Spread mayo on both slices of bread then put on mustard and cheese on both slices of bread put ham then turkey meat and add other seasoning to your taste .	what do spread mayo on both slices of bread then add to your taste ?	seasoning
10098	A small child is seen holding a stick and swinging at a pinata .	who is seen holding the stick and swinging at a pinata ?	child
10099	A girl is seen blindfolding another while a man plays with the camera on the side .	who is seen blindfolding another while a man plays with the camera on the side ?	girl
10100	The man holds the stick and gestures to the girl on the side .	who holds the stick and gestures to the girl on the side ?	man
10101	Two men that are matching each other are playing a game of racket ball .	how many men that are matching each other are playing a game of racket ball ?	two
10104	The bald man begins to walk out of the court smiling .	who begins to walk out of the court smiling ?	man
10105	A female news anchor is talking about a clip that will be shown .	what is talking about the clip that will be shown ?	anchor
10106	Monkeys are skiing behind a boat in the water .	what are skiing behind the boat in the water ?	monkeys
10107	Another monkey is seen driving a speed boat pulling a skiing monkey .	what is seen driving the speed boat pulling a skiing monkey ?	monkey
10109	The monkey driving the speed boat is shown again .	what is driving the speed boat is shown again ?	monkey
10109	The monkey driving the speed boat is shown again .	the monkey driving what is shown again ?	boat
10110	The monkey circles the steering wheel with the boat moving .	what circles the steering wheel with the boat moving ?	monkey
10110	The monkey circles the steering wheel with the boat moving .	what does the monkey circle steering with the boat moving ?	wheel
10111	The monkey then drives the boat to a set of buoys where three people are waiting for him .	what then drives the boat to a set of buoys where three people are waiting for him ?	monkey
10111	The monkey then drives the boat to a set of buoys where three people are waiting for him .	what does the monkey then drive to a set of buoys ?	boat
10111	The monkey then drives the boat to a set of buoys where three people are waiting for him .	how many people does the monkey then drive the boat to a set of buoys where are waiting for him ?	three
10112	Three news anchors discuss the monkeys .	what discuss the monkeys ?	anchors
10112	Three news anchors discuss the monkeys .	what do three news anchors discuss ?	monkeys
10112	Three news anchors discuss the monkeys .	how many news anchors discuss the monkeys ?	three
10113	A young boy is seen grabbing a ball and walking forward speaking to the camera .	who is seen grabbing the ball and walking forward speaking to the camera ?	boy
10117	The man and the woman play the piano together .	what do the man and the woman play together ?	piano
10122	A woman sits by a window knitting a white piece .	who sits by the window knitting a white piece ?	woman
10122	A woman sits by a window knitting a white piece .	what is the color of the piece ?	white
10123	The woman holds up a pattern book with an image of the piece she is working on .	who holds up the pattern book with an image of the piece she is working on ?	woman
10124	The woman continues her knitting .	who continues her knitting ?	woman
10124	The woman continues her knitting .	what does the woman continue ?	knitting
10125	The woman shows off her work so far and continues knitting .	who shows off her work so far and continues knitting ?	woman
10126	A large bow is laying on a table .	what is laying on the table ?	bow
10128	A man is shown pulling back and arrow and letting it go .	who is shown pulling back and arrow and letting it go ?	man
10130	Two yellow bumper cars are stuck in the middle of the track until they get bumped by another car .	what are stuck in the middle of the track until they get bumped by another car ?	cars
10130	Two yellow bumper cars are stuck in the middle of the track until they get bumped by another car .	how many yellow bumper cars are stuck in the middle of the track until they get bumped by another car ?	two
10130	Two yellow bumper cars are stuck in the middle of the track until they get bumped by another car .	what is the color of the cars ?	yellow
10132	A woman 's hand is shown wiping a glass screen followed by various objects sitting on a table .	who hand is shown wiping a glass screen followed by various objects sitting on a table ?	woman
10133	The woman sprays the glass and follows the object down the glass .	who sprays the glass and follows the object down the glass ?	woman
10135	A man is running on a track with a javelin .	who is running on the track with a javelin ?	man
10138	A man is sitting in a chair on the beach and is approached by another man , the first man gets up and applies lotion to the second man .	who is sitting in the chair on the beach and is approached by another man , the first man gets up and applies lotion to the second man ?	man
10140	The sitting man gets up and puts lotion on the man who approached .	who gets up and puts lotion on the man who approached ?	man
10140	The sitting man gets up and puts lotion on the man who approached .	what does the sitting man put on the man who approached ?	lotion
10141	Five guys are laying on the beach when a woman approaches them .	who are laying on the beach when a woman approaches them ?	guys
10141	Five guys are laying on the beach when a woman approaches them .	how many guys are laying on the beach when a woman approaches them ?	five
10142	One man gets up and applies lotion to the womans back .	who gets up and applies lotion to the womans back ?	man
10142	One man gets up and applies lotion to the womans back .	what does one man apply to the womans back ?	lotion
10142	One man gets up and applies lotion to the womans back .	how many man gets up and applies lotion to the womans back ?	one
10143	Five guys are laying on towels at the beach and a man approaches them .	who are laying on towels at the beach and a man approaches them ?	guys
10143	Five guys are laying on towels at the beach and a man approaches them .	who are five guys laying on towels at the beach and approaches them ?	man
10143	Five guys are laying on towels at the beach and a man approaches them .	how many guys are laying on towels at the beach ?	five
10145	The swimmers jump off a man made metal cliff wrapped in sponsored advertisement art and graphics .	who jump off the man made metal cliff wrapped in sponsored advertisement art and graphics ?	swimmers
10145	The swimmers jump off a man made metal cliff wrapped in sponsored advertisement art and graphics .	who do the swimmers jump off made metal cliff wrapped in sponsored advertisement art and graphics ?	man
10145	The swimmers jump off a man made metal cliff wrapped in sponsored advertisement art and graphics .	the swimmers jump off a man made what wrapped in sponsored advertisement art and graphics ?	cliff
10146	A group of judges hold up scorecards with numbers on them as car drive by on a nearby street and onlookers sit side by side on a raised wall watching .	who do the group of judges hold up scorecards with numbers on them as car drive by on a nearby street and sit side by side on a raised wall watching ?	onlookers
10147	Two swimmers hug while one swimmer jumps up and down and three more hold up trophies .	who hug while one swimmer jumps up and down and three more hold up trophies ?	swimmers
10147	Two swimmers hug while one swimmer jumps up and down and three more hold up trophies .	how many swimmers hug while one swimmer jumps up and down and three more hold up trophies ?	two
10149	The composer speaks to the audience about music .	who speaks to the audience about music ?	composer
10151	The composer talks about music and the orchestra behind him .	who talks about music and the orchestra behind him ?	composer
10152	One member comes out to play the saxophone for a solo as the crowd claps along .	who comes out to play the saxophone for a solo as the crowd claps along ?	member
10152	One member comes out to play the saxophone for a solo as the crowd claps along .	how many member comes out to play the saxophone for a solo as the crowd claps along ?	one
10156	The saxophonist bows and returns to her seat .	who bows and returns to her seat ?	saxophonist
10157	A little girl wearing a pink blouse sits on a bed squinting her eyes .	who is wearing a pink blouse sits on a bed squinting her eyes ?	girl
10157	A little girl wearing a pink blouse sits on a bed squinting her eyes .	the little girl wearing what sits on a bed squinting her eyes ?	blouse
10158	The little girl then puts on purple lipstick on her lips .	who then puts on purple lipstick on her lips ?	girl
10158	The little girl then puts on purple lipstick on her lips .	what is the color of the lipstick ?	purple
10159	The little girl continues putting on lipstick while speaking to the camera man about putting on makeup .	who continues putting on lipstick while speaking to the camera man about putting on makeup ?	girl
10160	A man is mopping a dirty public bathroom floor .	who is mopping the dirty public bathroom floor ?	man
10160	A man is mopping a dirty public bathroom floor .	what is the man mopping ?	floor
10161	He pushes the mop back and forth , making the floor clean and shiny .	what does he push back and forth , ?	mop
10163	A man spins , throwing a disc through the air .	who spins , throwing the disc through the air ?	man
10165	Two men are on a platform , fencing .	how many men are on the platform , fencing ?	two
10167	A woman watches as they parlay back and forth .	who watches as they parlay back and forth ?	woman
10168	An athlete performs high jump and lands on the mat while person takes notes .	who performs high jump and lands on the mat while person takes notes ?	athlete
10169	Then , the athlete performs high jump successfully .	who does then , perform high jump successfully ?	athlete
10170	After , the man perform high jump but drops the horizontal pole .	after , who perform high jump but drops the horizontal pole ?	man
10170	After , the man perform high jump but drops the horizontal pole .	what does after , the man drop ?	pole
10171	The athlete perform high jumps successfully .	who perform high jumps successfully ?	athlete
10172	The athlete perform a high jump , but the pole falls .	who perform the high jump , but the pole falls ?	athlete
10172	The athlete perform a high jump , but the pole falls .	what do the athlete perform a high jump , but falls ?	pole
10173	A large pontoon boat is sailing across an ocean and runs into a large wave that covers the people as well as the boat in water .	what is sailing across an ocean and runs into a large wave that covers the people as well as the boat in water ?	boat
10174	A very muscular shirtless man is about to arm wrestle with a man in an orange hoodie .	who is about to arm wrestle with the man in an orange hoodie ?	man
10174	A very muscular shirtless man is about to arm wrestle with a man in an orange hoodie .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	orange
10175	Another man in a yellow hoodie comes over .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	yellow
10176	They begin the match , the man in the orange hoodie looks to be struggling .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	orange
10177	The shirtless man wins and then wrestles the man in the yellow , he wins and they all stand around talking .	who wins and then wrestles the man in the yellow , he wins and they all stand around talking ?	man
10182	A woman is talking with an array of watercolors .	who is talking with an array of watercolors ?	woman
10184	Several children stand in front of a cage .	who stand in front of a cage ?	children
10185	A women is inside with a tiger .	who is inside with the tiger ?	women
10186	The children pull on a rope that against the tiger .	who pull on the rope that against the tiger ?	children
10189	A woman is putting contact lenses into her eyes .	who is putting contact lenses into her eyes ?	woman
10189	A woman is putting contact lenses into her eyes .	what is the woman putting contact into her eyes ?	lenses
10190	Contact lenses are shown on a hand .	what are contact shown on a hand ?	lenses
10192	guys are having a paint ball fight with each other .	who are having the paint ball fight with each other ?	guys
10193	A guy explain how to hide and protect yourself when in the filed , How to crawl , where to place your foot and hands when crawling .	who explain how to hide and protect yourself when in the filed , how to crawl , where to place your foot and hands when crawling ?	guy
10195	She holds another picture beside her and pushes the brush into paint .	what does she hold beside her ?	picture
10197	man is in a big stadium waking in the field .	who is in the big stadium waking in the field ?	man
10200	Two men pull on the rigging seated on the small sailboat .	how many men pull on the rigging seated on the small sailboat ?	two
10201	The sail boat makes a turn in front of the bow of another boat only partly seen .	what makes the turn in front of the bow of another boat only partly seen ?	boat
10202	Two men on a ladder fight in a professional wrestling match .	how many men on a ladder fight in a professional wrestling match ?	two
10203	The men flip off the ladder on to the mat .	what do the men flip off on to the mat ?	ladder
10204	The referee kneels near by .	who kneels near by ?	referee
10207	People on a boat suit up in scuba gear then jump into the water .	where do people on a boat suit up gear then jump into the water . ?	scuba
10208	Scuba divers swim through a cave area .	who swim through the cave area ?	divers
10210	Sea turtles graze and swim in the ocean .	what graze and swim in the ocean ?	turtles
10211	Various fish are seen swimming through the reef .	what are seen swimming through the reef ?	fish
10212	A manta ray swims in the ocean over a reef .	what swims in the ocean over a reef ?	ray
10213	This elderly man is blowing the leaves out of the way using a leaf blower .	who is blowing the leaves out of the way using a leaf blower ?	man
10213	This elderly man is blowing the leaves out of the way using a leaf blower .	what is this elderly man blowing out of the way ?	leaves
10214	First the camera is giving viewers a close up view only showing the man 's face .	what is first giving viewers a close up view only showing the man 's face ?	camera
10214	First the camera is giving viewers a close up view only showing the man 's face .	first the camera is giving viewers a close up view only showing who face ?	man
10215	Then the camera zooms out and shows the man blowing the leaves using a machine and when he 's done half doing his job , he turns the leaf blower off .	then what zooms out and shows the man blowing the leaves using a machine and when he 's done half doing his job , he turns the leaf blower off ?	camera
10215	Then the camera zooms out and shows the man blowing the leaves using a machine and when he 's done half doing his job , he turns the leaf blower off .	who does then the camera show blowing the leaves using a machine and when he 's done half doing his job , he turns the leaf blower off ?	man
10215	Then the camera zooms out and shows the man blowing the leaves using a machine and when he 's done half doing his job , he turns the leaf blower off .	then the camera zooms out and shows the man blowing what and when he 's done half doing his job , he turns the leaf blower off ?	leaves
10215	Then the camera zooms out and shows the man blowing the leaves using a machine and when he 's done half doing his job , he turns the leaf blower off .	then the camera zooms out and shows the man blowing the leaves and , he turns what off ?	blower
10216	little kid is holding a red tennis racket close to her face but then put it on the floor and jump on top .	who is holding the red tennis racket close to her face but then put it on the floor and jump on top ?	kid
10216	little kid is holding a red tennis racket close to her face but then put it on the floor and jump on top .	what is the color of the racket ?	red
10217	little kid is standing in a small room playing in a Hopscotch .	who is standing in the small room playing in a hopscotch ?	kid
10218	the girl is grabing toys from the floor .	who is grabing toys from the floor ?	girl
10218	the girl is grabing toys from the floor .	what is the girl grabing from the floor ?	toys
10219	A man stands on a field in an outdoor game surrounded by bleachers with people in them and performs a hammer throw .	who stands on the field in an outdoor game surrounded by bleachers with people in them and performs a hammer throw ?	man
10220	The man spins the hammer around many times and then lets the hammer go to fly into the hair and land in the field .	who spins the hammer around many times and then lets the hammer go to fly into the hair and land in the field ?	man
10220	The man spins the hammer around many times and then lets the hammer go to fly into the hair and land in the field .	what does the man spin around many times ?	hammer
10223	A blue bucket is put into a sink .	what is put into the sink ?	bucket
10223	A blue bucket is put into a sink .	what is the color of the bucket ?	blue
10224	A man starts mopping the hardwood floors .	who starts mopping the hardwood floors ?	man
10225	He mops the tile in the bathroom .	where does he mop the tile . ?	bathroom
10229	A man dances and pulls his pants , which are falling down , back up , as he sweeps a cafe floor .	who dances and pulls his pants , which are falling down , back up , as he sweeps a cafe floor ?	man
10231	The man begins to pulls his pants up as his blue underwear shows from the twisting of the dance , which has pulled down his pants .	who begins to pulls his pants up as his blue underwear shows from the twisting of the dance , which has pulled down his pants ?	man
10231	The man begins to pulls his pants up as his blue underwear shows from the twisting of the dance , which has pulled down his pants .	what is the color of the shows ?	blue
10232	The man then turns to face the camera and smiles while pulling his pants up .	who then turns to face the camera and smiles while pulling his pants up ?	man
10233	A young man is seen standing in front of the camera and begins spinning in circles .	who is seen standing in front of the camera and begins spinning in circles ?	man
10235	An ax rests in a fallen tree .	what rests in the fallen tree ?	ax
10236	A man picks up the ax , and chops the trunk of the tree .	who picks up the ax , and chops the trunk of the tree ?	man
10236	A man picks up the ax , and chops the trunk of the tree .	what does the man pick up ?	ax
10238	Then two other children behind him that are little girls slide down .	how many other children are then behind him that little girls slide down ?	two
10239	Just as the girls are reaching the bottom of the slide boy gets up and leaves the slide and the girls follow right behind him .	what does leave and the girls follow right behind him ?	slide
10239	Just as the girls are reaching the bottom of the slide boy gets up and leaves the slide and the girls follow right behind him .	gets up and leaves the slide and who follow right behind him ?	girls
10240	We see the title card on black .	what is the color of the card ?	black
10243	We then see the bike in stair stepper mode and using the handles .	what do we then see in stair stepper mode and using the handles ?	bicycle
10246	A dog walks behind them .	what walks behind them ?	dog
10248	woman is standing in a small room doing tricks with a baton .	who is standing in the small room doing tricks with a baton ?	woman
10248	woman is standing in a small room doing tricks with a baton .	where is woman standing doing tricks with a baton . ?	room
10250	women enter to a room .	who enter to the room ?	women
10252	A woman talks to the camera in a gym .	who talks to the camera in a gym ?	woman
10253	The woman demonstrates a lifting exercise .	who demonstrates the lifting exercise ?	woman
10254	The woman turns back to the camera and talks again .	who turns back to the camera and talks again ?	woman
10256	A man dumps a wheelbarrow of mulch on the lawn .	who dumps the wheelbarrow of mulch on the lawn ?	man
10263	The potato is cut , then dropped in a pot .	what is cut , then dropped in a pot ?	potato
10263	The potato is cut , then dropped in a pot .	where is the potato cut , then dropped . ?	pot
10265	We see a red illustration on a potato and a potato is mashed .	what is the color of the illustration ?	red
10266	Two more potatoes are peeled easily , Another potato is boiled and dropped in cold water .	what are peeled easily , another potato is boiled and dropped in cold water ?	potatoes
10266	Two more potatoes are peeled easily , Another potato is boiled and dropped in cold water .	how many more potatoes are peeled easily ?	two
10267	Several clips are shown of people wandering around areas , looking to the camera , and skateboarding down a hill .	what are shown of people wandering around areas , looking to the camera , and skateboarding down a hill ?	clips
10270	A crowd of people are at a stadium watching a bull fight .	what are the crowd of people at a stadium watching ?	fight
10271	A petite man is standing in front of the bull with a red cloth and taunting the bull .	who is standing in front of the bull with a red cloth and taunting the bull ?	man
10271	A petite man is standing in front of the bull with a red cloth and taunting the bull .	what is the petite man standing in front of the bull with a red cloth and taunting ?	bull
10271	A petite man is standing in front of the bull with a red cloth and taunting the bull .	what is the color of the cloth ?	red
10272	Once the bull moves , three more men come out with pink cloths and begin taunting the bulls and he hits them with his horns .	how many more men does once the bull move , come out with pink cloths and begin taunting the bulls ?	three
10273	The men finally leave the bull alone and he lays down on his side and they begin giving him something in the mouth .	what do the men finally leave alone and he lays down on his side and they begin giving him something in the mouth ?	bull
10274	Once laid to rest , another man comes and wraps something around his mouth to secure him as another set of men walk out guiding horses .	who does , come and wraps something around his mouth to secure him as another set of men walk out guiding horses ?	man
10275	Two men spar in a karate practice match inside a gym studio .	how many men spar in the karate practice match inside a gym studio ?	two
10276	The instructor trips the student after catching the punches .	who trips the student after catching the punches ?	instructor
10276	The instructor trips the student after catching the punches .	who does the instructor trip after catching the punches ?	student
10277	The instructor does a sliding kick on the student .	who does the sliding kick on the student ?	instructor
10278	The instructor catches the kicks of the student .	who catches the kicks of the student ?	instructor
10281	Instead of using a lawnmower he is cutting the grass with a machete .	what is instead of using the lawnmower he is cutting with a machete ?	grass
10283	The two people take shots with their pucks down the board .	how many people take shots with their pucks down the board ?	two
10286	Two people play a leisurely game of shuffle board on an outdoor court .	how many people play the leisurely game of shuffle board on an outdoor court ?	two
10289	The woman then drops the cape and begins walking towards the crowd moving her chest and smiling at the people .	who then drops the cape and begins walking towards the crowd moving her chest and smiling at the people ?	woman
10289	The woman then drops the cape and begins walking towards the crowd moving her chest and smiling at the people .	what does the woman then drop ?	cape
10290	We see people playing paintball on a football field .	what do we see on a football field ?	paintball
10292	The man is crawling on the ground .	who is crawling on the ground ?	man
10293	He fills his gun with orange balls .	what does he fill with orange balls ?	gun
10293	He fills his gun with orange balls .	what is the color of the balls ?	orange
10295	The man reloads his gun with blue balls .	who reloads his gun with blue balls ?	man
10295	The man reloads his gun with blue balls .	what does the man reload with blue balls ?	gun
10295	The man reloads his gun with blue balls .	what is the color of the balls ?	blue
10297	A man is seen sitting in the back of a car waxing down a surf board and another man speaking to the camera .	who is seen sitting in the back of a car waxing down a surf board and another man speaking to the camera ?	man
10298	Slow motion shots of a man surfing are shown and the man continues speaking .	who are slow motion shots of a man surfing shown and continues speaking ?	man
10300	A woman leans against the edge , watching the boats .	who leans against the edge , watching the boats ?	woman
10301	A man is filming inside of am apartment looking around at several different things .	who is filming inside of am apartment looking around at several different things ?	man
10302	A little boy comes into the scene and quickly exits out of the view of the camera .	who comes into the scene and quickly exits out of the view of the camera ?	boy
10303	The boy comes onto the camera again doing karate moves with a stick .	who comes onto the camera again doing karate moves with a stick ?	boy
10304	The man gets a close up of the boy while he talks to the boy in another language .	who gets the close up of the boy while he talks to the boy in another language ?	man
10305	the boy does a bow and the video ends .	who does the bow and the video ends ?	boy
10307	The competitor skips and runs off of the track and goes to the spectator stands and celebrates his jump .	who stands and celebrates his jump ?	competitor
10308	The camera pans around a large group of people playing a soccer match on a field with many people watching on the sides .	what pans around the large group of people playing a soccer match on a field with many people watching on the sides ?	camera
10310	A person 's hand then covers the camera and moves all around the area .	the person 's hand then covers what ?	camera
10311	A woman looks through a large pile of clothing and begins throwing at the camera man .	who looks through the large pile of clothing and begins throwing at the camera man ?	woman
10313	A black horse is standing in a stable with several yellow things on his hair .	what is standing in the stable with several yellow things on his hair ?	horse
10313	A black horse is standing in a stable with several yellow things on his hair .	what is the color of the horse ?	black
10313	A black horse is standing in a stable with several yellow things on his hair .	what is the color of the things ?	yellow
10314	A woman then appears and begin shaving off all of the horse 's hair .	who then appears and begin shaving off all of the horse 's hair ?	woman
10316	We see a man talking in a bike shop .	who do we see talking in a bike shop ?	man
10317	The man touches the handle bars of a bike then grabs a wire off a table .	who is touches the handle bars of a bike then grabs a wire off a table ?	man
10317	The man touches the handle bars of a bike then grabs a wire off a table .	what is the man touches the handle bars of a bike then grabs off a table ?	wire
10318	The man strings the wire through the bikes brake system .	who strings the wire through the bikes brake system ?	man
10318	The man strings the wire through the bikes brake system .	what did the man string through the bikes brake system ?	wire
10319	The man adds a black plastic sheath over the wire and attaches it to the wheel brace .	who adds the black plastic sheath over the wire and attaches it to the wheel brace ?	man
10319	The man adds a black plastic sheath over the wire and attaches it to the wheel brace .	what does the man add over the wire ?	sheath
10319	The man adds a black plastic sheath over the wire and attaches it to the wheel brace .	what is the color of the sheath ?	black
10322	The team do jumping ropes where two females hold the end of the jumping rope , rotating them as the other team member jumped inside the rope and dance .	how many females do the team do jumping ropes where hold the end of the jumping rope , rotating them as the other team member jumped inside the rope and dance ?	two
10328	They unplug the vacuum and put it in the closet .	where do they put it . ?	closet
10329	A small boy plays on a stair stepper in a store .	who plays on the stair stepper in a store ?	boy
10330	We back up and see the boys legs .	who do we see ?	legs
10331	The camera zooms in on the boy again .	what zooms in on the boy again ?	camera
10332	A little girl in a diaper uses a small vacuum .	where does the little girl use a small vacuum . ?	diaper
10335	A boy spins around a gym with a tennis racket and pushes a ball around to another boy .	who spins around the gym with a tennis racket and pushes a ball around to another boy ?	boy
10335	A boy spins around a gym with a tennis racket and pushes a ball around to another boy .	what does the boy push around to another boy ?	ball
10336	The boys run back and fourth bouncing balls against a wall with their hands and a tennis racket .	who run back and fourth bouncing balls against a wall with their hands and a tennis racket ?	boys
10337	They slide around the floor pushing the ball and continue hitting the ball back and fourth across the gym .	what do they slide around pushing the ball ?	floor
10337	They slide around the floor pushing the ball and continue hitting the ball back and fourth across the gym .	they slide around the floor pushing what and continue hitting the ball back and fourth across the gym ?	ball
10338	A man is seen in several shots looking off into the distance followed by others riding around on boards .	who is seen in several shots looking off into the distance followed by others riding around on boards ?	man
10342	They wipe the shoe off with a white towel .	what do they wipe off with a white towel ?	shoe
10342	They wipe the shoe off with a white towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
10343	He lifts up the shoe to show the camera .	what does he lift up ?	shoe
10345	We see a title card with a family on it .	what do we see with a family on it ?	card
10346	A man swings around on a pommel horse .	who swings around on the pommel horse ?	man
10347	A man in blue plan swing his legs back and forth .	what is the color of the plan ?	blue
10348	The man in red shorts is spinning wildly .	what is the color of the shorts ?	red
10350	A woman is seated , brushing her hair with her back to the camera .	who is seated , brushing her hair with her back to the camera ?	woman
10354	Audience members are seen cheering while people play soccer on the side .	who are seen cheering while people play soccer on the side ?	members
10356	A girl wearing an orange hoodie and a girl wearing a black blouse enter a home and go into the kitchen .	who is wearing an orange hoodie and a girl wearing a black blouse enter a home and go into the kitchen ?	girl
10356	A girl wearing an orange hoodie and a girl wearing a black blouse enter a home and go into the kitchen .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	orange
10356	A girl wearing an orange hoodie and a girl wearing a black blouse enter a home and go into the kitchen .	what is the color of the blouse ?	black
10357	The girls are preparing to bake cookies .	who are preparing to bake cookies ?	girls
10359	Some one is at the front door and the girl in the orange hoodie runs through the house to go answer the door .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	orange
10360	The girl in the black blouse is at the door disguised as a man .	what is the color of the blouse ?	black
10360	The girl in the black blouse is at the door disguised as a man .	where is the girl at the door disguised as a man . ?	blouse
10361	The girl in the orange hoodie squeezes a bar of butter and it falls to the floor and slams the door shut .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	orange
10362	The girl in the black blouse turns and walks away dejected .	what is the color of the blouse ?	black
10362	The girl in the black blouse turns and walks away dejected .	where does the girl turn and walks away dejected . ?	blouse
10363	A white man is on the stage with long dreads throwing up the piece sign to the audience .	who is on the stage with long dreads throwing up the piece sign to the audience ?	man
10363	A white man is on the stage with long dreads throwing up the piece sign to the audience .	what is the color of the man ?	white
10364	After their interaction , the man begins to play the wind pipes on his back as he walks back and forth across the stage .	who does after their interaction , begin to play the wind pipes on his back as he walks back and forth across the stage ?	man
10365	The crowd is shown and the camera goes back to the stage and several lights come on as the guitarist begins to play .	what is the crowd shown and goes back to the stage and several lights come on as the guitarist begins to play ?	camera
10366	A little girl smiles and talks to the camera .	who smiles and talks to the camera ?	girl
10369	We see a man with a ball he is preparing to throw shotput .	who do we see with a ball he is preparing to throw shotput ?	man
10370	The man lifts his arm .	who lifts his arm ?	man
10371	The man spins and throws the ball .	who spins and throws the ball ?	man
10371	The man spins and throws the ball .	what does the man spin and throws ?	ball
10376	We see the tractor up close .	what do we see up close ?	tractor
10377	We see the closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
10379	A man is seen speaking to the camera that leads into several clips of people wake boarding .	who is seen speaking to the camera that leads into several clips of people wake boarding ?	man
10380	The man then speaks to a woman and helps demonstrate how to properly ride the wake board .	who then speaks to the woman and helps demonstrate how to properly ride the wake board ?	man
10381	The boat then takes off and helps the girl ride along while she falls the first time then successfully rides .	what then takes off and helps the girl ride along while she falls the first time then successfully rides ?	boat
10383	A group of men in black started to removed the first half of the carpet in the living room , then replaced it with lighter , newer carpet .	what is the color of the men ?	black
10384	The group of men in black shirts moved the couch from the wall to other side and removed the other half of the carpet , exposing the green floor .	what did the group of men in black shirts move from the wall to other side ?	couch
10384	The group of men in black shirts moved the couch from the wall to other side and removed the other half of the carpet , exposing the green floor .	what is the color of the shirts ?	black
10384	The group of men in black shirts moved the couch from the wall to other side and removed the other half of the carpet , exposing the green floor .	what is the color of the floor ?	green
10385	The group of men put the carpet on the floor , they measure it , cut it and taped it .	what did the group of men put on the floor , ?	carpet
10386	When the new carpet is properly installed , the men vacuum the carpet while the lady walked in the living room .	what do , the men vacuum ?	carpet
10386	When the new carpet is properly installed , the men vacuum the carpet while the lady walked in the living room .	where is when the new carpet properly installed , the men vacuum the carpet while the lady walked . ?	room
10388	Lastly , a blue screen flashes and white words appear .	what is the color of the flashes ?	blue
10388	Lastly , a blue screen flashes and white words appear .	what is the color of the words ?	white
10389	Two cars are parked on the side of the road as train passes by .	what are parked on the side of the road as train passes by ?	cars
10389	Two cars are parked on the side of the road as train passes by .	how many cars are parked on the side of the road as train passes by ?	two
10391	A man sits on a table with accordions .	who sits on the table with accordions ?	man
10392	Then the man holds an accordion while touching the buttons and talking .	who does then hold an accordion while touching the buttons and talking ?	man
10392	Then the man holds an accordion while touching the buttons and talking .	what does then the man hold ?	accordion
10393	A woman plays piano in a room decorated with candles .	who plays piano in a room decorated with candles ?	woman
10393	A woman plays piano in a room decorated with candles .	what does the woman play in a room decorated with candles ?	piano
10395	A boy stand on a pool diving board in an Olympic competition .	who stand on the pool diving board in an olympic competition ?	boy
10396	Then , the boy jumps and does four flips in the air and falls into the water .	who does then , jump and does four flips in the air and falls into the water ?	boy
10398	A man hugs the boy who looks happy , and the boy walks around .	who hugs the boy who looks happy , and the boy walks around ?	man
10398	A man hugs the boy who looks happy , and the boy walks around .	who does the man hug , and the boy walks around ?	boy
10398	A man hugs the boy who looks happy , and the boy walks around .	who does the man hug the boy , and walks around ?	boy
10399	The boy jumps from a diving board and does four flips in the air before gets into the water .	who jumps from the diving board and does four flips in the air before gets into the water ?	boy
10399	The boy jumps from a diving board and does four flips in the air before gets into the water .	how many flips does the boy do in the air before gets into the water ?	four
10400	The man in blue shirt with cap is hitting the thick rope .	what is the man in blue shirt with cap hitting ?	rope
10400	The man in blue shirt with cap is hitting the thick rope .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
10401	The man get on the rope and the crowd applauded .	who get on the rope and the crowd applauded ?	man
10402	The man in blue shirt started to bounced on the rope doing some tricks like sitting on the rope , bouncing on his chest , cartwheel and walking on the rope .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
10403	A young girl is doing gymnastics on a blue mat .	who is doing gymnastics on a blue mat ?	girl
10403	A young girl is doing gymnastics on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
10408	They hold five men in the air and flip them and flip four men in groups .	how many men do they hold in the air ?	five
10409	One man is lifted high and swings two men on his arms to the other side then five men make a star like shape .	who is lifted high and swings two men on his arms to the other side then five men make a star like shape ?	man
10409	One man is lifted high and swings two men on his arms to the other side then five men make a star like shape .	what does one man swing two men on his arms to the other side then five men make like shape ?	star
10409	One man is lifted high and swings two men on his arms to the other side then five men make a star like shape .	how many man is lifted high and swings two men on his arms to the other side then five men make a star like shape ?	one
10413	A man is seen kneeling of a roof while holding a piece of wood .	who is seen kneeling of the roof while holding a piece of wood ?	man
10416	A man is seen looking to the camera and snapping his fingers .	who is seen looking to the camera and snapping his fingers ?	man
10418	The man continues to play moving his hands up and down and looking back to the camera .	who continues to play moving his hands up and down and looking back to the camera ?	man
10419	A group of people are outside at the beach playing sand volley ball .	what are the group of people outside at the beach playing volley ?	ball
10420	The ball falls and a fat boy with yellow shirts takes the ball and tries to serve it .	what falls and the fat boy with yellow shirts takes the ball and tries to serve it ?	ball
10420	The ball falls and a fat boy with yellow shirts takes the ball and tries to serve it .	what is the color of the shirts ?	yellow
10421	However , the ball does n't make it over the net , rolls back and he goes to get it .	what does however , do n't make it over the net , rolls back and he goes to get it ?	ball
10422	A man is talking and playing drums in a split screen .	who is talking and playing drums in a split screen ?	man
10427	A woman is standing next to a work out machine .	who is standing next to the work out machine ?	woman
10428	Several people exercise in a room .	where do several people exercise . ?	room
10432	There are two men elbow wrestling on a table .	how many men are there elbow wrestling on a table ?	two
10437	There are also some referees seen acting as moderators in the elbow wrestling match .	who are there also seen acting as moderators in the elbow wrestling match ?	referees
10438	A brunette woman is sitting in a room and has her left arm raised and is looking at her armpit .	who is sitting in the room and has her left arm raised and is looking at her armpit ?	woman
10438	A brunette woman is sitting in a room and has her left arm raised and is looking at her armpit .	where is the brunette woman sitting . ?	room
10439	The woman puts her arm down and talks into the camera and a black cat climbs on furniture behind her while she 's still talking .	who puts her arm down and talks into the camera and a black cat climbs on furniture behind her while she 's still talking ?	woman
10439	The woman puts her arm down and talks into the camera and a black cat climbs on furniture behind her while she 's still talking .	what is the color of the cat ?	black
10440	The woman is now standing in her shower fully clothed and she 's applying a lot of shaving cream to her right leg that 's propped on a wall .	who is now standing in her shower fully clothed and she 's applying a lot of shaving cream to her right leg that 's propped on a wall ?	woman
10441	The woman is back in the room talking , then appears back in the shower with a razor and shaving her legs .	who is back in the room talking , then appears back in the shower with a razor and shaving her legs ?	woman
10441	The woman is back in the room talking , then appears back in the shower with a razor and shaving her legs .	where is the woman back talking , then appears back in the shower with a razor and shaving her legs . ?	room
10442	A girl wearing a red shirt and white shorts is standing in her bathroom at the sink with a toothbrush in her hand .	who is wearing a red shirt and white shorts is standing in her bathroom at the sink with a toothbrush in her hand ?	girl
10442	A girl wearing a red shirt and white shorts is standing in her bathroom at the sink with a toothbrush in her hand .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
10442	A girl wearing a red shirt and white shorts is standing in her bathroom at the sink with a toothbrush in her hand .	what is the color of the shorts ?	white
10442	A girl wearing a red shirt and white shorts is standing in her bathroom at the sink with a toothbrush in her hand .	where is the girl wearing a red shirt and white shorts is standing . ?	bathroom
10446	Then she realizes that her mouth is full of toothpaste foam and that it is coming out , she spits it out in the sink .	where does then she realize her mouth is full of toothpaste foam and it is coming out , she spits it out . ?	sink
10448	She uses a large round brush to brush her hair straight as it dries .	what does she use ?	brush
10451	A woman stands outside with a brown horse and puts on a helmet .	who stands outside with the brown horse and puts on a helmet ?	woman
10451	A woman stands outside with a brown horse and puts on a helmet .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
10452	The woman talks to the camera and mounts the horse .	who talks to the camera and mounts the horse ?	woman
10452	The woman talks to the camera and mounts the horse .	what does the woman mount ?	horse
10456	A woman is seen speaking to the camera that leads into a man speaking to a group .	who is seen speaking to the camera that leads into a man speaking to a group ?	woman
10457	Another man speaks to the camera while the demonstrator points to a bike and takes off a wheel .	who speaks to the camera while the demonstrator points to a bike and takes off a wheel ?	man
10458	More people speak to the camera while the man demonstrates how to put air in a tire and well as taking it apart .	where do more people speak to the camera while the man demonstrates how to put air and well as taking it apart . ?	tire
10460	A brown dog is playing with a frisbee .	what is playing with the frisbee ?	dog
10460	A brown dog is playing with a frisbee .	what is the color of the dog ?	brown
10461	The dog is standing on the woman 's back .	what is standing on the woman 's back ?	dog
10462	stadium is shown with a lot of people in the audience sitting on stands watching a criquet game .	what is shown with the lot of people in the audience sitting on stands watching a criquet game ?	stadium
10464	A man is standing at a toy machine before he looks up and runs , jumping over a counter .	who is standing at the toy machine before he looks up and runs , jumping over a counter ?	man
10465	He grabs a bowling ball and begins bowling .	what does he grab ?	ball
10470	They try to get the ball in the hoop and continue bouncing around the court .	where do they try to get the ball and continue bouncing around the court . ?	hoop
10471	A man in green does a flip in the air and shoots the ball into the hoop .	what does the man in green shoot into the hoop ?	ball
10472	A dog is seen standing in a bath tub chained to a tub and a woman walks into frame and grabs the dog .	what is seen standing in the bath tub chained to a tub and a woman walks into frame and grabs the dog ?	dog
10472	A dog is seen standing in a bath tub chained to a tub and a woman walks into frame and grabs the dog .	who is the dog seen and walks into frame and grabs the dog ?	woman
10472	A dog is seen standing in a bath tub chained to a tub and a woman walks into frame and grabs the dog .	what is the dog seen and a woman walks into frame and grabs ?	dog
10473	She hold up a bottle and sprays it around the dog , rubbing it into it 's fur while speaking to the camera .	what do she hold up ?	bottle
10475	A black screen appears with white words that read `` How to Paint a Paneled Door '' .	what appears with white words that read `` how to paint a paneled door '' ?	screen
10475	A black screen appears with white words that read `` How to Paint a Paneled Door '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
10475	A black screen appears with white words that read `` How to Paint a Paneled Door '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
10476	A man then appears in front of a red door that is leaning up against a wall that has plastic on it , and he 's talking and touching the door .	who then appears in front of a red door that is leaning up against a wall that has plastic on it , and he 's talking and touching the door ?	man
10476	A man then appears in front of a red door that is leaning up against a wall that has plastic on it , and he 's talking and touching the door .	that does the man then appear in front of a red door is leaning up against a wall that has plastic on it , and he 's talking and touching what ?	door
10476	A man then appears in front of a red door that is leaning up against a wall that has plastic on it , and he 's talking and touching the door .	what is the color of the door ?	red
10477	The man then grabs a paint brush and begins painting on paints various parts of the door while continuing to talk .	who then grabs the paint brush and begins painting on paints various parts of the door while continuing to talk ?	man
10477	The man then grabs a paint brush and begins painting on paints various parts of the door while continuing to talk .	what does the man then grab ?	brush
10478	The man stops painting , and begins talking as he points at a few things on the door .	who stops painting , and begins talking as he points at a few things on the door ?	man
10478	The man stops painting , and begins talking as he points at a few things on the door .	what does the man stop ?	painting
10479	A black screen appears with white words that include a website if someone wants more information .	what appears with white words that include a website if someone wants more information ?	screen
10479	A black screen appears with white words that include a website if someone wants more information .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
10479	A black screen appears with white words that include a website if someone wants more information .	what is the color of the words ?	white
10480	A woman wearing classes dances in front of the camera .	who is wearing classes dances in front of the camera ?	woman
10481	The woman turns around while raising an arm .	who turns around while raising an arm ?	woman
10482	The woman turns around again .	who turns around again ?	woman
10483	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
10484	We see a chef at an omelette bar making multiple omelets at the same time .	who do we see at an omelette bar making multiple omelets at the same time ?	chef
10486	The man sprinkles seasonings on the omelets .	who sprinkles seasonings on the omelets ?	man
10487	The man pours the omelettes on plates .	who pours the omelettes on plates ?	man
10488	We then see the ending screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
10493	A man is dancing in a room .	who is dancing in the room ?	man
10493	A man is dancing in a room .	where is the man dancing . ?	room
10494	He steps up and down on a small black stepping stool .	what is the color of the stool ?	black
10496	man is standing on a race track ready to make gymnastics in parallels in the midle of a stadium .	who is standing on the race track ready to make gymnastics in parallels in the midle of a stadium ?	man
10499	A green race car comes into a pit stop .	what comes into the pit stop ?	car
10499	A green race car comes into a pit stop .	what is the color of the car ?	green
10500	The man with the jack lifts the car up .	what does the man with the jack lift up ?	car
10501	The pit crew begins to work on the car by changing the front and rear tires of the car .	what begins to work on the car by changing the front and rear tires of the car ?	crew
10502	The jack man then takes the jack out as a man in a pink shirt comes in front of the camera .	who then takes the jack out as a man in a pink shirt comes in front of the camera ?	man
10503	A man is seen kneeling down in a picture followed by two men bending down towards one another .	who is seen kneeling down in the picture followed by two men bending down towards one another ?	man
10506	The lady is then shown in another room demonstrating the proper technique to be efficient in archery .	who is then shown in another room demonstrating the proper technique to be efficient in archery ?	lady
10507	Two pattern continues and then the girl comes back and is shown with bows behind her back before shooting at a target on the wall .	who does two pattern continue and then comes back and is shown with bows behind her back before shooting at a target on the wall ?	girl
10507	Two pattern continues and then the girl comes back and is shown with bows behind her back before shooting at a target on the wall .	how many pattern continues ?	two
10509	Two men crouch in front of each other as they play .	how many men crouch in front of each other as they play ?	two
10511	A man sits on front a bowl , then a woman shows cookie dough in bowls , then review a cookbook .	who sits on front a bowl , then a woman shows cookie dough in bowls , then review a cookbook ?	man
10511	A man sits on front a bowl , then a woman shows cookie dough in bowls , then review a cookbook .	who does the man sit on front a bowl , then shows cookie dough in bowls , then review a cookbook ?	woman
10511	A man sits on front a bowl , then a woman shows cookie dough in bowls , then review a cookbook .	what does the man sit on front a bowl , then a woman shows in bowls , ?	dough
10512	Then , the woman make dough balls and putsion a baking pan , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan .	then , who make dough balls and putsion a baking pan , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan ?	woman
10512	Then , the woman make dough balls and putsion a baking pan , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan .	what do then , the woman make , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan ?	balls
10512	Then , the woman make dough balls and putsion a baking pan , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan .	what do then , the woman putsion , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan ?	pan
10512	Then , the woman make dough balls and putsion a baking pan , also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan .	then , the woman make dough balls and putsion a baking pan , also who makes dough balls and puts in baking pan ?	teen
10513	After , the man put the cookies in the oven .	who did after , put the cookies in the oven ?	man
10513	After , the man put the cookies in the oven .	what did after , the man put in the oven ?	cookies
10513	After , the man put the cookies in the oven .	where did after , the man put the cookies . ?	oven
10516	A man holds the handle of a cleaning tool .	who holds the handle of a cleaning tool ?	man
10517	The man cleans the kitchen floor .	who cleans the kitchen floor ?	man
10517	The man cleans the kitchen floor .	what does the man clean ?	floor
10518	A lady discusses with the man .	who discusses with the man ?	lady
10519	The man takes the mop out of the red bucket and moves the bucket aside .	who takes the mop out of the red bucket and moves the bucket aside ?	man
10519	The man takes the mop out of the red bucket and moves the bucket aside .	what does the man move aside ?	bucket
10519	The man takes the mop out of the red bucket and moves the bucket aside .	what is the color of the bucket ?	red
10520	The lady stands next to a male .	who stands next to the male ?	lady
10522	The man hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink .	who hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink ?	man
10522	The man hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink .	what does the man hand to the lady ?	mop
10522	The man hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink .	what does the man empty in the sink ?	bucket
10522	The man hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink .	what is the color of the bucket ?	red
10522	The man hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink .	where does the man empty the red bucket . ?	sink
10523	The male grabs alcohol , while the lady mops .	what does the male grab , ?	alcohol
10524	The man hands the bucket and mop to the male .	who hands the bucket and mop to the male ?	man
10524	The man hands the bucket and mop to the male .	what does the man hand ?	bucket
10526	The lady laughs out loud .	who laughs out loud ?	lady
10527	The man washes his hand .	who washes his hand ?	man
10528	A bar of exercise equipment is shown in a living room .	where is the bar of exercise equipment shown . ?	room
10530	The man holds on to the bar of the machine as he talks about it .	who holds on to the bar of the machine as he talks about it ?	man
10532	The man moves back and fourth on the machine while the camera continues to capture his movements .	who moves back and fourth on the machine while the camera continues to capture his movements ?	man
10533	A woman is seen sitting in front of the camera and begins putting a contact lens in her eyes .	who is seen sitting in front of the camera and begins putting a contact lens in her eyes ?	woman
10534	The woman keeps attempting to put the lens in her eye while looking around trying again .	who keeps attempting to put the lens in her eye while looking around trying again ?	woman
10536	A large lake is seen with a man sitting in a tube as well as others looking around the area .	what is seen with the man sitting in a tube as well as others looking around the area ?	lake
10540	The students mimic the instructors motions .	who mimic the instructors motions ?	students
10540	The students mimic the instructors motions .	who do the students mimic ?	motions
10541	The coach points to different areas of the gym and individual groups of students .	who points to different areas of the gym and individual groups of students ?	coach
10542	A student in black shorts runs across the gym .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
10543	A group of students plays rock paper sissor .	what does the group of students play ?	paper
10544	Students run around the perimeter of the gym to different stations .	who run around the perimeter of the gym to different stations ?	students
10545	A student wearing a hat sits on the bench and looks sick .	who is wearing a hat sits on the bench and looks sick ?	student
10545	A student wearing a hat sits on the bench and looks sick .	the student wearing what sits on the bench and looks sick ?	hat
10547	A girl competes vault gymnastic in front the judges while spectators observe from the bleachers .	who competes vault gymnastic in front the judges while spectators observe from the bleachers ?	girl
10548	The gymnast approach to her coaches to talk and then they leave .	who approach to her coaches to talk and then they leave ?	gymnast
10554	A man is holding the baby playing with a ball .	who is holding the baby playing with a ball ?	man
10554	A man is holding the baby playing with a ball .	who is the man holding with a ball ?	playing
10555	A baby is sleeping on a couch .	who is sleeping on the couch ?	baby
10559	We see a man adds a band on a ski and the ski sits on a contraption .	what do we see and sits on a contraption ?	ski
10560	A man brushes and rubs the ski .	the man brushes and rubs what ?	ski
10562	The man pours wax and we get instructions before he irons the wax on the ski .	who pours wax and we get instructions before he irons the wax on the ski ?	man
10563	The man scrapes the wax and brushes the ski .	who scrapes the wax and brushes the ski ?	man
10567	More dogs are seen chasing after the frisbees while the owner watches from behind .	what are seen chasing after the frisbees while the owner watches from behind ?	dogs
10568	A man jumps onto bars and starts swinging on them .	who jumps onto bars and starts swinging on them ?	man
10580	A boy falls on the ground , and other people continue skateboarding .	who falls on the ground , and other people continue skateboarding ?	boy
10582	After , a man gives the start to people who skateboard on the road until reach the finish line to receive their trophies .	who does after , give the start to people who skateboard on the road until reach the finish line to receive their trophies ?	man
10584	A woman smiles before sledding down a hill on an intertube .	who smiles before sledding down the hill on an intertube ?	woman
10592	Two men high five each other the men all trade sides .	how many men high five each other the men all trade sides ?	two
10594	A man kicks the ball to the other side .	who kicks the ball to the other side ?	man
10594	A man kicks the ball to the other side .	what does the man kick to the other side ?	ball
10595	A man jumps and spins in the air .	who jumps and spins in the air ?	man
10596	The man in gray daces as the other men jump around .	what is the color of the daces ?	gray
10598	The title card is shown and we fade out .	what is shown and we fade out ?	card
10599	A cameraman walks down a snowy driveway to capture a young child shoveling up snow .	who walks down the snowy driveway to capture a young child shoveling up snow ?	cameraman
10600	The boy speaks into the camera and continues pushing the snow around with a shovel .	who speaks into the camera and continues pushing the snow around with a shovel ?	boy
10601	A man jumps on parallel bars and does a gymnastics routine .	who jumps on parallel bars and does a gymnastics routine ?	man
10604	A gymnast is seen standing ready and waves one arm into the air .	who is seen standing ready and waves one arm into the air ?	gymnast
10607	Guys are playing hockey on an ice arena .	who are playing hockey on an ice arena ?	guys
10612	A gymnast is seen leaning over a long bar with a person standing next to her on the ground .	who is seen leaning over the long bar with a person standing next to her on the ground ?	gymnast
10613	The girl then hops herself up on the beam .	who then hops herself up on the beam ?	girl
10614	Finally the girl begins to swing down around .	who does finally begin to swing down around ?	girl
10617	A man in a wheelchair goes down a sidewalk on a cold winter day .	where does the man go down a sidewalk on a cold winter day . ?	wheelchair
10619	A man breaks up ice with a spade .	who breaks up ice with a spade ?	man
10620	A man shovels snow from a sidewalk into a tree lined planter .	who did the man shovels snow from a sidewalk into a tree line ?	planter
10621	Two people are seen holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball around in a small room .	how many people are seen holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball around in a small room ?	two
10621	Two people are seen holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball around in a small room .	where are two people seen holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball . ?	room
10623	A guy stands in the fields and lights a piece of paper .	who stands in the fields and lights a piece of paper ?	guy
10624	A guy tosses the piece of paper towards stack wood and then runs .	who tosses the piece of paper towards stack wood and then runs ?	guy
10626	The guy walks towards a man .	who walks towards the man ?	guy
10627	A camera pans all around an indoor gym and leads into clips of people pole volting over a bar .	what pans all around an indoor gym and leads into clips of people pole volting over a bar ?	camera
10631	three women wearing all black are standing holding a white hoola hoope on her hands .	who are wearing all black are standing holding a white hoola hoope on her hands ?	women
10631	three women wearing all black are standing holding a white hoola hoope on her hands .	how many women is wearing all black are standing holding a white hoola hoope on her hands ?	three
10631	three women wearing all black are standing holding a white hoola hoope on her hands .	what is the color of the women ?	black
10631	three women wearing all black are standing holding a white hoola hoope on her hands .	what is the color of the hoope ?	white
10632	a man is bending on the floor srronded by hoola hoops .	who is bending on the floor srronded by hoola hoops ?	man
10633	woman wearing black pants and white shirt starts dancing with a hoola hoop arond his neck .	who is wearing black pants and white shirt starts dancing with a hoola hoop arond his neck ?	woman
10634	women appears in a dark room with brilliant hoola hoops dancing and doing tricks , woman with yellow hair keeps dancing alone .	who appears in the dark room with brilliant hoola hoops dancing and doing tricks , woman with yellow hair keeps dancing alone ?	women
10634	women appears in a dark room with brilliant hoola hoops dancing and doing tricks , woman with yellow hair keeps dancing alone .	what is the color of the hair ?	yellow
10635	The man in black shirt is kneeling and reached for his back leg .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
10636	The man slightly moved forward .	who slightly moved forward ?	man
10637	The man paused forward while he is holding his ankle .	who paused forward while he is holding his ankle ?	man
10638	This man is water skiing and he does it sitting down and standing up , except he 's holding onto the handle bars backwards .	who is water skiing and he does it sitting down and standing up , except he 's holding onto the handle bars backwards ?	man
10641	A dog is jumping in the snow he is throwing .	what is jumping in the snow he is throwing ?	dog
10643	A man is seen acting crazy towards a camera while sitting at a poker table with another man .	who is seen acting crazy towards the camera while sitting at a poker table with another man ?	man
10644	The men stick their tongues out at the camera and the camera moves in on another table with people playing .	what do the men stick their tongues out at the camera and moves in on another table with people playing ?	camera
10646	A teen holds a violin and then plays on front of other teens that talk and laugh .	who holds the violin and then plays on front of other teens that talk and laugh ?	teen
10646	A teen holds a violin and then plays on front of other teens that talk and laugh .	what does the teen hold ?	violin
10648	Then people in the room applauds .	where does then people applaud . ?	room
10650	A janitor is shown rolling rugs , scraping gum , putting out signs , and mopping floors .	who is shown rolling rugs , scraping gum , putting out signs , and mopping floors ?	janitor
10651	He goes into a closet and picks out the cleaner he uses while he talks about it .	what does he pick out ?	cleaner
10655	Two women standing in the kitchen , one girl is wearing a black top and the other one is wearing a beige top .	who are standing in the kitchen , one girl is wearing a black top and the other one is wearing a beige top ?	women
10655	Two women standing in the kitchen , one girl is wearing a black top and the other one is wearing a beige top .	how many women is standing in the kitchen , one girl is wearing a black top ?	two
10655	Two women standing in the kitchen , one girl is wearing a black top and the other one is wearing a beige top .	what is the color of the top ?	black
10656	The woman in beige showed a sandwich on the kitchen counter , then started peeing the green cucumber using a peeler , then start slicing the cucumber .	what is the color of the cucumber ?	green
10657	A young child is seen walking forward with a stick in his hand and pushing a puck down a track .	who is seen walking forward with the stick in his hand and pushing a puck down a track ?	child
10659	The young boy continues to walk back and fourth .	who continues to walk back and fourth ?	boy
10660	A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by various ingredients laid out and him chopping up vegetables .	who is seen speaking to the camera followed by various ingredients laid out and him chopping up vegetables ?	man
10660	A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by various ingredients laid out and him chopping up vegetables .	what is the man seen and him chopping up ?	vegetables
10661	The man continues cutting and mixes the ingredients into a bowl .	who continues cutting and mixes the ingredients into a bowl ?	man
10661	The man continues cutting and mixes the ingredients into a bowl .	what does the man mix into a bowl ?	ingredients
10664	The woman continues brushing and shows clips of the dog running along a park .	who continues brushing and shows clips of the dog running along a park ?	woman
10665	Two adult men in helmets are teaching little boys how to play ice hockey .	who are two adult men in helmets teaching ?	boys
10665	Two adult men in helmets are teaching little boys how to play ice hockey .	how many adult men in helmets are teaching little boys how to play ice hockey ?	two
10666	The boys gather in a circle , hitting their sticks on the ground .	who gather in the circle , hitting their sticks on the ground ?	boys
10668	A woman in a white dress starts a lawn mower .	what does the woman in a white dress start ?	mower
10668	A woman in a white dress starts a lawn mower .	what is the color of the dress ?	white
10671	A man is seen standing on a field and begins swinging an object around and around .	who is seen standing on the field and begins swinging an object around and around ?	man
10674	A man is shown painting a wall with grey paint .	who is shown painting the wall with grey paint ?	man
10674	A man is shown painting a wall with grey paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	gray
10682	A bird appears to divebomb into the ocean .	what appears to divebomb into the ocean ?	bird
10683	Other surfers further out appear .	who further out appear ?	surfers
10684	A woman walks into the kitchen and turns the knobs on the oven .	who walks into the kitchen and turns the knobs on the oven ?	woman
10684	A woman walks into the kitchen and turns the knobs on the oven .	what does the woman turn on the oven ?	knobs
10685	A blender is then put on the counter and the lever is pulled down followed by a tea bag being placed in a cup .	what is then put on the counter and the lever is pulled down followed by a tea bag being placed in a cup ?	blender
10685	A blender is then put on the counter and the lever is pulled down followed by a tea bag being placed in a cup .	what is the blender then put on the counter and is pulled down followed by a tea bag being placed in a cup ?	lever
10686	The lady then moves to a counter and adds a piece of baking paper over two large racks .	who then moves to the counter and adds a piece of baking paper over two large racks ?	lady
10689	Its finally time for the cookies to be in put in the oven and she sets the timer on her phone so she wo n't burn them .	its finally time for the cookies to be in put in the oven and she sets what on her phone ?	timer
10691	A man speaks to the camera .	who speaks to the camera ?	man
10692	He rolls a big box into the room and proceeds to open a box where a bicycle sits inside .	what does he roll into the room ?	box
10695	He removes all of the boxes sitting around the bicycle and assembles the bike .	what does he assemble ?	bicycle
10697	He removes two pedals from bags and attaches both pedals onto the bicycle .	how many pedals does he remove from bags ?	two
10700	We see two people playing foosball .	how many people do we see playing foosball ?	two
10701	A man in a black shirt leave the room and turns before leaving .	what do the man in a black shirt leave ?	room
10701	A man in a black shirt leave the room and turns before leaving .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
10702	A man puts his face in front of the camera .	who puts his face in front of the camera ?	man
10703	A man wearing a grey t-shirt stands at a desk with a computer monitor displaying a timer .	who is wearing a grey t-shirt stands at a desk with a computer monitor displaying a timer ?	man
10703	A man wearing a grey t-shirt stands at a desk with a computer monitor displaying a timer .	what is the color of the stands ?	gray
10704	The man holds a Rubik 's Cube and starts the timer as he starts to solve the Rubik 's Cube .	who holds the rubik 's cube and starts the timer as he starts to solve the rubik 's cube ?	man
10704	The man holds a Rubik 's Cube and starts the timer as he starts to solve the Rubik 's Cube .	what does the man hold ?	cube
10704	The man holds a Rubik 's Cube and starts the timer as he starts to solve the Rubik 's Cube .	what does the man start ?	timer
10705	As the man completes the Rubik 's Cube he drops the puzzle and stops the timer at 26 seconds .	what does he stop at 26 seconds ?	timer
10706	A man in white uniform is standing at the kitchen counter .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
10707	The man pull out a knife and sharpener , he touched the edge of the knife .	who pull out the knife and sharpener , he touched the edge of the knife ?	man
10708	The man hold the metal knife sharpener and slowly sharpen the knife from side to side .	who hold the metal knife sharpener and slowly sharpen the knife from side to side ?	man
10708	The man hold the metal knife sharpener and slowly sharpen the knife from side to side .	what do the man hold ?	sharpener
10708	The man hold the metal knife sharpener and slowly sharpen the knife from side to side .	what do the man sharpen from side to side ?	knife
10709	The man use different types of tools to sharpen the knife such as machine and water stone .	who use different types of tools to sharpen the knife such as machine and water stone ?	man
10710	A man holds a saxophone , then he takes out the neck and blows the mouthpiece while talking .	who holds the saxophone , then he takes out the neck and blows the mouthpiece while talking ?	man
10710	A man holds a saxophone , then he takes out the neck and blows the mouthpiece while talking .	what does the man hold , then he takes out the neck and blows the mouthpiece while talking ?	saxophone
10711	Then , the man puts on the neck in the saxophone and shows the keys while talking .	then , who puts on the neck in the saxophone and shows the keys while talking ?	man
10711	Then , the man puts on the neck in the saxophone and shows the keys while talking .	what does then , the man show while talking ?	keys
10712	Then , the man plays the saxophone while explaining .	who does then , play the saxophone while explaining ?	man
10712	Then , the man plays the saxophone while explaining .	what does then , the man play while explaining ?	saxophone
10713	A man is playing with a dog on the grass .	who is playing with the dog on the grass ?	man
10715	The dog runs side to side and chases it .	what runs side to side and chases it ?	dog
10716	He grabs two other Frisbees and tosses them around while the dog jumps .	what does he grab ?	frisbees
10716	He grabs two other Frisbees and tosses them around while the dog jumps .	how many other frisbees does he grab ?	two
10718	The dog continues jumping side to side and running in all directions as they get thrown .	what continues jumping side to side and running in all directions as they get thrown ?	dog
10719	A man and an woman sip a blue liquid and rinse his mouth .	what is the color of the liquid ?	blue
10720	Then , the woman bend and throw the liquid while the man continues rinsing his mouth .	then , who bend and throw the liquid while the man continues rinsing his mouth ?	woman
10721	A woman is shown talking to the camera and leads into her beginning to paint a picture .	who is shown talking to the camera and leads into her beginning to paint a picture ?	woman
10724	Another man is seen standing ready on the other side in front of a large audience .	who is seen standing ready on the other side in front of a large audience ?	man
10725	The man then hits the ball over the net and bounces back on the other side .	who then hits the ball over the net and bounces back on the other side ?	man
10726	A girl is seen sitting in a chair with another person wiping her face and handing her a mirror to look in .	who is seen sitting in the chair with another person wiping her face and handing her a mirror to look in ?	girl
10727	He then pierces the girl 's cheeks and the camera zooms in on the girl 's face when he 's done .	who does he then pierce cheeks and the camera zooms in on the girl 's face when he 's done ?	girl
10727	He then pierces the girl 's cheeks and the camera zooms in on the girl 's face when he 's done .	what does he then pierce the girl 's cheeks and zooms in on the girl 's face when he 's done ?	camera
10728	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while standing in a shower and holding various objects .	who is seen speaking to the camera while standing in a shower and holding various objects ?	woman
10728	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while standing in a shower and holding various objects .	where is the woman seen speaking to the camera while standing and holding various objects . ?	shower
10729	The woman then rubs lotions all over her legs and begins shaving her legs and ending by speaking to the camera .	who then rubs lotions all over her legs and begins shaving her legs and ending by speaking to the camera ?	woman
10730	A man is seen speaking to the camera holding a basketball .	who is seen speaking to the camera holding a basketball ?	man
10731	The man then begins throwing the ball in the hoop several times .	who then begins throwing the ball in the hoop several times ?	man
10731	The man then begins throwing the ball in the hoop several times .	where does the man then begin throwing the ball several times . ?	hoop
10733	A young woman is seen speaking to the camera and transitions into her with her hair in front of her face .	who is seen speaking to the camera and transitions into her with her hair in front of her face ?	woman
10736	More women are seen running around the large field playing field hockey .	who are seen running around the large field playing field hockey ?	women
10737	The girls continue to play against one another and end by waling away .	who continue to play against one another and end by waling away ?	girls
10739	The camera continues to follow the boy around the yard while the mom lays in the grass and then the daughter swinging around .	what continues to follow the boy around the yard while the mom lays in the grass and then the daughter swinging around ?	camera
10740	The parents play with the kids more , give them a kiss , and the dad walks away with the daughter .	who play with the kids more , give them a kiss , and the dad walks away with the daughter ?	parents
10740	The parents play with the kids more , give them a kiss , and the dad walks away with the daughter .	who do the parents play with the kids more , , and walks away with the daughter ?	dad
10741	A street performer is sitting down on a crate and drumming on buckets and pans with drum sticks .	who is sitting down on the crate and drumming on buckets and pans with drum sticks ?	performer
10743	He replaces the bucket and starts over in his beat as a crowd gathers .	what does he replace ?	bucket
10744	He rearranges the buckets once again and continues drumming .	what does he rearrange once again ?	buckets
10745	A man is seen kneeling on a mat and demonstrating how to do a proper exercise but moving his arms and legs .	who is seen kneeling on the mat and demonstrating how to do a proper exercise but moving his arms and legs ?	man
10746	The man moves back and fourth while moving his arms and legs and speaking to the camera .	who moves back and fourth while moving his arms and legs and speaking to the camera ?	man
10747	The man is now sharpening the edges of a file then begins to scrape the skis , then finishes up by ironing it with different clothes between the iron and skis .	who is now sharpening the edges of a file then begins to scrape the skis , then finishes up by ironing it with different clothes between the iron and skis ?	man
10748	The outro screen appears and it 's the exact picture like the intro but the words now say `` Checkout our video Scraping & Brushing '' and it also includes the company logo .	what appears and it 's the exact picture like the intro but the words now say `` checkout our video scraping & brushing '' and it also includes the company logo ?	screen
10749	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while grabbing various bags and laying them out .	who is seen speaking to the camera while grabbing various bags and laying them out ?	woman
10752	A man plays the harmonica on front a microphone , then he ends and say goodbye .	who plays the harmonica on front a microphone , then he ends and say goodbye ?	man
10753	Then , a girl steps on the stage and speaks with the microphone .	then , who steps on the stage and speaks with the microphone ?	girl
10754	We see rafts and people in a building .	where do we see rafts and people . ?	building
10756	People grab rafts , and people on rafts fill a river .	what do people grab rafts , and people on rafts fill ?	river
10759	A man holding a selfie stick is riding a raft .	who is holding a selfie stick is riding a raft ?	man
10759	A man holding a selfie stick is riding a raft .	the man holding what is riding a raft ?	stick
10759	A man holding a selfie stick is riding a raft .	what is the man holding a selfie stick is riding ?	raft
10760	Another man holding a selfie stick .	who is holding a selfie stick ?	man
10762	A man talks to the camera while intermittently raking leaves .	who talks to the camera while intermittently raking leaves ?	man
10765	The boy shoots the arrow stretches and shoots more arrows .	who shoots the arrow stretches and shoots more arrows ?	boy
10766	We see the man shoot three arrows and see the target .	how many arrows do we see the man shoot and see the target ?	three
10767	We see the boy as he tries to shoot balloons on the target and misses them all .	who do we see ?	boy
10768	The boy walks away and we see lady shoot two arrows and turn and kiss her hand .	who walks away and we see lady shoot two arrows and turn and kiss her hand ?	boy
10768	The boy walks away and we see lady shoot two arrows and turn and kiss her hand .	how many arrows do we see lady shoot and turn and kiss her hand ?	two
10769	A jazz musicians is teaching how to play the saxophone .	who is teaching how to play the saxophone ?	musicians
10773	A young boy is seen smiling and laughing into the camera and beginning to play piano .	who is seen smiling and laughing into the camera and beginning to play piano ?	boy
10774	The boy plays furiously on the piano at a fast pace and leads into him wearing a different shirt and still playing .	who plays furiously on the piano at a fast pace and leads into him wearing a different shirt and still playing ?	boy
10776	A man lays a Coca Cola bottle on a bundle of hay .	who lays the coca cola bottle on a bundle of hay ?	man
10777	The man shots an arrow from a bow .	who shots an arrow from a bow ?	man
10778	The arrow uncaps the bottle .	what does the arrow uncaps ?	bottle
10780	The man ripped the top of the pineapple .	who ripped the top of the pineapple ?	man
10781	The man sliced the top off the pineapple .	who sliced the top off the pineapple ?	man
10782	The man cut the pineapple in half .	who cut the pineapple in half ?	man
10782	The man cut the pineapple in half .	what did the man cut in half ?	pineapple
10783	The man cut the skin off the pineapple .	who cut the skin off the pineapple ?	man
10784	Someone is placing a vent on the roof of a house .	what is someone placing on the roof of a house ?	vent
10785	They seal the vent with glue .	what do they seal with glue ?	vent
10786	Two boys are standing behind a table .	who are standing behind the table ?	boys
10786	Two boys are standing behind a table .	how many boys are standing behind the table ?	two
10788	They pour it into a pitcher of water and make a drink .	what do they make ?	drink
10789	They pour the drink into two glasses .	what do they pour into two glasses ?	drink
10791	Boys play indoor soccer while kicking the ball and passing it to playmates , then the referee enter to the center and gives instructions .	who do boys play indoor soccer , then enter to the center and gives instructions ?	referee
10792	Then , the referee puts the ball on the goal area and a boy kick the ball , but the goalkeeper stop the ball .	who does then , put the ball on the goal area and a boy kick the ball , but the goalkeeper stop the ball ?	referee
10793	The boys play shooting the ball to the goalkeeper stops the ball .	who play shooting the ball to the goalkeeper stops the ball ?	boys
10801	I man appears on the screen narrating the video about how to shave .	who appears on the screen narrating the video about how to shave ?	man
10802	A man is shown getting his skin moisturized and having shaving cream buffed onto his face .	who is shown getting his skin moisturized and having shaving cream buffed onto his face ?	man
10804	A woman is playing a set of bagpipes in a room .	who is playing the set of bagpipes in a room ?	woman
10807	He uses the tool to take off all of the nuts one by one .	what does he use ?	tool
10808	Then he grabs the tire off and moves it over and he puts on another tire .	what does then he grab off and he puts on another tire ?	tire
10811	A car enters the street where the teen skateboard .	what enters the street where the teen skateboard ?	car
10812	A youth wearing a pink t-shirt skateboard on the street .	who is wearing a pink t-shirt skateboard on the street ?	youth
10812	A youth wearing a pink t-shirt skateboard on the street .	the youth wearing what skateboard on the street ?	t-shirt
10813	The teen walks holding his skateboard .	who walks holding his skateboard ?	teen
10815	After , two teens walk in the street , and then they skateboard .	how many teens walk in the street ?	two
10815	After , two teens walk in the street , and then they skateboard .	where do after , two teens walk , and then they skateboard . ?	street
10816	Another man comes onto the stage playing the guitar and the lights go flashing .	who comes onto the stage playing the guitar and the lights go flashing ?	man
10817	The man with the beard releases the man on the rope and moves away .	who does the man with the beard release on the rope ?	man
10818	A man in a green hoodie balances on the rope while the man in the beard supports the man on the rope .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	green
10819	A Man in a grey shirt pushes off of a man wearing a black shirt and performs a back somersault and lands firmly on the leaf covered ground .	what does the man in a grey shirt push off of a man wearing ?	shirt
10819	A Man in a grey shirt pushes off of a man wearing a black shirt and performs a back somersault and lands firmly on the leaf covered ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
10819	A Man in a grey shirt pushes off of a man wearing a black shirt and performs a back somersault and lands firmly on the leaf covered ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
10820	A white intro screen appears with special effects and a lot of coloring that include words , numbers , and logos .	what appears with special effects and a lot of coloring that include words , numbers , and logos ?	screen
10820	A white intro screen appears with special effects and a lot of coloring that include words , numbers , and logos .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
10821	The same white screen from the beginning appears with special effects and lot of colored words then it fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
10821	The same white screen from the beginning appears with special effects and lot of colored words then it fades to black .	what is the color of the words ?	black
10823	A man in a white shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
10824	A girl then talks to the camera .	who then talks to the camera ?	girl
10825	Pink water bottles are in a box .	what are in the box ?	bottles
10825	Pink water bottles are in a box .	where are pink water bottles . ?	box
10827	A computer generated game of a man , he starts spinning .	what generated game of a man , he starts spinning ?	computer
10828	He turns around quickly and lets go of the frisbee and the refs run up to mark where it lands .	he turns around quickly and lets go of the frisbee and who run up to mark where it lands ?	refs
10829	The man starts to do it again , he spins and throws again .	who starts to do it again , he spins and throws again ?	man
10831	Some is carrying an instrument case walking around outside , they put the case down on the ground and take out a violin .	what is some carrying walking around outside , they put the case down on the ground and take out a violin ?	case
10832	The woman plays the violin everywhere she goes and she dances while she plays too .	who plays the violin everywhere she goes and she dances while she plays too ?	woman
10832	The woman plays the violin everywhere she goes and she dances while she plays too .	what does the woman play ?	violin
10835	A woman plays flute sit on a piano while moving her feet .	who plays flute sit on a piano while moving her feet ?	woman
10836	The woman finish playing bow and smiles .	who finish playing bow and smiles ?	woman
10837	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and pouring out liquids into a case .	who is seen speaking to the camera and pouring out liquids into a case ?	woman
10841	Suddenly , the boat turn over and all men fall in the water .	what do suddenly , turn over and all men fall in the water ?	boat
10843	After , persons in a boat rescue a man in the water and recover the boat .	what do after , persons in a boat recover ?	boat
10844	two men stand in the shore next to a ladder .	how many men stand in the shore next to a ladder ?	two
10845	Rafters are still in the water waiting .	what are still in the water waiting ?	rafters
10846	People play beer pong while other persons watch .	what do people play ?	pong
10848	Then , a man throw a ball inside a cup , and a person drink the liquid in the cup .	who do then , throw the ball inside a cup , and a person drink the liquid in the cup ?	man
10848	Then , a man throw a ball inside a cup , and a person drink the liquid in the cup .	where do then , the man throw a ball inside a cup , and a person drink the liquid . ?	cup
10849	A man throw a ball inside a cup and people congratulates and hug the man .	who throw the ball inside a cup and people congratulates and hug the man ?	man
10851	The man continues speaking to the camera while another is being tattooed in the background and continues speaking to the camera .	who continues speaking to the camera while another is being tattooed in the background and continues speaking to the camera ?	man
10852	We see a blue title card .	what do we see ?	card
10852	We see a blue title card .	what is the color of the card ?	blue
10853	A man and a woman begin dancing in a ballroom .	where do the man and a woman begin dancing . ?	ballroom
10854	They pause and the lady sweeps her leg .	who do they pause and sweeps her leg ?	lady
10855	The man dips the lady .	who dips the lady ?	man
10855	The man dips the lady .	who does the man dip ?	lady
10856	The lady slides to the ground .	who slides to the ground ?	lady
10857	The lady does the splits .	who does the splits ?	lady
10858	The man lifts the lady in the air .	who lifts the lady in the air ?	man
10860	We see the blue ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
10860	We see the blue ending screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
10861	A man is seen dancing in a nightclub with two women around him .	who is seen dancing in the nightclub with two women around him ?	man
10864	A person paint nails to a woman using purple nail polish .	what is the color of the polish ?	purple
10865	A woman is looking down .	who is looking down ?	woman
10866	A woman is seen sitting in a chair speaking and waving to the camera and looks into a mirror showing her and the camera man .	who is seen sitting in the chair speaking and waving to the camera and looks into a mirror showing her and the camera man ?	woman
10867	A tattoo artist then steps into frame and begins tattooing a symbol on the girl 's neck .	who then steps into frame and begins tattooing a symbol on the girl 's neck ?	artist
10871	A woman wearing a santa hat is talking .	who is wearing a santa hat is talking ?	woman
10871	A woman wearing a santa hat is talking .	the woman wearing what is talking ?	hat
10873	She puts ribbon around the tree .	what does she put around the tree ?	ribbon
10874	She strings decorations around the tree .	what did she string around the tree ?	decorations
10877	She puts candy canes on the tree .	what does she put on the tree ?	canes
10879	The star falls off the tree .	what falls off the tree ?	star
10879	The star falls off the tree .	what does the star fall off ?	tree
10883	She then takes two sections and intertwines them , and grabs more lengths of hair as she goes down the braid .	how many sections does she then take ?	two
10890	A camera pans all around a sky showing kites in the air .	what pans all around a sky showing kites in the air ?	camera
10893	A young girl is seen standing before a set of monkey bars and smiling while speaking to the camera .	who is seen standing before the set of monkey bars and smiling while speaking to the camera ?	girl
10895	She makes her way back to the start and climbs down the ladder finally looking at the camera .	what does she climb down finally looking at the camera ?	ladder
10896	A woman talks on front the blinds .	who talks on front the blinds ?	woman
10897	Then , the woman plays four tam-tams , she mainly plays the tam-tam on front her .	how many tam-tams does then , the woman play , she mainly plays the tam-tam on front her ?	four
10898	Then , the woman stops playing and smile .	who does then , stop playing and smile ?	woman
10902	A man is walking in a field .	who is walking in the field ?	man
10908	He puts onions and other ingredients onto a plate and cuts up several more ingredients .	what does he cut up ?	ingredients
10909	He places the final ingredients into the bowl while talking to the camera and pans out on the meal he made .	what does he place into the bowl while talking to the camera he made ?	ingredients
10910	Two male kids are outside on a driveway talking to one another .	who are outside on the driveway talking to one another ?	kids
10910	Two male kids are outside on a driveway talking to one another .	how many male kids are outside on the driveway talking to one another ?	two
10912	The two boys arrive at their destination stop and talk then one takes off and the other boy follows him and they keep rollerblading .	who arrive at their destination stop and talk then one takes off and the other boy follows him and they keep rollerblading ?	boys
10912	The two boys arrive at their destination stop and talk then one takes off and the other boy follows him and they keep rollerblading .	how many boys arrive at their destination stop and talk then one takes off and the other boy follows him and they keep rollerblading ?	two
10914	A stylist is standing beside a girl seated in his chair .	who is standing beside the girl seated in his chair ?	stylist
10916	He uses a dryer to blow her hair , then clips it .	what does he use ?	dryer
10917	A man is seen walking into frame bending down to grab a set of weights and begins to lift himself upward .	who is seen walking into frame bending down to grab a set of weights and begins to lift himself upward ?	man
10919	A man carves a pumpkin and a piece of ice , then the man holds a carved pumpkin and put it on a bench .	who carves the pumpkin and a piece of ice , then the man holds a carved pumpkin and put it on a bench ?	man
10919	A man carves a pumpkin and a piece of ice , then the man holds a carved pumpkin and put it on a bench .	who does the man carve a pumpkin and a piece of ice , then holds a carved pumpkin and put it on a bench ?	man
10919	A man carves a pumpkin and a piece of ice , then the man holds a carved pumpkin and put it on a bench .	what does the man carve a pumpkin and a piece of ice , then the man holds and put it on a bench ?	pumpkin
10920	A young man takes pictures of artistic ice sculptures , while a person carves a piece of ice in the street .	who takes pictures of artistic ice sculptures , while a person carves a piece of ice in the street ?	man
10921	The man shows how to carve a pumpkin using carving tools to make faces .	who shows how to carve the pumpkin using carving tools to make faces ?	man
10922	The carved pumpkins with scary faces and an ice sculptures are displayed in a room .	where are the carved pumpkins with scary faces and an ice sculptures displayed . ?	room
10927	The individual walks towards another individual wearing a red jacket .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
10928	The individual hands the rein for the device to the person in the red jacket and sits on the device .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
10929	The person in the red jacket pulls the device downhill and the first individual rides down the slope .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
10932	A field of two teams are shown fighting over a lacrosse ball in the middle of a large green field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
10934	A woman is seen standing next to a frozen car while looking away from the camera .	who is seen standing next to the frozen car while looking away from the camera ?	woman
10935	The woman then begins using a scraper to scrape off the sides .	who then begins using the scraper to scrape off the sides ?	woman
10936	The woman continues scraping the car and looking off into the distance .	who continues scraping the car and looking off into the distance ?	woman
10938	A man is standing in a backyard speaking .	who is standing in the backyard speaking ?	man
10939	He picks up several window screens while he talks about them .	what does he pick up ?	screens
10942	The conductor conducts the band .	who conducts the band ?	conductor
10944	A young man is seen speaking to the camera and begins holding a cigarette .	who is seen speaking to the camera and begins holding a cigarette ?	man
10945	The man takes a puff from the cigarette while still speaking to the camera .	who takes the puff from the cigarette while still speaking to the camera ?	man
10946	The man continues smoking while looking off and speaking to the camera .	who continues smoking while looking off and speaking to the camera ?	man
10947	A title screen leads into two women stepping up and down on a block .	what leads into two women stepping up and down on a block ?	screen
10950	Two teams are on a field with referees .	how many teams are on the field with referees ?	two
10953	An older man is seen standing before two pucks while another person pushes them along the ice .	who is seen standing before two pucks while another person pushes them along the ice ?	man
10954	The man bends down several times and then glides along the ice with the pucks .	who bends down several times and then glides along the ice with the pucks ?	man
10957	The camera shows the board in the end and the man throwing it .	what shows the board in the end and the man throwing it ?	camera
10959	Sometimes they fall , but often the surfers do a great job .	who do sometimes they fall , but often do a great job ?	surfers
10960	A woman sits on a riding lawnmower in the distance .	who sits on the riding lawnmower in the distance ?	woman
10961	The woman drives the lawnmower towards the camera .	who drives the lawnmower towards the camera ?	woman
10962	The woman begins to turn the mower at a fence corner .	who begins to turn the mower at a fence corner ?	woman
10966	A person uses a flat equipment to remove melted steel debris .	what does the person use ?	equipment
10967	The person places two dumbbell shaped steel in opening that he is welding .	how many dumbbell shaped steel does the person place in opening that he is welding ?	two
10968	A person uses a flat equipment to clean the welded opening .	what does the person use ?	equipment
10969	A person uses a flat equipment to move the dumbbell shaped steels and then removes them with his hand .	what does the person use ?	equipment
10971	A woman hands from a red bar and does several arm pull ups .	who hands from the red bar and does several arm pull ups ?	woman
10971	A woman hands from a red bar and does several arm pull ups .	what is the color of the bar ?	red
10974	A person is seen blow leaves around a yard using a leaf blower sitting on his back .	what is the person seen blow around a yard using a leaf blower sitting on his back ?	leaves
10975	The camera follows him as the man moves up and down the yard blowing leaves all around the area .	what follows him as the man moves up and down the yard blowing leaves all around the area ?	camera
10976	A man is sitting on a cycle bike working out .	who is sitting on the cycle bike working out ?	man
10977	A man is standing up next to him talking .	who is standing up next to him talking ?	man
10981	A man is spraying the paste on the roof , a male is handing off the pieces , and a guy is adding the pieces to the pasted area on the roof .	who is spraying the paste on the roof , a male is handing off the pieces , and a guy is adding the pieces to the pasted area on the roof ?	man
10981	A man is spraying the paste on the roof , a male is handing off the pieces , and a guy is adding the pieces to the pasted area on the roof .	who is the man spraying the paste on the roof , a male is handing off the pieces , and is adding the pieces to the pasted area on the roof ?	guy
10981	A man is spraying the paste on the roof , a male is handing off the pieces , and a guy is adding the pieces to the pasted area on the roof .	what is the man spraying the paste on the roof , a male is handing off the pieces , and a guy is adding to the pasted area on the roof ?	pieces
10984	A drummer is drumming , then the stick broke .	who is drumming , then the stick broke ?	drummer
10984	A drummer is drumming , then the stick broke .	what is the drummer drumming , then broke ?	stick
10985	A boy in blue shirt hit the drum , but the big drum keeps moving , then it fell .	what did the boy in blue shirt hit , but the big drum keeps moving , then it fell ?	drum
10985	A boy in blue shirt hit the drum , but the big drum keeps moving , then it fell .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
10986	A boy with earphones is drumming and the stick got stuck in the instrument .	what is the boy with earphones drumming and got stuck in the instrument ?	stick
10986	A boy with earphones is drumming and the stick got stuck in the instrument .	where is the boy with earphones drumming and the stick got stuck . ?	instrument
10994	The lady holds up papers and books .	who holds up papers and books ?	lady
10995	The guy claps and cheers .	who claps and cheers ?	guy
10996	The lady plays a flute while looking down a the notes on the papers .	who plays the flute while looking down a the notes on the papers ?	lady
10996	The lady plays a flute while looking down a the notes on the papers .	what does the lady play while looking down a the notes on the papers ?	flute
10997	The lady stops playing the flute and presents it .	who stops playing the flute and presents it ?	lady
10998	The guy plays a harmonica .	who plays the harmonica ?	guy
10998	The guy plays a harmonica .	what does the guy play ?	harmonica
10999	The guy looks angry , and the lady look apologetic .	who looks angry , and the lady look apologetic ?	guy
10999	The guy looks angry , and the lady look apologetic .	who does the guy look angry , and look apologetic ?	lady
11000	The guy puts his head down .	who puts his head down ?	guy
11002	The guy takes the flute from the lady and pretends to hit her on her chin .	who takes the flute from the lady and pretends to hit her on her chin ?	guy
11003	A woman is standing in the sunlight , posing and modeling for the camera .	who is standing in the sunlight , posing and modeling for the camera ?	woman
11005	A man is seen standing with his arms up and then begins a gymnasts routine .	who is seen standing with his arms up and then begins a gymnasts routine ?	man
11006	The man continues swinging around on the uneven bars and jumping off to finish .	who continues swinging around on the uneven bars and jumping off to finish ?	man
11007	The man walks away while his score is shown and his routine is shown again in slow motion .	who walks away while his score is shown and his routine is shown again in slow motion ?	man
11008	A man talks stand on front a fence of a backyard .	who stand on front a fence of a backyard ?	talks
11009	Then , the man talks a person in a paint shop , and the person shows him tools in a showcase .	who does then , talk the person in a paint shop , and the person shows him tools in a showcase ?	man
11009	Then , the man talks a person in a paint shop , and the person shows him tools in a showcase .	where does then , the man talk a person , and the person shows him tools in a showcase . ?	shop
11010	After , the man shows the buttons of the painting machine in the backyard .	who does after , show the buttons of the painting machine in the backyard ?	man
11011	After , the man puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers a rail .	after , who puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers a rail ?	man
11011	After , the man puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers a rail .	what does after , the man put on the side of the fence ?	tape
11011	After , the man puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers a rail .	what does after , the man cover ?	rail
11011	After , the man puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers a rail .	what is the color of the tape ?	blue
11012	Then , the man paint the fence with the hose of the machine while wearing a mask .	who do then , paint the fence with the hose of the machine while wearing a mask ?	man
11012	Then , the man paint the fence with the hose of the machine while wearing a mask .	what do then , the man paint with the hose of the machine ?	fence
11013	The man continues explaining on front the machine and buckets of paint .	who continues explaining on front the machine and buckets of paint ?	man
11015	In the middle of the circle , a woman is hitting a pinata wrapped in blue wall paper .	who is in the middle of the circle , hitting a pinata wrapped in blue wall paper ?	woman
11015	In the middle of the circle , a woman is hitting a pinata wrapped in blue wall paper .	what is in the middle of the circle , a woman hitting wrapped in blue wall paper ?	pinata
11015	In the middle of the circle , a woman is hitting a pinata wrapped in blue wall paper .	what is the color of the paper ?	blue
11016	little kid is jumping on dry leaves .	who is jumping on dry leaves ?	kid
11017	woman is raking dry leaves on a yard .	who is raking dry leaves on a yard ?	woman
11017	woman is raking dry leaves on a yard .	what is woman raking on a yard ?	leaves
11018	kid kneels and grabs a dry leaf to put it in the trash bin .	who kneels and grabs the dry leaf to put it in the trash bin ?	kid
11018	kid kneels and grabs a dry leaf to put it in the trash bin .	what does kid kneel and grabs ?	leaf
11022	A lady plays with her hair .	who plays with her hair ?	lady
11023	The lady brushes her hair .	who brushes her hair ?	lady
11024	The lady brushes the bottom of her hair by stretching her arm upwards she brushes the top then the ends and finishes .	who is brushes the bottom of her hair by stretching her arm upwards she brushes the top then the ends and finishes ?	lady
11026	bullfighters are holding red cloth nad running to a bull .	who are holding red cloth nad running to a bull ?	bullfighters
11026	bullfighters are holding red cloth nad running to a bull .	what are bullfighters holding running to a bull ?	nad
11026	bullfighters are holding red cloth nad running to a bull .	what is the color of the nad ?	red
11028	A table of food is shown and the person recording grabs a cookie and leaves the room .	what is the table of food shown and grabs a cookie and leaves the room ?	recording
11028	A table of food is shown and the person recording grabs a cookie and leaves the room .	what is the table of food shown and the person recording grabs and leaves the room ?	cookie
11028	A table of food is shown and the person recording grabs a cookie and leaves the room .	what is the table of food shown and the person recording grabs a cookie and leaves ?	room
11030	A woman is shown in wal-mart , laughing and choosing earrings from a rack .	who is shown in wal-mart , laughing and choosing earrings from a rack ?	woman
11031	She sits in a chair , and an employee shoots an earring into her lobe with a piercing gun .	who does she sit in a chair , and shoots an earring into her lobe with a piercing gun ?	employee
11031	She sits in a chair , and an employee shoots an earring into her lobe with a piercing gun .	what does she sit in a chair , and an employee shoots into her lobe with a piercing gun ?	earring
11031	She sits in a chair , and an employee shoots an earring into her lobe with a piercing gun .	where does she sit , and an employee shoots an earring into her lobe with a piercing gun . ?	chair
11033	We see three separate intro screens .	what do we see ?	screens
11033	We see three separate intro screens .	how many separate intro screens do we see ?	three
11035	A man shoots a shot at hockey and makes it and we see a slow motion recap .	who shoots the shot at hockey and makes it and we see a slow motion recap ?	man
11036	The man takes another shot and makes it and we see a recap of that as well .	who takes another shot and makes it and we see a recap of that as well ?	man
11038	A guy is operating a electric presser .	who is operating the electric presser ?	guy
11039	A man is whipping with a dark rug .	who is whipping with the dark rug ?	man
11040	The guy is gesturing at the machine 's work .	who is gesturing at the machine 's work ?	guy
11041	A group of boys play water catch with a yellow ball in an outdoor pool surrounded by a fence and tall trees and foliage .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
11042	The ball is thrown back into the pool and the boys proceed to throw it back out again .	what is thrown back into the pool and the boys proceed to throw it back out again ?	ball
11042	The ball is thrown back into the pool and the boys proceed to throw it back out again .	who is the ball thrown back into the pool and proceed to throw it back out again ?	boys
11044	The ingredients are now shown being poured into a large clear bowl getting mixed up with a hand mixer , and instructions occasionally pop up on the screen .	what are now shown being poured into the large clear bowl getting mixed up with a hand mixer , and instructions occasionally pop up on the screen ?	ingredients
11046	The cooked products are then shown on white plates with a cup of coffee and the person picks it up and bites it .	what are then shown on white plates with a cup of coffee and the person picks it up and bites it ?	products
11046	The cooked products are then shown on white plates with a cup of coffee and the person picks it up and bites it .	what is the color of the plates ?	white
11047	The last screen is a youtube promotion of the person 's channel that has 2 small videos you can click on , and wording encouraging you to subscribe .	what is the youtube promotion of the person 's channel that has 2 small videos you can click on , and wording encouraging you to subscribe ?	screen
11047	The last screen is a youtube promotion of the person 's channel that has 2 small videos you can click on , and wording encouraging you to subscribe .	that is the last screen a youtube promotion of the person 's channel has how many small videos you can click on ?	two
11049	the man stops dancing and keep doing the choreography .	who stops dancing and keep doing the choreography ?	man
11050	man wearing red shorts and grey shirt leading the choreography in front of the people in the room .	who is wearing red shorts and grey shirt leading the choreography in front of the people in the room ?	man
11050	man wearing red shorts and grey shirt leading the choreography in front of the people in the room .	what is the color of the shorts ?	red
11050	man wearing red shorts and grey shirt leading the choreography in front of the people in the room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
11051	A window on a car is tolled down and a shirtless man walks to the are .	who is the window on a car tolled down and walks to the are ?	man
11054	A man shakes his wet hair .	who shakes his wet hair ?	man
11055	A man washes another man 's butt .	who washes another man 's butt ?	man
11055	A man washes another man 's butt .	who does the man wash butt ?	man
11055	A man washes another man 's butt .	what does the man wash ?	butt
11056	A man wipes the water back and looks at the camera .	who wipes the water back and looks at the camera ?	man
11058	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
11059	Two sumo wrestlers stand in an arena .	who stand in an arena ?	wrestlers
11059	Two sumo wrestlers stand in an arena .	how many sumo wrestlers stand in an arena ?	two
11061	The winner stands tall on the arena .	who stands tall on the arena ?	winner
11066	A man plays many games of shuffleboard in a room occupied by other people and many other shuffle boards .	who plays many games of shuffleboard in a room occupied by other people and many other shuffle boards ?	man
11068	The man puts paper towels over his eyes and under his glasses to absorb sweat from the intensity of the shuffleboard game .	who puts paper towels over his eyes and under his glasses to absorb sweat from the intensity of the shuffleboard game ?	man
11068	The man puts paper towels over his eyes and under his glasses to absorb sweat from the intensity of the shuffleboard game .	what does the man put over his eyes and under his glasses to absorb sweat from the intensity of the shuffleboard game ?	towels
11069	The man continues to play shuffleboard with a few onlookers in a room with a final visual shot of all but one of the pucks off of the shuffleboard .	who continues to play shuffleboard with the few onlookers in a room with a final visual shot of all but one of the pucks off of the shuffleboard ?	man
11070	A woman wearing scuba diving gear is under the water .	who is wearing scuba diving gear is under the water ?	woman
11070	A woman wearing scuba diving gear is under the water .	the woman wearing what is under the water ?	gear
11071	She explores the ocean floor , looking at the fish and wildlife as a man swims behind her .	what does she explore , ?	floor
11073	An athletic woman is shown jumping in slow motion over a pole , followed by several more women attempting the same jump .	who is shown jumping in slow motion over a pole , followed by several more women attempting the same jump ?	woman
11074	Several more women follow behind performing the jump while the camera captures them in slow motion .	who follow behind performing the jump while the camera captures them in slow motion ?	women
11076	There is only one man who juggles white balls in his hands while jogging backwards throughout the whole thing .	how many man is there who juggles white balls in his hands while jogging backwards throughout the whole thing ?	one
11076	There is only one man who juggles white balls in his hands while jogging backwards throughout the whole thing .	what is the color of the balls ?	white
11078	A man is outside trying to shovel off snow off of their windshield .	who is outside trying to shovel off snow off of their windshield ?	man
11079	The man then goes inside and starts talking .	who then goes inside and starts talking ?	man
11082	A kite is shown in the sky by a tree .	what is shown in the sky by a tree ?	kite
11083	A boy chases after the kite and catches is .	who chases after the kite and catches is ?	boy
11084	Various pictures show people bring canoes off a truck and loading them into the water .	what show people bring canoes off a truck and loading them into the water ?	pictures
11086	The barefoot man serve the ball but missed it .	who serve the ball but missed it ?	man
11086	The barefoot man serve the ball but missed it .	what do the barefoot man serve ?	ball
11087	The man served the ball and hit the wall but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it .	who served the ball and hit the wall but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it ?	man
11087	The man served the ball and hit the wall but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it .	what did the man serve but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it ?	ball
11087	The man served the ball and hit the wall but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it .	what did the man hit but it just bounced so low that the man ca n't hit it ?	wall
11088	The man chase after the ball picke it up and hit , then a shirtless man came up to him and teach him how to serve the ball .	the man chase after the ball picke it up and hit , then who came up to him and teach him how to serve the ball ?	man
11089	A woman is smiling at the camera .	who is smiling at the camera ?	woman
11090	The woman takes an iron and starts ironing a white shirt in small circular patterns .	who takes an iron and starts ironing a white shirt in small circular patterns ?	woman
11090	The woman takes an iron and starts ironing a white shirt in small circular patterns .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
11091	The woman uses both hands to push the iron .	who uses both hands to push the iron ?	woman
11093	The woman inspects the star on the shirt .	who inspects the star on the shirt ?	woman
11094	The woman then resumes ironing the pattern .	who then resumes ironing the pattern ?	woman
11095	The woman peels the paper away from the pattern and then resumes ironing .	who peels the paper away from the pattern and then resumes ironing ?	woman
11096	The woman holds up the the shirt after she is done .	who holds up the the shirt after she is done ?	woman
11096	The woman holds up the the shirt after she is done .	what does the woman hold up ?	shirt
11097	A boy speaks to a camera while holding a lacrosse stick and hitting balls into a net .	who speaks to the camera while holding a lacrosse stick and hitting balls into a net ?	boy
11098	The boy throws several balls into the net over and over again hitting directly into the net .	who throws several balls into the net over and over again hitting directly into the net ?	boy
11098	The boy throws several balls into the net over and over again hitting directly into the net .	what does the boy throw into the net over and over again hitting directly into the net ?	balls
11099	A man is sitting on a couch , drinking a beer from a bottle .	who is sitting on the couch , drinking a beer from a bottle ?	man
11100	He drops the bottle from his mouth , smiling .	what does he drop from his mouth , ?	bottle
11102	Two people begin fighting in the circle .	how many people begin fighting in the circle ?	two
11103	A man is doing flips outside on the grass .	who is doing flips outside on the grass ?	man
11105	A man is standing outside talking in front of a street .	who is standing outside talking in front of a street ?	man
11106	A man does several back flips on the grass .	who does several back flips on the grass ?	man
11107	A woman stands talking to the camera , with a dog in front of her .	who stands talking to the camera , with a dog in front of her ?	woman
11108	The woman holds the dog 's front leg as she talks .	who holds the dog 's front leg as she talks ?	woman
11108	The woman holds the dog 's front leg as she talks .	what does the woman hold front leg ?	dog
11109	The woman brushes the dog with a blue brush .	who brushes the dog with a blue brush ?	woman
11109	The woman brushes the dog with a blue brush .	what did the woman brush with a blue brush ?	dog
11109	The woman brushes the dog with a blue brush .	what is the color of the brush ?	blue
11111	A woman is standing in an office in front of a basket filled with small gifts .	who is standing in an office in front of a basket filled with small gifts ?	woman
11112	She shows how she used cellophane and a hair dryer to shrink wrap the gifts in the basket and keep the safe and presentable .	where does she show how she used cellophane and a hair dryer to shrink wrap the gifts and keep the safe and presentable . ?	basket
11114	The wake boarder jumps over the wake of the boat and does flips .	who jumps over the wake of the boat and does flips ?	boarder
11115	The wake boarder does a final jump and falls into the water .	who does the final jump and falls into the water ?	boarder
11117	A girl in a blue blouse walks and poses in the sand .	what is the color of the blouse ?	blue
11117	A girl in a blue blouse walks and poses in the sand .	where does the girl walk and poses in the sand . ?	blouse
11118	A man wearing a safari hat leads a group of camels with riders in a single file .	who is wearing a safari hat leads a group of camels with riders in a single file ?	man
11118	A man wearing a safari hat leads a group of camels with riders in a single file .	the man wearing what leads a group of camels with riders in a single file ?	hat
11119	The camera pans a close up of the camels lying in the sand with their riding saddles on .	what pans the close up of the camels lying in the sand with their riding saddles on ?	camera
11121	The camel caravan arrives to a camp on the beach .	what arrives to the camp on the beach ?	caravan
11123	The camera zooms in on the pit and shows a man kneeling own in front .	what zooms in on the pit and shows a man kneeling own in front ?	camera
11123	The camera zooms in on the pit and shows a man kneeling own in front .	who does the camera show kneeling own in front ?	man
11124	The man lays plaster out on the front and begins putting tiling down over the plaster .	who lays plaster out on the front and begins putting tiling down over the plaster ?	man
11130	A person is seen walking forward and jumping up and down and diving in a pool .	where is the person seen walking forward and jumping up and down and diving . ?	pool
11133	She lists out the tools you need and steps to brush .	what does she list out ?	tools
11134	A man opens a bottle and puts toothpaste on it .	who opens the bottle and puts toothpaste on it ?	man
11134	A man opens a bottle and puts toothpaste on it .	what does the man open ?	bottle
11134	A man opens a bottle and puts toothpaste on it .	what does the man put on it ?	toothpaste
11136	The man rinses his mouth out with water and smiles with the woman 's voice .	who rinses his mouth out with water and smiles with the woman 's voice ?	man
11137	A man talks in a blue room then sprays a toy car and pretends to wash it .	the man talks in a blue room then sprays what ?	car
11137	A man talks in a blue room then sprays a toy car and pretends to wash it .	what is the color of the room ?	blue
11139	A man and a small boy with high powered hoses wash cars followed by cheerleaders .	what do the man and a small boy with high powered hoses wash followed by cheerleaders ?	cars
11140	We see a black van with people getting out and a man in a top hat touch the car .	what do we see a black van with people getting out and a man in a top hat touch ?	car
11140	We see a black van with people getting out and a man in a top hat touch the car .	what is the color of the van ?	black
11141	The people get in the black van and drive away adn teh car owners stand on the street .	what is the color of the van ?	black
11143	A man is smoking a pipe and blowing smoke rings .	who is smoking the pipe and blowing smoke rings ?	man
11143	A man is smoking a pipe and blowing smoke rings .	what is the man smoking and blowing smoke rings ?	pipe
11143	A man is smoking a pipe and blowing smoke rings .	what is the man smoking a pipe and blowing ?	rings
11144	The man uses profanity and flips the camera off .	who uses profanity and flips the camera off ?	man
11144	The man uses profanity and flips the camera off .	what does the man flip off ?	camera
11145	Another man is standing by watching him .	who is standing by watching him ?	man
11147	A man is seen in the corner moving back and fourth on exercise equipment .	who is seen in the corner moving back and fourth on exercise equipment ?	man
11148	A woman then speaks to the man as he continues rowing and showing a close up of the machine .	who then speaks to the man as he continues rowing and showing a close up of the machine ?	woman
11149	A man walks up with a mop and bucket .	who walks up with the mop and bucket ?	man
11152	A man in a blue shirt is playing basketball on a court .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
11154	A person in a white shirt is standing behind them on a tennis court .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
11155	A young boy attempts to break open a pinata at his birthday party inside a garage .	who attempts to break open the pinata at his birthday party inside a garage ?	boy
11156	Another boy nearly walks into the range of the boy 's stick but is saved by an adult .	who nearly walks into the range of the boy 's stick but is saved by an adult ?	boy
11157	The boy continues bashing the pinata before taking a break and handing the stick to another boy .	who continues bashing the pinata before taking a break and handing the stick to another boy ?	boy
11158	A brunette woman is sitting in a bubble bath with one leg out shaving it with a pink razor .	who is sitting in the bubble bath with one leg out shaving it with a pink razor ?	woman
11159	The woman goes up one stroke of the razor and begins again .	who goes up one stroke of the razor and begins again ?	woman
11159	The woman goes up one stroke of the razor and begins again .	how many stroke does the woman go up of the razor ?	one
11161	In a blue room two men are using tools and fixing up the carpet .	what are in the blue room two men using and fixing up the carpet ?	tools
11161	In a blue room two men are using tools and fixing up the carpet .	what are in the blue room two men using tools and fixing up ?	carpet
11161	In a blue room two men are using tools and fixing up the carpet .	how many men are in the blue room using tools and fixing up the carpet ?	two
11161	In a blue room two men are using tools and fixing up the carpet .	what is the color of the room ?	blue
11162	It seems like they just put in new carpet and now they are making sure it is held down correctly .	where does it seem like they just put and now they are making sure it is held down correctly . ?	carpet
11167	The buck stops and looks left , then right .	what stops and looks left , then right ?	buck
11168	The buck is drinking from a puddle the runs off startled .	what is drinking from the puddle the runs off startled ?	buck
11169	The buck stands in the clearing .	what stands in the clearing ?	buck
11170	A man is working with a bow while another films the animal .	who is working with the bow while another films the animal ?	man
11171	The hunter shoots the animal with a bow and it dies slowly .	who shoots the animal with a bow and it dies slowly ?	hunter
11172	The hunter is photographed with the dead animal .	who is photographed with the dead animal ?	hunter
11174	The camera pans around several tables of games being played as well as slot machines and people playing with one another .	what pans around several tables of games being played as well as slot machines and people playing with one another ?	camera
11175	A girl with braided hair asks a worker at an equestrian center some questions .	who does the girl with braided hair ask at an equestrian center some questions ?	worker
11176	The woman responds and talks about horse care .	who responds and talks about horse care ?	woman
11177	The girl brushes the horse 's mane .	who brushes the horse 's mane ?	girl
11177	The girl brushes the horse 's mane .	what does the girl brush mane ?	horse
11177	The girl brushes the horse 's mane .	what does the girl brush ?	mane
11180	The woman brushes the horses tail is lots of care as the girl watches .	who brushes the horses tail is lots of care as the girl watches ?	woman
11181	man is sitting on a boat in a calm lake .	who is sitting on the boat in a calm lake ?	man
11182	car is being driven in a highway with cars standing on the sides .	what is being driven in the highway with cars standing on the sides ?	car
11182	car is being driven in a highway with cars standing on the sides .	where is car being driven . ?	highway
11183	photo of a iver is shown and he car going through the haighway and arriving to a lake .	what is photo of a iver shown and ?	car
11184	people are in boat paddling in the river and arriving to a camp on pier .	where are people paddling in the river and arriving to a camp on pier . ?	boat
11185	A woman is sitting on a rowing machine .	who is sitting on the rowing machine ?	woman
11186	The woman places her feet into the straps of the rowing machine .	who places her feet into the straps of the rowing machine ?	woman
11187	The woman holds onto the rowing cables and rows .	who holds onto the rowing cables and rows ?	woman
11188	The woman stops and demonstrates the motor area of the machine .	who stops and demonstrates the motor area of the machine ?	woman
11189	Back sitting on the rowing machine , she rows one more time and places the cables down .	how many more time is back sitting on the rowing machine , she rows and places the cables down ?	one
11190	The woman removes her feet from the straps .	who removes her feet from the straps ?	woman
11191	A man is seen laying on the floor and begins demonstrating how to properly perform dance moves as well as the wrong way to perform them .	who is seen laying on the floor and begins demonstrating how to properly perform dance moves as well as the wrong way to perform them ?	man
11192	The man continues moving all around the floor and leads into several clips of people performing the move .	who continues moving all around the floor and leads into several clips of people performing the move ?	man
11193	A man cleans the snow with a self lifted shovel that has a rod to impulse up the shovel .	who cleans the snow with a self lifted shovel that has a rod to impulse up the shovel ?	man
11194	The man puts the shovel in the snow and it lifts and throws snow .	who puts the shovel in the snow and it lifts and throws snow ?	man
11195	The man shovel heavy hardened snow from the ground effortlessly .	who shovel heavy hardened snow from the ground effortlessly ?	man
11196	The person shows the shovel that has behind a weight lifter .	what does the person show ?	shovel
11197	A man is doing various tasks while doing crunches .	who is doing various tasks while doing crunches ?	man
11201	A woman stands up and starts jump roping .	who stands up and starts jump roping ?	woman
11204	A young child walks across some sand carrying equipment around her waist .	who walks across some sand carrying equipment around her waist ?	child
11205	While on a school field , she throws a stick .	what does , she throw ?	stick
11207	She throws a pebble into the beach .	what does she throw into the beach ?	pebble
11208	On a school track , she throws a stick .	what does on the school track , she throw ?	stick
11210	A man gives her a medal .	who gives her a medal ?	man
11211	In a grassy field , she throws a stick .	what does in the grassy field , she throw ?	stick
11214	The man is swaying side to side and move his arms in front of him .	who is swaying side to side and move his arms in front of him ?	man
11215	A man is standing in front of a cat who keeps walking on his wrapping paper .	who is standing in front of a cat who keeps walking on his wrapping paper ?	man
11216	The man pushes the cat down on the paper and folds it around the cat .	who pushes the cat down on the paper and folds it around the cat ?	man
11216	The man pushes the cat down on the paper and folds it around the cat .	what does the man push down on the paper ?	cat
11219	A mother tries to brush a baby 's teeth .	who tries to brush the baby 's teeth ?	mother
11220	The baby takes the toothbrush and tries herself .	who takes the toothbrush and tries herself ?	baby
11221	The baby spits out some of this toothpaste but keeps trying .	who spits out some of this toothpaste but keeps trying ?	baby
11223	A man wearing a grey t-shirt films himself using a selfie stick while riding on a boat .	who stick while riding on the boat ?	man
11223	A man wearing a grey t-shirt films himself using a selfie stick while riding on a boat .	what is the color of the films ?	gray
11226	The diver films himself while diving underwater .	who films himself while diving underwater ?	diver
11227	The ddiver films a school of fish a nd bright yellow tropical fish .	the ddiver films a school of fish a nd what ?	fish
11227	The ddiver films a school of fish a nd bright yellow tropical fish .	what is the color of the fish ?	yellow
11228	The diver cameraman walks backwards onto steps leading out of the water .	who walks backwards onto steps leading out of the water ?	cameraman
11230	A black screen advertises the video .	what advertises the video ?	screen
11230	A black screen advertises the video .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
11231	A man is shown lying down while someone shaves his beard .	who is shown lying down while someone shaves his beard ?	man
11232	The blade is shown very close to the skin as the man shaves him carefully , rinsing between scrapings .	what is shown very close to the skin as the man shaves him carefully , rinsing between scrapings ?	blade
11233	The screen fades to black as the man finishes the shaving .	what fades to black as the man finishes the shaving ?	screen
11233	The screen fades to black as the man finishes the shaving .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
11234	Two males play table tennis in a small room .	how many males play table tennis in a small room ?	two
11234	Two males play table tennis in a small room .	where do two males play table tennis . ?	room
11235	Another man walks in the background .	who walks in the background ?	man
11237	The camel lifts up an the trainers and other friends stare on .	what lifts up an the trainers and other friends stare on ?	camel
11239	They move ahead with the camel very slowly an the lady riding it waves .	who do they move ahead with the camel very slowly riding it waves ?	lady
11242	Guys are standing around near a stall .	who are standing around near the stall ?	guys
11243	A guy horseback riding chases a cattle .	what does the guy horseback riding chase ?	cattle
11244	The guy lassoes the cattle and gets off his horse to tie up the cattle 's legs .	who lassoes the cattle and gets off his horse to tie up the cattle 's legs ?	guy
11244	The guy lassoes the cattle and gets off his horse to tie up the cattle 's legs .	what does the guy lasso ?	cattle
11244	The guy lassoes the cattle and gets off his horse to tie up the cattle 's legs .	what does the guy get off ?	horse
11245	Two men remove the rope around the cattle 's neck and legs .	what do two men remove around the cattle 's neck and legs ?	rope
11245	Two men remove the rope around the cattle 's neck and legs .	how many men remove the rope around the cattle 's neck and legs ?	two
11246	The cattle rises and runs away .	what rises and runs away ?	cattle
11248	He then screws the tools in place of the holes and the camera pans down the finished area .	what did he then screw in place of the holes and the camera pans down the finished area ?	tools
11254	The person shows his computer screen .	what does the person show ?	screen
11256	The boy is standing under the tree with blindfold thing to hit the pinata but missed it .	who is standing under the tree with blindfold thing to hit the pinata but missed it ?	boy
11257	A man came up to him and assist him , the boy hit the pinata once .	who came up to him and assist him , the boy hit the pinata once ?	man
11258	The man rotate the little girl and then let walk a little and the girl hit the pinata .	who rotate the little girl and then let walk a little and the girl hit the pinata ?	man
11258	The man rotate the little girl and then let walk a little and the girl hit the pinata .	who do the man rotate and the girl hit the pinata ?	girl
11258	The man rotate the little girl and then let walk a little and the girl hit the pinata .	the man rotate the little girl and then let and who hit the pinata ?	girl
11258	The man rotate the little girl and then let walk a little and the girl hit the pinata .	the man rotate the little girl and then let and the girl hit what ?	pinata
11259	A young man hit the pinata ad the kids are lined up to take their turns to hit the pinata .	who hit the pinata ad the kids are lined up to take their turns to hit the pinata ?	man
11259	A young man hit the pinata ad the kids are lined up to take their turns to hit the pinata .	what did the young man hit ?	ad
11260	A wrestler in maroon brief is provoking the black man .	who is the wrestler in maroon brief provoking ?	man
11260	A wrestler in maroon brief is provoking the black man .	what is the color of the man ?	black
11261	The black man attacked the other wrestler but he was knocked down .	who attacked the other wrestler but he was knocked down ?	man
11261	The black man attacked the other wrestler but he was knocked down .	who did the black man attack but he was knocked down ?	wrestler
11261	The black man attacked the other wrestler but he was knocked down .	what is the color of the man ?	black
11262	The wrestler with maroon brief carried the black man and slam him on the floor .	who did the wrestler with maroon brief carry ?	man
11262	The wrestler with maroon brief carried the black man and slam him on the floor .	what is the color of the man ?	black
11263	There 's a man sitting with the Olympics logo behind him , talking about sports .	who does there 's sitting with the olympics logo behind him , talking about sports ?	man
11266	One of the players hits the ball to his opponent by punching it with his fist .	what does one of the players hit to his opponent by punching it with his fist ?	ball
11267	Another player returns the ball by kicking it across the net .	what does another player return by kicking it across the net ?	ball
11269	An open field is covered in snow and then suddenly a large bear appears on a table and is then put in a box .	what is an open field covered in snow and then suddenly appears on a table and is then put in a box ?	bear
11269	An open field is covered in snow and then suddenly a large bear appears on a table and is then put in a box .	where is an open field covered in snow and then suddenly a large bear appears on a table and is then put . ?	box
11271	The box is then placed on top of the counter and wrapping paper is put on both ends to about six inches up the box .	what is then placed on top of the counter and wrapping paper is put on both ends to about six inches up the box ?	box
11271	The box is then placed on top of the counter and wrapping paper is put on both ends to about six inches up the box .	what is the box then placed on top of the counter and is put on both ends to about six inches up the box ?	paper
11273	After being taped , several red glitter bows are placed on top of the wrapping paper .	what is after being taped , are placed on top of the wrapping paper ?	bows
11273	After being taped , several red glitter bows are placed on top of the wrapping paper .	what is the color of the bows ?	red
11275	The socks are then placed in a tube and covered in the silver wrapping paper .	what are then placed in the tube and covered in the silver wrapping paper ?	socks
11275	The socks are then placed in a tube and covered in the silver wrapping paper .	where are the socks then placed and covered in the silver wrapping paper . ?	tube
11276	The woman then takes a circular shaped object and traces it with a pencil and makes squiggles in the middle of it .	who then takes the circular shaped object and traces it with a pencil and makes squiggles in the middle of it ?	woman
11279	A young child is seen mopping a floor with a mop and moving around all areas of the room .	who is seen mopping the floor with a mop and moving around all areas of the room ?	child
11280	He stops to play with the mop a bit and pushes a box back under a stand .	what does he push back under a stand ?	box
11281	A woman in a black shirt is dancing in a room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
11281	A woman in a black shirt is dancing in a room .	where is the woman in a black shirt dancing . ?	room
11285	A woman talks to the pins and figures out how the pins are set up and replaced .	who talks to the pins and figures out how the pins are set up and replaced ?	woman
11288	We see a black opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
11288	We see a black opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
11290	We see a title screen then two men stand on the beach with a camera .	how many men do we see a title screen then stand on the beach with a camera ?	two
11294	We see a man on a boat with a camera .	who do we see on a boat with a camera ?	man
11295	We then see the closing title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
11298	A man is seen playing a violin while the camera pans all around him moving his arms up and down .	who is seen playing the violin while the camera pans all around him moving his arms up and down ?	man
11299	The man continues to play while others play behind him and the violinist playing and looking at the audience .	who continues to play while others play behind him and the violinist playing and looking at the audience ?	man
11304	Two boys play an intense game of table soccer .	who play an intense game of table soccer ?	boys
11304	Two boys play an intense game of table soccer .	how many boys play an intense game of table soccer ?	two
11305	The boy wins the game and the other strikes him with a handle of the table tennis game .	who wins the game and the other strikes him with a handle of the table tennis game ?	boy
11306	A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing behind a set of weights and pointing to his body .	who is seen speaking to the camera while standing behind a set of weights and pointing to his body ?	man
11307	The man then bends down and grabs the bar while still speaking to the camera .	who then bends down and grabs the bar while still speaking to the camera ?	man
11307	The man then bends down and grabs the bar while still speaking to the camera .	what does the man then grab while still speaking to the camera ?	bar
11308	The man lifts the bar up then back down again while still speaking to the camera .	who lifts the bar up then back down again while still speaking to the camera ?	man
11308	The man lifts the bar up then back down again while still speaking to the camera .	what does the man lift up then back down again while still speaking to the camera ?	bar
11309	A man in a white tuxedo is led to a pinata by a woman in a wedding dress .	what is the color of the tuxedo ?	white
11309	A man in a white tuxedo is led to a pinata by a woman in a wedding dress .	where is the man led to a pinata by a woman in a wedding dress . ?	tuxedo
11311	A man is working inside a shop .	who is working inside the shop ?	man
11312	He rolls a tire over to a piece of equipment .	what does he roll over to a piece of equipment ?	tire
11314	A woman is talking inside an office .	who is talking inside an office ?	woman
11317	A woman in a black dress is playing a bag pipe on stage .	what is the woman in a black dress playing on stage ?	pipe
11317	A woman in a black dress is playing a bag pipe on stage .	what is the color of the dress ?	black
11318	The word `` Ilbo '' is in a red font and scrolls down on the left hand side of the screen .	what is the color of the font ?	red
11319	The camera zooms into the woman 's fingers .	what zooms into the woman 's fingers ?	camera
11320	The camera shifts to somebody playing a piano .	what shifts to somebody playing a piano ?	camera
11321	A band is also playing musical instruments in the background .	what is the band also playing in the background ?	instruments
11322	The camera zooms into the face of the woman playing the bag pipe .	what zooms into the face of the woman playing the bag pipe ?	camera
11323	The woman finishes playing and the audience applause .	who finishes playing and the audience applause ?	woman
11324	Two women are washing dishes in the kitchen .	who are washing dishes in the kitchen ?	women
11324	Two women are washing dishes in the kitchen .	how many women are washing dishes in the kitchen ?	two
11324	Two women are washing dishes in the kitchen .	where are two women washing dishes . ?	kitchen
11327	A man is wearing protective gear .	who is wearing protective gear ?	man
11327	A man is wearing protective gear .	what is the man wearing ?	gear
11328	He is using a welder and creating a bright light as he works on metal .	who is he using and creating a bright light as he works on metal ?	welder
11331	A man runs and does a successful pole vault .	who runs and does the successful pole vault ?	man
11331	A man runs and does a successful pole vault .	what does the man run and does ?	vault
11332	He stands up from the pad and picks up the pole .	what does he pick up ?	pole
11333	A camera pans around a park as well as a lake and a man speaking to the camera .	what pans around the park as well as a lake and a man speaking to the camera ?	camera
11334	The camera pans around a canoe filled with objects and leads into the man padding down and speaking to the camera .	what pans around the canoe filled with objects and leads into the man padding down and speaking to the camera ?	camera
11337	A girl falls down onto the sand .	who falls down onto the sand ?	girl
11338	A girl raises her hands in the air .	who raises her hands in the air ?	girl
11339	A white screen appears with black text that comes in twice on the screen and then scrolls off screen while fading out .	what appears with black text that comes in twice on the screen and then scrolls off screen while fading out ?	screen
11339	A white screen appears with black text that comes in twice on the screen and then scrolls off screen while fading out .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
11339	A white screen appears with black text that comes in twice on the screen and then scrolls off screen while fading out .	what is the color of the text ?	black
11340	Three children in life vests and two supervising adults are on a raft waiting to go rafting .	how many children in life vests and two supervising adults are on a raft waiting to go rafting ?	three
11342	There is a yellow text that comes on screen showing the locations they are at .	what is the color of the text ?	yellow
11343	The children are at the destination as one young girl comes close to the cam and waves at it .	who are at the destination as one young girl comes close to the cam and waves at it ?	children
11343	The children are at the destination as one young girl comes close to the cam and waves at it .	how many young girl are the children at the destination as comes close to the cam and waves at it ?	one
11344	A woman is on stage speaking to a little girl while holding a microphone .	who is on stage speaking to a little girl while holding a microphone ?	woman
11345	The girl speaks into the microphone , then performs a ballet piece .	who speaks into the microphone , then performs a ballet piece ?	girl
11349	A woman is chopping up a potato .	who is chopping up the potato ?	woman
11349	A woman is chopping up a potato .	what is the woman chopping up ?	potato
11350	She adds the potato to a large pot of water .	what does she add to a large pot of water ?	potato
11352	She mixes it all together in a bowl .	where does she mix it . ?	bowl
11353	We see a man instructing another man on shooting arrow .	who do we see instructing another man on shooting arrow ?	man
11353	We see a man instructing another man on shooting arrow .	we see a man instructing who on shooting arrow ?	man
11355	The man loads another arrow .	who loads another arrow ?	man
11357	The man hits the backdrop and it collapses .	who hits the backdrop and it collapses ?	man
11357	The man hits the backdrop and it collapses .	what does the man hit and it collapses ?	backdrop
11359	The instructor walks over to the targets .	who walks over to the targets ?	instructor
11361	A man is carving designs , burning them into the wood .	who is carving designs , burning them into the wood ?	man
11363	A man is seen speaking into a mike that transitions into a close up of a beer pong table as well as people playing .	who is seen speaking into the mike that transitions into a close up of a beer pong table as well as people playing ?	man
11367	Two people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into several clips of people playing volleyball with one another .	how many people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into several clips of people playing volleyball with one another ?	two
11369	A man walks along a bare field while a woman walks around beside him .	who walks along the bare field while a woman walks around beside him ?	man
11373	A person folds a blue cloth , wrapping it around a snow brush neatly .	what is the color of the cloth ?	blue
11376	Several scuba divers are seen swimming around the ocean while sharks move around them underneath .	who are seen swimming around the ocean while sharks move around them underneath ?	divers
11377	The camera continuously follows the sharks around the water and the scuba divers interact with one another while they move .	what continuously follows the sharks around the water and the scuba divers interact with one another while they move ?	camera
11377	The camera continuously follows the sharks around the water and the scuba divers interact with one another while they move .	what does the camera continuously follow around the water and the scuba divers interact with one another ?	sharks
11378	A woman is standing behind a counter sharpening a knife .	who is standing behind the counter sharpening a knife ?	woman
11380	She picks up a knife sharpener and sharpens the knife .	what does she pick up ?	sharpener
11380	She picks up a knife sharpener and sharpens the knife .	what does she sharpen ?	knife
11382	The men gather around the field where two bulls are .	how many bulls do the men gather around the field where are ?	two
11383	The bulls are encouraged to fight with their horns while the people watch .	what are encouraged to fight with their horns while the people watch ?	bulls
11384	A small baby hits a bongo in a room .	who hits the bongo in a room ?	baby
11384	A small baby hits a bongo in a room .	where does the small baby hit a bongo . ?	room
11385	The baby stops and takes something off his hand .	who stops and takes something off his hand ?	baby
11386	The baby goes back to playing the drum .	who goes back to playing the drum ?	baby
11390	Two teams of men play beer pong together as a man stands behind them holding a camera in the air .	what do two teams of men play together ?	pong
11390	Two teams of men play beer pong together as a man stands behind them holding a camera in the air .	how many teams of men play beer pong together as a man stands behind them holding a camera in the air ?	two
11391	We switch and see other teams in the room playing and see two ladies talking .	who do we see talking ?	ladies
11391	We switch and see other teams in the room playing and see two ladies talking .	how many ladies do we see talking ?	two
11393	We see the ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
11396	The men are kicking the ball away from each other .	what are the men kicking away from each other ?	ball
11398	Two wrestlers meet at a table inside a wrestling ring .	who meet at the table inside a wrestling ring ?	wrestlers
11398	Two wrestlers meet at a table inside a wrestling ring .	how many wrestlers meet at the table inside a wrestling ring ?	two
11403	A dog is running by a lake .	what is running by the lake ?	dog
11404	A man is wake boarding behind a boat .	who is wake boarding behind a boat ?	man
11406	A man is riding a water motorboat in the ocean .	who is riding the water motorboat in the ocean ?	man
11411	A man in a black Speedo is standing on a diving board with his hand down on his sides .	what is the color of the man ?	black
11415	The people hit the ball all along the field while a ref watches them on the side .	what did the people hit all along the field ?	ball
11417	A large kite is seen flying over a beach with people wandering around on the sides .	what is seen flying over the beach with people wandering around on the sides ?	kite
11418	A man is seen flying the large kite while others watch him on the side .	who is seen flying the large kite while others watch him on the side ?	man
11419	Another kite is shown flying beside his and leads into a show of the ocean .	what is shown flying beside his and leads into a show of the ocean ?	kite
11420	A young boy is seen stretching in a circle while taking his shirt off and looking off into the distance .	who is seen stretching in the circle while taking his shirt off and looking off into the distance ?	boy
11421	The boy then begins performing various martial arts in front of a large crowd .	who then begins performing various martial arts in front of a large crowd ?	boy
11422	The boy continues kicking and spinning around while ending to bow to the camera .	who continues kicking and spinning around while ending to bow to the camera ?	boy
11423	A boy mows a backyard using a mower that has a collecting bag on back .	who mows the backyard using a mower that has a collecting bag on back ?	boy
11423	A boy mows a backyard using a mower that has a collecting bag on back .	what does the boy mow using a mower that has a collecting bag on back ?	backyard
11423	A boy mows a backyard using a mower that has a collecting bag on back .	the boy mows a backyard using what ?	mower
11424	The boy pass the sidewalk and turn to the yard to continue cutting the grass .	who pass the sidewalk and turn to the yard to continue cutting the grass ?	boy
11425	A car commercial begins with numerous people washing a vehicle as it goes through a professional car wash .	what begins with numerous people washing a vehicle as it goes through a professional car wash ?	commercial
11428	A woman spins a young boy in circles .	who spins the young boy in circles ?	woman
11429	The boy is holding a long stick and wearing a blindfold .	who is holding the long stick and wearing a blindfold ?	boy
11429	The boy is holding a long stick and wearing a blindfold .	what is the boy holding and wearing a blindfold ?	stick
11429	The boy is holding a long stick and wearing a blindfold .	what is the boy holding a long stick and wearing ?	blindfold
11430	The woman stops spinning the boy and aims him at a pinata hanging from the ceiling .	who stops spinning the boy and aims him at a pinata hanging from the ceiling ?	woman
11431	The boy swings and hits the pinata once .	who swings and hits the pinata once ?	boy
11431	The boy swings and hits the pinata once .	what does the boy hit once ?	pinata
11433	The boy finally gives up and takes the blindfold off .	who finally gives up and takes the blindfold off ?	boy
11434	A different woman walks in and stops near the pinata .	who walks in and stops near the pinata ?	woman
11435	We see a green opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
11435	We see a green opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	green
11437	A lady speaks while sitting on a couch .	who speaks while sitting on the couch ?	lady
11438	We see a lady putting a roller in her hair .	who do we see putting a roller in her hair ?	lady
11439	We then see the finished product .	what do we then see ?	product
11440	A man turns on a camera .	who turns on the camera ?	man
11441	A man in a black shirt is squatting on a couch and smoking hookah .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
11442	The man attempts to blow smoke rings .	who attempts to blow smoke rings ?	man
11444	The man again proceeds to blow smoke directly at the camera .	who again proceeds to blow smoke directly at the camera ?	man
11445	The man reaches to turn the camera off .	who reaches to turn the camera off ?	man
11446	The camera zooms in to show the car 's front right wheel .	what zooms in to show the car 's front right wheel ?	camera
11447	The camera zooms out to show the man spraying the car with soap .	what zooms out to show the man spraying the car with soap ?	camera
11448	The camera zooms in again to show the soap running down the back of the car , then the camera moves to show the left side of the car .	what zooms in again to show the soap running down the back of the car , then the camera moves to show the left side of the car ?	camera
11448	The camera zooms in again to show the soap running down the back of the car , then the camera moves to show the left side of the car .	what does the camera zoom in again , then moves to show the left side of the car ?	camera
11449	Then two men spray water on the car to wash the soap off .	how many men did then spray water on the car to wash the soap off ?	two
11450	A woman walks to the middle of the room .	who walks to the middle of the room ?	woman
11453	A woman spins a blindfold person holding a stick on front a pinata .	who spins the blindfold person holding a stick on front a pinata ?	woman
11453	A woman spins a blindfold person holding a stick on front a pinata .	what does the woman spin holding a stick on front a pinata ?	person
11460	The camera switches to a more side view of the dog .	what switches to the more side view of the dog ?	camera
11461	The camera switches to a more top down view of the dog .	what switches to the more top down view of the dog ?	camera
11462	A man dips a sponge into a bucket .	who dips the sponge into a bucket ?	man
11463	He uses the sponge to wipe black mud all over a boy .	what is the color of the mud ?	black
11464	Other people are covering people in paint .	where are other people covering people . ?	paint
11466	We see a title screen on white .	what do we see on white ?	screen
11468	The lady slices parts of the cake and flips it again .	who slices parts of the cake and flips it again ?	lady
11469	The lady cuts the edges off the cake .	who cuts the edges off the cake ?	lady
11470	The lady moves everything and brings it back .	who moves everything and brings it back ?	lady
11472	A man is seen walking beside a hedge in a public area with a dog beside him .	who is seen walking beside the hedge in a public area with a dog beside him ?	man
11473	The dog is seen walking on it 's two legs and hops down in the end .	what is seen walking on it 's two legs and hops down in the end ?	dog
11475	A man hits the ball and the men run on the field .	who hits the ball and the men run on the field ?	man
11476	We see a man in red run on the screen and walk back .	who do we see in red run on the screen ?	man
11476	We see a man in red run on the screen and walk back .	what is the color of the run ?	red
11478	They can not get the lens in at the eye at first and try over and over again .	what can they not get in at the eye at first and try over and over again ?	lens
11483	A man and a woman are sitting in Hooters the restaurant , the female is an employee and the guy is a regular customer .	who are the man and a woman sitting in hooters the restaurant , the female is and the guy is a regular customer ?	employee
11483	A man and a woman are sitting in Hooters the restaurant , the female is an employee and the guy is a regular customer .	who are the man and a woman sitting in hooters the restaurant , the female is an employee and is a regular customer ?	guy
11483	A man and a woman are sitting in Hooters the restaurant , the female is an employee and the guy is a regular customer .	who are the man and a woman sitting in hooters the restaurant , the female is an employee and the guy is ?	customer
11484	He grabs a beer and then kisses the girls .	what does he grab ?	beer
11484	He grabs a beer and then kisses the girls .	he then kisses who ?	girls
11486	The male does it again and more girls in the restaurant begins to kiss him .	where does the male do it again and more girls begins to kiss him . ?	restaurant
11488	He is in the pool playing water polo with a yellow ball and two other people .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
11489	He throws the ball across and the people sitting by the pool and watching him play cheer loudly .	what does he throw across and the people sitting by the pool and watching him play cheer loudly ?	ball
11490	Two men are seen wearing boxing gloves and punching and kicking one another .	how many men are seen wearing boxing gloves and punching and kicking one another ?	two
11492	A boy runs into the shot and kicks a soccer ball .	who runs into the shot and kicks a soccer ball ?	boy
11492	A boy runs into the shot and kicks a soccer ball .	what does the boy kick ?	ball
11493	The ball lobs toward a crowd in a park .	what lobs toward the crowd in a park ?	ball
11494	Few other boys try to catch the moving ball .	who try to catch the moving ball ?	boys
11495	One boy eventually kicks the ball back toward the camera .	who eventually kicks the ball back toward the camera ?	boy
11495	One boy eventually kicks the ball back toward the camera .	what does one boy eventually kick back toward the camera ?	ball
11495	One boy eventually kicks the ball back toward the camera .	how many boy eventually kicks the ball back toward the camera ?	one
11496	A girl comes in from the sidelines and kicks the ball back toward the crowd of boys and the kids continue this cycle of kicking .	who comes in from the sidelines and kicks the ball back toward the crowd of boys and the kids continue this cycle of kicking ?	girl
11496	A girl comes in from the sidelines and kicks the ball back toward the crowd of boys and the kids continue this cycle of kicking .	what does the girl kick back toward the crowd of boys and the kids continue this cycle of kicking ?	ball
11496	A girl comes in from the sidelines and kicks the ball back toward the crowd of boys and the kids continue this cycle of kicking .	the girl comes in from the sidelines and kicks the ball back toward the crowd of boys and who continue this cycle of kicking ?	kids
11498	They begin arm wrestles and the girl with the cigarette beats the man .	who do they begin and the girl with the cigarette beats ?	man
11500	The man kneels down and begins putting carpeting down on the floor as well as on the stairs .	who kneels down and begins putting carpeting down on the floor as well as on the stairs ?	man
11501	The man finishes putting the carpet down and the camera zooming in on his work .	who finishes putting the carpet down and the camera zooming in on his work ?	man
11501	The man finishes putting the carpet down and the camera zooming in on his work .	what does the man finish and zooming in on his work ?	camera
11502	A seated man looks at a clipboard .	who looks at the clipboard ?	man
11503	The man begins smoking from a large pipe .	who begins smoking from a large pipe ?	man
11504	The camera pans down to show the various items on the table before him .	what pans down to show the various items on the table before him ?	camera
11505	The camera pans back up to the man .	what pans back up to the man ?	camera
11506	People sail in a boat in a river , and a man pulls a string of a person that sets up to perform water ski .	who do people sail in a boat in a river , and pulls a string of a person that sets up to perform water ski ?	man
11509	A boat appears in the river behind the person , while the person water ski .	what appears in the river behind the person , while the person water ski ?	boat
11511	woman is wearing a purple shit lifting weight .	who is wearing the purple shit lifting weight ?	woman
11511	woman is wearing a purple shit lifting weight .	what is the color of the weight ?	purple
11512	woman is sitting in stairs tying the laces .	who is sitting in stairs tying the laces ?	woman
11513	two women are in a gym room doing exercise .	who are in the gym room doing exercise ?	women
11513	two women are in a gym room doing exercise .	how many women are in the gym room doing exercise ?	two
11518	A camera pans around a large yard to show two people moving a wooden bar .	what pans around the large yard to show two people moving a wooden bar ?	camera
11518	A camera pans around a large yard to show two people moving a wooden bar .	how many people does the camera pan around a large yard to show moving a wooden bar ?	two
11519	One man then steps on the bar and begins using a tool to cut down hedges .	who then steps on the bar and begins using a tool to cut down hedges ?	man
11519	One man then steps on the bar and begins using a tool to cut down hedges .	how many man then steps on the bar and begins using a tool to cut down hedges ?	one
11520	The man looks back to the speak to the camera and the men move the bar .	who looks back to the speak to the camera and the men move the bar ?	man
11520	The man looks back to the speak to the camera and the men move the bar .	what does the man look back to the speak to the camera and the men move ?	bar
11522	The guy does a jump rope routine .	who does the jump rope routine ?	guy
11523	The guy does a flip with the rope .	who does the flip with the rope ?	guy
11524	The guy does two push ups .	who does two push ups ?	guy
11524	The guy does two push ups .	how many push ups does the guy do ?	two
11525	The guys leg gets caught on the rope .	who gets caught on the rope ?	leg
11526	The guy jumps high and the rope gets tangled again .	who jumps high and the rope gets tangled again ?	guy
11526	The guy jumps high and the rope gets tangled again .	what does the guy jump high and gets tangled again ?	rope
11527	The guy finishes and lays on the ground .	who finishes and lays on the ground ?	guy
11528	The guy gets up and walks away .	who gets up and walks away ?	guy
11529	A woman is posing on a diving board .	who is posing on the diving board ?	woman
11532	We see a man looks in the camera and opens his mouth as a group of people walk past .	where do we see a man looks and opens his mouth as a group of people walk past . ?	camera
11533	A man in a black shirt walks past the camera and stands their for a moment .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
11534	The lady shimmy 's and bends down to the ground and back up .	who shimmy 's and bends down to the ground and back up ?	lady
11535	The man dips the woman and the smile at the camera .	who dips the woman and the smile at the camera ?	man
11537	One man runs forward and a large cloud of smoke spins around and a man waves his arms in the air while another helps .	who does and and his arms in the air while another help ?	man
11537	One man runs forward and a large cloud of smoke spins around and a man waves his arms in the air while another helps .	how many man runs forward and the large cloud of smoke spins around ?	one
11540	A person pushing a stroller walks behind them .	the person pushing who walks behind them ?	stroller
11541	A man sits in a barber chair .	who sits in the barber chair ?	man
11541	A man sits in a barber chair .	where does the man sit . ?	chair
11542	The barber begins to shave his head .	who begins to shave his head ?	barber
11543	He shaves stars into his head .	what does he shave into his head ?	stars
11545	A woman is seen looking at the camera then crying and hugging a group of people .	who is seen looking at the camera then crying and hugging a group of people ?	woman
11548	A young boy is standing in the grass swinging a bat at a pinata .	who is standing in the grass swinging a bat at a pinata ?	boy
11549	People are watching the boy .	who are people watching ?	boy
11550	A girl in a blue swimsuit takes the bat and starts swinging at the pinata .	what is the color of the swimsuit ?	blue
11557	We are shown various sea life .	what are we shown ?	life
11562	A man in the kitchen appears and he 's putting seasonings into a pan and he starts swishing the pan around .	where does the man appear and he 's putting seasonings into a pan and he starts swishing the pan around . ?	kitchen
11564	A large piece of raw meat appears on a white plate and the word Reuben flashes a few times on it as it 's shown in various different angles .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
11565	An empty large clear bowl is shown and mayonnaise , ketchup , relish , worcesterchire sauce , and hot sauce get spooned into the bowl .	what is shown and mayonnaise , ketchup , relish , worcesterchire sauce , and hot sauce get spooned into the bowl ?	bowl
11568	Some white shredded food gets thrown onto the grill and is stirred around by a black spatula .	what is the color of the food ?	white
11568	Some white shredded food gets thrown onto the grill and is stirred around by a black spatula .	what is the color of the spatula ?	black
11570	One player kicks the ball into the goal before going for the opposing goal .	what does one player kick into the goal before going for the opposing goal ?	ball
11570	One player kicks the ball into the goal before going for the opposing goal .	how many player kicks the ball into the goal before going for the opposing goal ?	one
11572	The woman sliced the plastic with bread in it then put it in a rectangle plate .	who sliced the plastic with bread in it then put it in a rectangle plate ?	woman
11572	The woman sliced the plastic with bread in it then put it in a rectangle plate .	where did the woman slice the plastic with bread in it then put it . ?	plate
11573	A woman is sitting down in a chair playing an accordion .	who is sitting down in the chair playing an accordion ?	woman
11573	A woman is sitting down in a chair playing an accordion .	where is the woman sitting down playing an accordion . ?	chair
11577	Then the man turns face up , and the person starts to shave the legs .	who does then turn face up , and the person starts to shave the legs ?	man
11578	After , the person uses a machine on the legs , and then a picture shows the legs before and after shave .	what does after , the person use a machine on the legs , and then shows the legs before and after shave ?	picture
11580	An old lady pass behind the woman .	who pass behind the woman ?	lady
11582	A man puts a tire over a machine and rotates the rime .	who puts the tire over a machine and rotates the rime ?	man
11583	Then , the man uses a tool to loose the rime , then the machine removes the rubber tire .	who does then , use the tool to loose the rime , then the machine removes the rubber tire ?	man
11583	Then , the man uses a tool to loose the rime , then the machine removes the rubber tire .	what does then , the man use to loose the rime , then the machine removes the rubber tire ?	tool
11583	Then , the man uses a tool to loose the rime , then the machine removes the rubber tire .	what does then , the man use a tool to loose the rime , then removes the rubber tire ?	machine
11583	Then , the man uses a tool to loose the rime , then the machine removes the rubber tire .	what does then , the man use a tool to loose the rime , then the machine removes ?	tire
11586	The man goes into a group of people before another man , then another are shown going downhill on the street riding their skateboards .	who goes into the group of people before another man , then another are shown going downhill on the street riding their skateboards ?	man
11590	A man in a blue shirt is watching one of the men .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
11591	A man in a gray shirt is mimicking the person lifting the weight .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
11593	Several boys make baskets while still speaking to one another an the coach moves in and speaks to the boys .	who make baskets while still speaking to one another an the coach moves in and speaks to the boys ?	boys
11593	Several boys make baskets while still speaking to one another an the coach moves in and speaks to the boys .	what do several boys make ?	baskets
11594	He walks away and more drills are shown with the boys .	what does he walk away and are shown with the boys ?	drills
11596	The man continues to speak while pointing to the camera and begins laying out mulch to put all over the plants .	who continues to speak while pointing to the camera and begins laying out mulch to put all over the plants ?	man
11597	The man continues pushing dirt around and ends by watering all the plants .	who continues pushing dirt around and ends by watering all the plants ?	man
11598	A woman named Julie Artzt Becker is holding her violin is sitting and talking in front of a blue screen .	who named julie artzt becker is holding her violin is sitting and talking in front of a blue screen ?	woman
11598	A woman named Julie Artzt Becker is holding her violin is sitting and talking in front of a blue screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
11599	The woman puts the violin up to her chin and continues to talk .	who puts the violin up to her chin and continues to talk ?	woman
11599	The woman puts the violin up to her chin and continues to talk .	what does the woman put up to her chin ?	violin
11600	The woman talks throughout the entire video as she 's demonstrating her movements or pointing towards her finger motions .	who talks throughout the entire video as she 's demonstrating her movements or pointing towards her finger motions ?	woman
11601	Eventually the woman stops talking and ends with a smile and the words `` Howcast original '' appear on the white screen .	eventually who stops talking and ends with the smile and the words `` howcast original '' appear on the white screen ?	woman
11601	Eventually the woman stops talking and ends with a smile and the words `` Howcast original '' appear on the white screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
11602	Two men are fighting in an asian art form outside .	how many men are fighting in an asian art form outside ?	two
11604	A man is standing inside a kitchen in front of a small table .	who is standing inside the kitchen in front of a small table ?	man
11613	A man is seen sitting in a kayak looking to the camera .	who is seen sitting in the kayak looking to the camera ?	man
11614	He then sticks his paddle in the water and begins moving along .	what does he then stick in the water ?	paddle
11616	A person is holding a red leaf blower .	what is the person holding ?	blower
11616	A person is holding a red leaf blower .	what is the color of the blower ?	red
11618	They show the leaf blower again .	what do they show again ?	blower
11620	The girl then swings the stick around the air aiming for the pinata and hitting the object several times .	who then swings the stick around the air aiming for the pinata and hitting the object several times ?	girl
11620	The girl then swings the stick around the air aiming for the pinata and hitting the object several times .	what does the girl then swing around the air aiming for the pinata and hitting the object several times ?	stick
11624	A lot of men are standing outdoors on a dirt field and there are two teams standing along a rope while a lot of people are standing around watching them .	how many teams are there standing along a rope while a lot of people are standing around watching them ?	two
11625	The men wearing yellow and blue shirts pick up the rope and are getting in position to play tug o war .	what are the men wearing yellow and blue shirts pick up and are getting in position to play tug o war ?	rope
11626	Suddenly the men start pulling on the rope as other men are instructing them and the spectators are cheering .	who do suddenly the men start and are cheering ?	spectators
11627	The men in the yellow and blue shirts are easily pulling the rope and they have won while the people around them cheer .	what are the men in the yellow and blue shirts easily pulling and they have won while the people around them cheer ?	rope
11628	Cigarettes are placed down on a table .	what are placed down on the table ?	cigarettes
11630	A man pushes a broom behind them .	who pushes the broom behind them ?	man
11633	The man continues performing tricks with the dog as the camera captures him from several angles as well as others doing tricks with their dogs .	who continues performing tricks with the dog as the camera captures him from several angles as well as others doing tricks with their dogs ?	man
11634	A little girl walks into a bathroom and starts talking to the camera .	who walks into the bathroom and starts talking to the camera ?	girl
11635	The bathroom transforms into a factory .	what transforms into the factory ?	bathroom
11636	The girl picks up a toothbrush and continues to talk .	who picks up the toothbrush and continues to talk ?	girl
11636	The girl picks up a toothbrush and continues to talk .	what does the girl pick up ?	toothbrush
11638	The girl brushes her teeth and the factory changes back to a bathroom .	who brushes her teeth and the factory changes back to a bathroom ?	girl
11638	The girl brushes her teeth and the factory changes back to a bathroom .	what does the girl brush her teeth and changes back to a bathroom ?	factory
11639	A man is speaking into a microphone .	who is speaking into the microphone ?	man
11640	A man wearing a black cape is getting his beard shaved .	who is wearing a black cape is getting his beard shaved ?	man
11640	A man wearing a black cape is getting his beard shaved .	the man wearing what is getting his beard shaved ?	cape
11640	A man wearing a black cape is getting his beard shaved .	what is the color of the cape ?	black
11641	A person puts a white towel over the man 's face .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
11644	He then shaves the mans beard with a razor .	who does he then shave beard with a razor ?	mans
11645	The man puts a towel on the other man 's face again .	who puts the towel on the other man 's face again ?	man
11649	The couple finishes and leaves the dance floor .	what does the couple finish and leaves ?	floor
11650	A young girl shows his long hair until the waist .	who shows his long hair until the waist ?	girl
11651	Then , a hairdresser cuts short the hair of the the young girl .	who does then , cut short the hair of the the young girl ?	hairdresser
11652	After , the girl shows her short and long hair and two braids .	who does after , show her short and long hair and two braids ?	girl
11653	There 's a person dressed in a blue track suit demonstrating how to use a rowing machine .	what is the color of the suit ?	blue
11660	The person turns off the water and presents the shoe in the sink .	where does the person present the shoe . ?	sink
11661	A camera pans away from a set of exercise equipment and leads into a woman 's feet moving along .	what pans away from the set of exercise equipment and leads into a woman 's feet moving along ?	camera
11662	The woman is then seen using the machine as well as adjusting the settings and continuing to run .	who is then seen using the machine as well as adjusting the settings and continuing to run ?	woman
11663	Two men play squash in a room .	how many men play squash in a room ?	two
11663	Two men play squash in a room .	where do two men play squash . ?	room
11665	Then , the two men continues playing squash .	how many men does then , continue playing squash ?	two
11666	A man pick up a ball from the floor and continues squash .	who pick up the ball from the floor and continues squash ?	man
11666	A man pick up a ball from the floor and continues squash .	what does the man continue ?	squash
11667	Two sets of people are in the middle of the woods kayaking , in vibrant white water surrounded by large rocks .	how many sets of people are in the middle of the woods kayaking , in vibrant white water surrounded by large rocks ?	two
11667	Two sets of people are in the middle of the woods kayaking , in vibrant white water surrounded by large rocks .	what is the color of the water ?	white
11670	Shortly after , the man in the blue jacket follows suit and comes behind them .	what does shortly after , the man in the blue jacket follow ?	suit
11670	Shortly after , the man in the blue jacket follows suit and comes behind them .	what is the color of the jacket ?	blue
11671	Lastly , they take two pictures with the forest as back drop near a brown sign with white words reading Great Falls Overlook .	how many pictures do lastly , they take with the forest as back drop near a brown sign with white words reading great falls overlook ?	two
11671	Lastly , they take two pictures with the forest as back drop near a brown sign with white words reading Great Falls Overlook .	what is the color of the sign ?	brown
11671	Lastly , they take two pictures with the forest as back drop near a brown sign with white words reading Great Falls Overlook .	what is the color of the reading ?	white
11672	The person is squeezing the lemons in the squeezer .	what is the person squeezing in the squeezer ?	lemons
11672	The person is squeezing the lemons in the squeezer .	where is the person squeezing the lemons . ?	squeezer
11673	The person pour the lemon into the white spray bottle and added water .	what do the person pour into the white spray bottle ?	lemon
11673	The person pour the lemon into the white spray bottle and added water .	what is the color of the bottle ?	white
11674	The person spray the lemon juice in a bow and rub the bowl with sponge .	what did the person spray in a bow ?	juice
11674	The person spray the lemon juice in a bow and rub the bowl with sponge .	what do the person rub with sponge ?	bowl
11674	The person spray the lemon juice in a bow and rub the bowl with sponge .	where did the person spray the lemon juice . ?	bow
11675	An sportsman launch a javelin in a stadium .	who launch the javelin in a stadium ?	sportsman
11675	An sportsman launch a javelin in a stadium .	where do an sportsman launch a javelin . ?	stadium
11676	The javelin flies in the air and lands in the green track , then a man runs toward it .	who does the javelin fly in the air and lands in the green track , then runs toward it ?	man
11676	The javelin flies in the air and lands in the green track , then a man runs toward it .	what is the color of the track ?	green
11677	The sportsman walk raising his hands and clap his hands .	who walk raising his hands and clap his hands ?	sportsman
11678	A cameraman film the athlete .	the cameraman film who ?	athlete
11680	Several pictures are shown of people shining shoes for others in various locations using rags and brushes on their shoes .	what are shown of people shining shoes for others in various locations using rags and brushes on their shoes ?	pictures
11682	A door with red signs are covering it .	what is the color of the signs ?	red
11685	A man is strumming away on his guitar aggressively .	who is strumming away on his guitar aggressively ?	man
11686	Another man with a blue guitar is playing and knocking around all over his guitar .	what is the color of the guitar ?	blue
11687	A man in a red shirt who has an electric guitar is tapping his foot keeping tempo and playing a tune .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
11690	She rolls the lemons on a table and cut them into halves .	what does she roll on a table ?	lemons
11691	Then she juices the lemon and pours the mixture into a large pot with sugar .	what does then she juices ?	lemon
11692	She boils the pot and pours the final result into several glasses , enjoying a sip in the end .	what does she boil ?	pot
11693	A boar bristle brush is shown , then a video dvd of how to shave .	what bristle brush is shown , then a video dvd of how to shave ?	boar
11694	A man is lying down , lather on his face while a barber shaves his beard .	who is lying down , lather on his face while a barber shaves his beard ?	man
11695	The man then lathers his head and shaves it with a straight razor as well .	who then lathers his head and shaves it with a straight razor as well ?	man
11698	The dog goes on and then the man is seen walking off of the field .	what goes on and then the man is seen walking off of the field ?	dog
11698	The dog goes on and then the man is seen walking off of the field .	who does the dog go on and then is seen walking off of the field ?	man
11699	However , a lady remains and her and her dog begin doing Frisbee and tricks at the Purina Dog challenge .	who does however , remain and her and her dog begin doing frisbee and tricks at the purina dog challenge ?	lady
11699	However , a lady remains and her and her dog begin doing Frisbee and tricks at the Purina Dog challenge .	what does however , the lady remain and begin doing frisbee and tricks at the purina dog challenge ?	dog
11701	The man watch a seal and a whale in the cold water .	who watch the seal and a whale in the cold water ?	man
11703	The man bends to pass a glacier , then he pass over an iceberg .	who bends to pass the glacier , then he pass over an iceberg ?	man
11704	A whale swim in the ocean .	who swim in the ocean ?	whale
11705	After , the man passes over an iceberg and spins , then snowboard over a big iceberg .	what do , then snowboard over ?	iceberg
11706	The man slide from an iceberg and falls in the water , and people stand to watch an iceberg falls .	who slide from an iceberg and falls in the water , and people stand to watch an iceberg falls ?	man
11707	A snowboarder gives a tutorial for how to hit a jump .	who gives the tutorial for how to hit a jump ?	snowboarder
11710	A man appears on the screen hanging from a harness to give some instructions .	who appears on the screen hanging from a harness to give some instructions ?	man
11712	The video cuts to another person in a green shirt getting help to try to climb the wall .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
11713	The video shows a split screen with two views of a man climbing the wall .	what does the video show split with two views of a man climbing the wall ?	screen
11714	Then , a woman is shown trying to climb the wall .	who is then , shown trying to climb the wall ?	woman
11716	We see the opening credits on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
11717	We then see a man coaching a man in a garage and talking to the camera .	where do we then see a man coaching a man and talking to the camera . ?	garage
11718	The man in gray gets on his knee on the blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
11719	The man stands and gets on both of his knees .	who stands and gets on both of his knees ?	man
11720	The kneeling man stands up again .	who stands up again ?	man
11721	We see a title screen and see the kneeling man holding a machine which he pulls down and out .	what do we see ?	screen
11721	We see a title screen and see the kneeling man holding a machine which he pulls down and out .	who do we see ?	man
11723	litle kids are standing in front of a ouse talking to the camera and making lemonade .	who are standing in front of a ouse talking to the camera and making lemonade ?	kids
11724	the kid opens a pot and grab sugar and poured into a cup of water , lemon juice and mix it with a spoon .	who opens the pot and grab sugar and poured into a cup of water , lemon juice and mix it with a spoon ?	kid
11725	A man is seen standing ready with a set of bagpipes and begins playing them for the camera .	who is seen standing ready with the set of bagpipes and begins playing them for the camera ?	man
11726	The man continues playing and then stops to look at the camera .	who continues playing and then stops to look at the camera ?	man
11727	A white screen with blue and white shapes and black words flash across the screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
11727	A white screen with blue and white shapes and black words flash across the screen .	what is the color of the words ?	black
11728	A smiling black man is in a residential kitchen and he 's wearing a santa hat and pouring ingredients into a large bowl .	who is in the residential kitchen and he 's wearing a santa hat and pouring ingredients into a large bowl ?	man
11728	A smiling black man is in a residential kitchen and he 's wearing a santa hat and pouring ingredients into a large bowl .	what is the smiling black man in a residential kitchen and he 's wearing and pouring ingredients into a large bowl ?	hat
11728	A smiling black man is in a residential kitchen and he 's wearing a santa hat and pouring ingredients into a large bowl .	what is the smiling black man in a residential kitchen and he 's wearing a santa hat and pouring into a large bowl ?	ingredients
11728	A smiling black man is in a residential kitchen and he 's wearing a santa hat and pouring ingredients into a large bowl .	what is the color of the man ?	black
11728	A smiling black man is in a residential kitchen and he 's wearing a santa hat and pouring ingredients into a large bowl .	where is the smiling black man and he 's wearing a santa hat and pouring ingredients into a large bowl . ?	kitchen
11731	The man greases a 10x3 round cake pan and covers it with parchment paper .	who greases the 10x3 round cake pan and covers it with parchment paper ?	man
11731	The man greases a 10x3 round cake pan and covers it with parchment paper .	what does the man grease pan ?	cake
11733	A large rectangular metal pan appears with instructions that say to fill it with a pan of hot water .	what appears with instructions that say to fill it with a pan of hot water ?	pan
11735	A blindfolded man swings at a pinata with a bat while others look on from nearby seats .	who swings at the pinata with a bat while others look on from nearby seats ?	man
11736	The man succeeds in breaking the pinata .	who succeeds in breaking the pinata ?	man
11737	The man removes his blindfold as some of the others approach him .	who removes his blindfold as some of the others approach him ?	man
11737	The man removes his blindfold as some of the others approach him .	what does the man remove ?	blindfold
11738	two men enter a squash court to compete in a game of squash .	how many men enter the squash court to compete in a game of squash ?	two
11739	One man is wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing a dark shirt .	who is wearing the white shirt and the other man is wearing a dark shirt ?	man
11739	One man is wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing a dark shirt .	what is one man wearing and the other man is wearing a dark shirt ?	shirt
11739	One man is wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing a dark shirt .	who is one man wearing a white shirt and is wearing a dark shirt ?	man
11739	One man is wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing a dark shirt .	what is one man wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing ?	shirt
11739	One man is wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing a dark shirt .	how many man is wearing the white shirt ?	one
11739	One man is wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing a dark shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
11742	A girl in a pink blouse enters the squash court as another man enters the court .	where does the girl enter the squash court as another man enters the court . ?	blouse
11743	Several pictures lead into clips of people riding down a river on canoes and kayaks .	what lead into clips of people riding down a river on canoes and kayaks ?	pictures
11747	The lady scrubs a garment on a wooden board .	who scrubs the garment on a wooden board ?	lady
11748	The lady rings out the water from a garment then tosses it aside when done washing it .	what out the water from a garment then tosses it aside when done washing it ?	rings
11749	A boy is skating in a parking lot .	who is skating in the parking lot ?	boy
11751	The boy skates around the parking lot on inline skates .	who skates around the parking lot on inline skates ?	boy
11753	Several clips are shown of people sitting at tables gambling as well as laughing to the camera .	what are shown of people sitting at tables gambling as well as laughing to the camera ?	clips
11754	More pictures are shown of people at the casino as well as video of them wandering around the area .	what are shown of people at the casino as well as video of them wandering around the area ?	pictures
11755	The camera focuses on a man piloting a sailboat in a harbor environment .	what focuses on the man piloting a sailboat in a harbor environment ?	camera
11756	The boat 's sail dips into the water .	what 's sail dips into the water ?	boat
11757	The man rights the sailboat and continues .	who sailboat and continues ?	rights
11758	A man is practicing indoors , he is doing intervals of jumping while running .	who is practicing indoors , he is doing intervals of jumping while running ?	man
11763	The driver fumbles with a hand jack and is frustrated .	who fumbles with the hand jack and is frustrated ?	driver
11764	The driver then uses an electric car jack to lift the car wheel up instead .	who then uses an electric car jack to lift the car wheel up instead ?	driver
11764	The driver then uses an electric car jack to lift the car wheel up instead .	what does the driver then use ?	jack
11765	The woman plugs in a an electric hand drill that and uses it to remove the lug nuts .	who plugs in the an electric hand drill that and uses it to remove the lug nuts ?	woman
11766	The woman puts a new tire on the car and bolts it in place .	who puts the new tire on the car and bolts it in place ?	woman
11766	The woman puts a new tire on the car and bolts it in place .	what does the woman put on the car ?	tire
11767	The woman lowers the car wheel off of the jack .	who lowers the car wheel off of the jack ?	woman
11767	The woman lowers the car wheel off of the jack .	what does the woman lower off of the jack ?	wheel
11768	A man points to the different tools in a tool box .	who points to the different tools in a tool box ?	man
11769	The man hooks a charger up to the car battery .	who hooks the charger up to the car battery ?	man
11769	The man hooks a charger up to the car battery .	what does the man hook up to the car battery ?	charger
11770	A man kneel on a ball and holds a rod .	who kneel on the ball and holds a rod ?	man
11770	A man kneel on a ball and holds a rod .	what does the man hold ?	rod
11771	The man push her body forward pushing the rod .	who push her body forward pushing the rod ?	man
11773	A woman is mopping the white tiled floor with a mop .	who is mopping the white tiled floor with a mop ?	woman
11773	A woman is mopping the white tiled floor with a mop .	what is the woman mopping with a mop ?	floor
11773	A woman is mopping the white tiled floor with a mop .	what is the color of the floor ?	white
11774	A black woman does a routine on the balance beam .	who does the routine on the balance beam ?	woman
11774	A black woman does a routine on the balance beam .	what is the color of the woman ?	black
11777	A woman is seen carrying a snow blower and pushing it along a path .	who is seen carrying the snow blower and pushing it along a path ?	woman
11778	The woman continues pushing the snow blowing along the snow with the camera following her movements .	who continues pushing the snow blowing along the snow with the camera following her movements ?	woman
11783	A young ballerina wearing a tutu is seen standing at a ballet barr performing various ballet moves and moving to the floor .	who is wearing a tutu is seen standing at a ballet barr performing various ballet moves and moving to the floor ?	ballerina
11783	A young ballerina wearing a tutu is seen standing at a ballet barr performing various ballet moves and moving to the floor .	the young ballerina wearing who is seen standing at a ballet barr performing various ballet moves and moving to the floor ?	tutu
11786	A man throws a ball into a cup .	who throws the ball into a cup ?	man
11786	A man throws a ball into a cup .	what does the man throw into a cup ?	ball
11787	Another man throws a ball into a cup .	who throws the ball into a cup ?	man
11787	Another man throws a ball into a cup .	what does another man throw into a cup ?	ball
11788	The two men pick up a cup and drink it .	what do the two men pick up ?	cup
11788	The two men pick up a cup and drink it .	how many men pick up the cup and drink it ?	two
11789	A man is standing in front of wires and puts on a welding helmet .	who is standing in front of wires and puts on a welding helmet ?	man
11791	The man sands the corner where he was welding .	who sands the corner where he was welding ?	man
11793	The man pushes his helmet up and replaces the wires and sands the same area again .	who pushes his helmet up and replaces the wires and sands the same area again ?	man
11793	The man pushes his helmet up and replaces the wires and sands the same area again .	what does the man push up ?	helmet
11794	He places his gloves down and shows the weld he finished .	what does he place down ?	gloves
11794	He places his gloves down and shows the weld he finished .	what does he show ?	weld
11795	A man stands outside holding a bottle of sun screen and talking .	who stands outside holding the bottle of sun screen and talking ?	man
11796	He sprays the sun screen on his arm and rubs it in .	what did he spray on his arm ?	screen
11797	A man wearing a blue shirt throws a bowling ball down a bowling alley .	who is wearing a blue shirt throws a bowling ball down a bowling alley ?	man
11797	A man wearing a blue shirt throws a bowling ball down a bowling alley .	the man wearing what throws a bowling ball down a bowling alley ?	shirt
11797	A man wearing a blue shirt throws a bowling ball down a bowling alley .	what is the man wearing a blue shirt throws bowling down a bowling alley ?	ball
11797	A man wearing a blue shirt throws a bowling ball down a bowling alley .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
11798	The ball strikes both pins and bounces into the adjoining alley striking the pin down there too .	what strikes both pins and bounces into the adjoining alley striking the pin down there too ?	ball
11799	A seated man in a red shirt shakes his head .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
11800	The man in the blue shirt walks back .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
11802	Curlers ar shown as they take different shot and sweep down the ice .	what ar shown as they take different shot and sweep down the ice ?	curlers
11804	A man scrapes snow off of the side of a car .	who scrapes snow off of the side of a car ?	man
11808	A little baby boy is sitting in his high chair dipping a fork into a glass of chocolate milk being held by an adult .	who is sitting in his high chair dipping a fork into a glass of chocolate milk being held by an adult ?	boy
11808	A little baby boy is sitting in his high chair dipping a fork into a glass of chocolate milk being held by an adult .	where is the little baby boy sitting dipping a fork into a glass of chocolate milk being held by an adult . ?	chair
11809	The adult takes several turn dipping the fork in the cup and licking it .	who takes several turn dipping the fork in the cup and licking it ?	adult
11809	The adult takes several turn dipping the fork in the cup and licking it .	where does the adult take several turn dipping the fork and licking it . ?	cup
11811	A christmas tree is shown followed by several people moving in fast motion hanging up a set of lights .	what is shown followed by several people moving in fast motion hanging up a set of lights ?	tree
11813	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a harmonica .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a harmonica ?	man
11814	The man blows into the instrument while pausing to speak to the camera .	who blows into the instrument while pausing to speak to the camera ?	man
11816	The man then stands up and holds the barbell to his chest .	who then stands up and holds the barbell to his chest ?	man
11816	The man then stands up and holds the barbell to his chest .	what does the man then hold to his chest ?	barbell
11818	There are four men posing in a bowling alley , all are wearing yellow shirts and their team name text say 's `` nerdist '' .	what are there four men posing in a bowling alley , all are wearing and their team name text say 's `` nerdist '' ?	shirts
11818	There are four men posing in a bowling alley , all are wearing yellow shirts and their team name text say 's `` nerdist '' .	how many men are there posing in a bowling alley ?	four
11818	There are four men posing in a bowling alley , all are wearing yellow shirts and their team name text say 's `` nerdist '' .	what is the color of the shirts ?	yellow
11820	Large yellow words on the screen appear and it say 's `` Team Nerdist Wins ! ''	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
11822	A nerdist team member happily speaks into the camera , and then unhappy member from another team unhappily speaks to the camera .	who happily speaks into the camera , and then unhappy member from another team unhappily speaks to the camera ?	member
11823	We see a title card on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
11826	A man jumps a fire hydrant .	who jumps the fire hydrant ?	man
11826	A man jumps a fire hydrant .	what does the man jump ?	hydrant
11828	A man rides with lots of cameras flashing .	who rides with lots of cameras flashing ?	man
11829	The camera slows down and the scene ends .	what slows down and the scene ends ?	camera
11830	We see a black screen and credits .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
11831	A young man pumps up and down kneeling on both legs .	what up and down kneeling on both legs ?	pumps
11832	The student jumps up from the kneeling position and lands on top of a stack of mat then lands on the ground .	who jumps up from the kneeling position and lands on top of a stack of mat then lands on the ground ?	student
11836	A bull is in a ring , looking at the bullfighters on the outside .	what is in the ring , looking at the bullfighters on the outside ?	bull
11839	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a tennis racket and begins hitting the ball against the wall .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a tennis racket and begins hitting the ball against the wall ?	man
11841	A man in a gray sweat shirt is standing at a bus stop .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
11843	The man is skating backwards .	who is skating backwards ?	man
11844	A man in black pants is standing on a roof and nailing a long shingle onto the roof .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
11845	A man in blue shorts appears on the right and is also nailing long shingles on the roof .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
11846	The zoom goes in on the an wearing long black pants and he 's nailing shingles onto the outside perimeter of the roof .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
11847	A woman is seen playing a flute while a man speaks into a microphone and two people play the piano behind her .	who is seen playing the flute while a man speaks into a microphone and two people play the piano behind her ?	woman
11848	The woman pauses to speak to the man and the man takes the flute from her and plays .	who pauses to speak to the man and the man takes the flute from her and plays ?	woman
11848	The woman pauses to speak to the man and the man takes the flute from her and plays .	who does the woman pause and takes the flute from her and plays ?	man
11849	The man hands her back the flute to play and ends by still speaking to her .	who hands her back the flute to play and ends by still speaking to her ?	man
11850	An athletic man is seen running down a track into a pit .	who is seen running down the track into a pit ?	man
11853	A news anchor in white coat is talking in front of the camera .	what is the color of the coat ?	white
11854	The player kicked the ball and hit the goal .	what did the player kick ?	ball
11855	Team in white uniforms stayed at the court and cheered .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	white
11856	A bald man is standing next to the counter with glass and stirrer in front of him .	who is standing next to the counter with glass and stirrer in front of him ?	man
11857	A woman talks and lie down on the floor , then she bend her legs and lift both .	who talks and lie down on the floor , then she bend her legs and lift both ?	woman
11858	Then , the woman lifts the two legs straight .	who does then , lift the two legs straight ?	woman
11858	Then , the woman lifts the two legs straight .	how many legs does then , the woman lift straight ?	two
11859	After , the woman lifts only one leg and the other leg rest bend on the floor .	who does after , lift only one leg and the other leg rest bend on the floor ?	woman
11860	The little boy sits in the blue kayak holding paddles .	who sits in the blue kayak holding paddles ?	boy
11860	The little boy sits in the blue kayak holding paddles .	what is the color of the paddles ?	blue
11862	The camera turns around a few times to show the trees and the sky .	what turns around the few times to show the trees and the sky ?	camera
11863	There are four kids of varying ages playing kick ball in their backyard .	how many kids are there of varying ages playing kick ball in their backyard ?	four
11864	The girl in pink kicks the ball to her brother in the orange shirt while the little kids run around and play .	what does the girl in pink kick to her brother in the orange shirt ?	ball
11864	The girl in pink kicks the ball to her brother in the orange shirt while the little kids run around and play .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
11865	There 's a little baby sitting on the ground in a baby bouncer watching them play .	who does there 's sitting on the ground in a baby bouncer watching them play ?	baby
11866	A man is standing at a counter with a Smith knife .	who is standing at the counter with a smith knife ?	man
11869	He cleans the tool and puts it away .	what does he clean ?	tool
11872	She grabs some red ribbon and begins to tie into a bow .	what does she grab ?	ribbon
11872	She grabs some red ribbon and begins to tie into a bow .	what is the color of the ribbon ?	red
11874	Hair styling tools are shown in closeup .	what are shown in closeup ?	tools
11874	Hair styling tools are shown in closeup .	where are hair styling tools shown . ?	closeup
11875	A woman walks down a street an into a salon .	who walks down a street an into a salon ?	woman
11876	The woman interacts with a man in the salon .	who interacts with the man in the salon ?	woman
11881	A man and women are talking to a camera and the girl demonstrates on how to properly hold a discuss .	who are the man and women talking to a camera and demonstrates on how to properly hold a discuss ?	girl
11884	The man then tries to throw how the woman did and attempts to throw more and get better .	who then tries to throw how the woman did and attempts to throw more and get better ?	man
11887	A boy in a white shirt walks out with a boy in a blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
11887	A boy in a white shirt walks out with a boy in a blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
11888	A woman is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment with her arms and legs strapped in .	who is seen sitting on the piece of exercise equipment with her arms and legs strapped in ?	woman
11889	The woman is seen moving back and fourth on the machine while looking forward .	who is seen moving back and fourth on the machine while looking forward ?	woman
11890	The woman continues to move on the machine while the camera watches her movements .	who continues to move on the machine while the camera watches her movements ?	woman
11891	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
11892	A lady shows off her fingernails .	who shows off her fingernails ?	lady
11893	The lady puts drops of white paint on her finger nails .	who puts drops of white paint on her finger nails ?	lady
11893	The lady puts drops of white paint on her finger nails .	what is the color of the paint ?	white
11894	The lady uses a toothpick and drags it through the white paint .	who uses the toothpick and drags it through the white paint ?	lady
11894	The lady uses a toothpick and drags it through the white paint .	what does the lady use ?	toothpick
11894	The lady uses a toothpick and drags it through the white paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	white
11896	The lady shows us the flower designs on her nails .	who shows us the flower designs on her nails ?	lady
11897	Two men are sitting at the table with their arms on the table , they are positioned for arm wrestling .	how many men are sitting at the table with their arms on the table ?	two
11898	A in blue shirt is standing at the center holding both hands of the player .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
11900	A dog is swimming in a small pool .	what is swimming in the small pool ?	dog
11900	A dog is swimming in a small pool .	where is the dog swimming . ?	pool
11903	A person is spraying the dog with a hose .	what is the person spraying with a hose ?	dog
11904	The dog is then put in a metal pen .	what is then put in the metal pen ?	dog
11904	The dog is then put in a metal pen .	where is the dog then put . ?	pen
11905	A man is shown point to a bicycle tire and cutting a piece of wire using pliers .	who is shown point to a bicycle tire and cutting a piece of wire using pliers ?	man
11907	He pushes a tube into the tire and adjusts the wires using a device .	what does he push into the tire ?	tube
11908	He tests the wheel out thoroughly and assures the bike is ready to go .	what does he test out thoroughly ?	wheel
11909	A woman is talking to a camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	woman
11910	She picks up a flute and starts playing .	what does she pick up ?	flute
11911	She puts the flue down on her lap and continues talking .	what does she put down on her lap ?	flue
11912	She puts the flute back up to her mouth and continues to play .	what does she put back up to her mouth ?	flute
11913	She puts the flute back down and nods her head .	what does she put back down ?	flute
11914	She puts the flute back up to her lips and plays .	what does she put back up to her lips ?	flute
11916	Another boat is seen in the water behind them .	what is seen in the water behind them ?	boat
11917	They are going around yellow cones in the water .	what is the color of the cones ?	yellow
11918	A man is seen laying on the floor while speaking out loud and crossing his arms overs his chest .	who is seen laying on the floor while speaking out loud and crossing his arms overs his chest ?	man
11919	The man then does several crunches in various ways and ends by speaking to the camera .	who then does several crunches in various ways and ends by speaking to the camera ?	man
11920	Two pairs of men are getting ready to box .	how many pairs of men are getting ready to box ?	two
11926	A woman dressed in a black tank top and black tights is doing stomach crunches on a mat .	who dressed in a black tank top and black tights is doing stomach crunches on a mat ?	woman
11926	A woman dressed in a black tank top and black tights is doing stomach crunches on a mat .	what is the color of the top ?	black
11926	A woman dressed in a black tank top and black tights is doing stomach crunches on a mat .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
11930	Two people are seen playing with one another while the camera shows the table in several spots and the boys high fiving one another .	how many people are seen playing with one another while the camera shows the table in several spots and the boys high fiving one another ?	two
11932	More pictures are shown of people plastering with various text images shown inside .	what are shown of people plastering with various text images shown inside ?	pictures
11933	A man is assembling a bike on a table .	who is assembling the bike on a table ?	man
11934	He is putting training wheels on the back wheel of the bike .	what is he putting training on the back wheel of the bike ?	wheels
11939	A man swings a baseball bat .	who swings the baseball bat ?	man
11939	A man swings a baseball bat .	what does the man swing ?	bat
11940	He hits a ball and it goes onto a roof .	what does he hit and it goes onto a roof ?	ball
11941	A man is running and throwing a ball .	who is running and throwing the ball ?	man
11941	A man is running and throwing a ball .	what is the man running and throwing ?	ball
11942	A woman is pouring shots of alcohol into a glass of ice .	who is pouring shots of alcohol into a glass of ice ?	woman
11945	She holds up the drink while talking .	what does she hold up while talking ?	drink
11946	Two groups of men wearing uniforms , one with dark shirts and one with white shirts , are playing on an indoor volleyball court .	how many groups of men is wearing uniforms , one with dark shirts and one with white shirts , are playing on an indoor volleyball court ?	two
11946	Two groups of men wearing uniforms , one with dark shirts and one with white shirts , are playing on an indoor volleyball court .	what is the color of the shirts ?	white
11948	Two vacuums one taller and one is shorter is show .	how many vacuums one taller and one is shorter is show ?	two
11950	A woman is carrying the vacuum and put it in the storage .	who is carrying the vacuum and put it in the storage ?	woman
11951	A woman is walking at the factory , then a person is drawing the vacuum in a white sheet .	who is walking at the factory , then a person is drawing the vacuum in a white sheet ?	woman
11951	A woman is walking at the factory , then a person is drawing the vacuum in a white sheet .	what is the color of the sheet ?	white
11952	A person irons a brown paper .	what is the color of the paper ?	brown
11955	The person leaves the iron on a new brown paper .	what is the color of the paper ?	brown
11958	A cat is in a woman 's lap in the bathroom .	what is in the woman 's lap in the bathroom ?	cat
11961	A woman is scrubbing a white chair with a yellow sponge .	who is scrubbing the white chair with a yellow sponge ?	woman
11961	A woman is scrubbing a white chair with a yellow sponge .	what is the woman scrubbing with a yellow sponge ?	chair
11961	A woman is scrubbing a white chair with a yellow sponge .	what is the color of the chair ?	white
11961	A woman is scrubbing a white chair with a yellow sponge .	what is the color of the sponge ?	yellow
11962	She is now pouring something onto a rag and washing a white table .	what is the color of the table ?	white
11965	A young child is sitting playing on a drum set .	who is sitting playing on the drum set ?	child
11967	A woman is on a piano playing along with the child .	who is on the piano playing along with the child ?	woman
11969	A man dressed in a blue uniform is fighting against a male dressed in an all red uniform .	who dressed in a blue uniform is fighting against a male dressed in an all red uniform ?	man
11969	A man dressed in a blue uniform is fighting against a male dressed in an all red uniform .	what is the color of the uniform ?	blue
11971	After , the referee drops down and pounds the mat counting down the end of the match .	who does after , drop down and pounds the mat counting down the end of the match ?	referee
11971	After , the referee drops down and pounds the mat counting down the end of the match .	what does after , the referee drop down and pounds counting down the end of the match ?	mat
11972	A young woman speaks as she smiles .	who speaks as she smiles ?	woman
11973	She squeezes the side of her right eye and pokes out a contact lens .	what does she poke out contact ?	lens
11974	She moves on to her left eye and pokes out a contact lens .	what does she poke out contact ?	lens
11977	The girls celebrate their win with flowers and hugs .	who celebrate their win with flowers and hugs ?	girls
11978	A gymnast is seen standing with his arms out and hops on a board .	who is seen standing with his arms out and hops on a board ?	gymnast
11981	A new segment leads into clips of a woman speaking to the camera and holding up a bow and arrow .	what leads into clips of a woman speaking to the camera and holding up a bow and arrow ?	segment
11982	The girl shoots the bow while still speaking to the camera and bending the bow .	who shoots the bow while still speaking to the camera and bending the bow ?	girl
11982	The girl shoots the bow while still speaking to the camera and bending the bow .	what does the girl shoot while still speaking to the camera and bending the bow ?	bow
11984	A girl dances as she sits in a booth .	who dances as she sits in a booth ?	girl
11984	A girl dances as she sits in a booth .	where does the girl dance as she sits . ?	booth
11985	The girl mixes ingredients together in a pot .	who mixes ingredients together in a pot ?	girl
11985	The girl mixes ingredients together in a pot .	what does the girl mix together in a pot ?	ingredients
11985	The girl mixes ingredients together in a pot .	where does the girl mix ingredients . ?	pot
11986	The girl adds dried ingredients to the pot .	who adds dried ingredients to the pot ?	girl
11986	The girl adds dried ingredients to the pot .	what does the girl add to the pot ?	ingredients
11987	The girl adds tomato and eggs from a plate to the pot .	who adds tomato and eggs from a plate to the pot ?	girl
11988	The girls waves goodbye and leans back on the booth .	who goodbye and leans back on the booth ?	waves
11989	There 's a brown horse tied outside a polo club .	what does there 's tied outside a polo club ?	horse
11989	There 's a brown horse tied outside a polo club .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
11990	There are several jockeys playing polo on the field in an event .	who are there playing polo on the field in an event ?	jockeys
11990	There are several jockeys playing polo on the field in an event .	there are several jockeys playing who on the field in an event ?	polo
11991	There are also several spectators standing and watching the event .	who are there also standing and watching the event ?	spectators
11994	After the event is over , the judge hands awards to the winners .	who does , hand awards to the winners ?	judge
11995	There 's a British flag flying high in the field .	what does there 's flying high in the field ?	flag
11996	A belly dancer walks onto the stage from behind the curtains .	who walks onto the stage from behind the curtains ?	dancer
11997	The belly dancer dances on stage shaking her hips and body .	who dances on stage shaking her hips and body ?	dancer
11998	The belly dancer spins in circles during the performance .	who spins in circles during the performance ?	dancer
11999	The dancers turns with her back to the audience and dances .	who turns with her back to the audience and dances ?	dancers
12000	The dancer bows at the end of the performance .	who bows at the end of the performance ?	dancer
12001	two kids are in a litle car watching a little kid holding a pole hitting a lightning mcqueen pinata .	who are in the litle car watching a little kid holding a pole hitting a lightning mcqueen pinata ?	kids
12001	two kids are in a litle car watching a little kid holding a pole hitting a lightning mcqueen pinata .	how many kids are in the litle car watching a little kid holding a pole hitting a lightning mcqueen pinata ?	two
12003	There are two people talking about stilts used by stunt men .	how many people are there talking about stilts used by stunt men ?	two
12006	Henry , the guy dressed in the white shirt is showing how high he can jump with the stilts and perform stunts .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
12009	A woman is seen performing a belly dancing routine on a stage with flowers hanging in the background .	who is seen performing the belly dancing routine on a stage with flowers hanging in the background ?	woman
12011	A white screen is shown and several words are shown on the screen .	what is shown and several words are shown on the screen ?	screen
12011	A white screen is shown and several words are shown on the screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
12012	Then a blue mat is shown and an individual begins sweeping and laying the blue mat against the mat .	what is then shown and an individual begins sweeping and laying the blue mat against the mat ?	mat
12012	Then a blue mat is shown and an individual begins sweeping and laying the blue mat against the mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
12012	Then a blue mat is shown and an individual begins sweeping and laying the blue mat against the mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
12013	The man takes out a measuring tape and cuts off a piece of the blue mat and continues covering the floor .	who takes out the measuring tape and cuts off a piece of the blue mat and continues covering the floor ?	man
12013	The man takes out a measuring tape and cuts off a piece of the blue mat and continues covering the floor .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
12014	She then take a pan in the sink , put water , put liquid soap in a sponge , rub it on the plates , lid , container , spoons .	what do she then put in a sponge , lid , container , spoons ?	soap
12015	She wiped the counter with her hand , then placed a green basket , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket .	what did she wipe with her hand ?	counter
12015	She wiped the counter with her hand , then placed a green basket , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket .	she then placed what ?	basket
12015	She wiped the counter with her hand , then placed a green basket , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket .	what is the color of the basket ?	green
12015	She wiped the counter with her hand , then placed a green basket , rinse the plates , lid , container , pan , and put them in the basket .	where did she put them . ?	basket
12016	A woman in a blue shirt stands next to a brown horse .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
12016	A woman in a blue shirt stands next to a brown horse .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
12023	A tattoo salon has displayed a metallic blue motor cycle .	what is the color of the cycle ?	blue
12025	A customer walks in and gives a child 's picture to the tattoo artist .	who walks in and gives the child 's picture to the tattoo artist ?	customer
12025	A customer walks in and gives a child 's picture to the tattoo artist .	who does the customer give picture to the tattoo artist ?	child
12025	A customer walks in and gives a child 's picture to the tattoo artist .	what does the customer give to the tattoo artist ?	picture
12026	The tattoo artist traces the child 's picture on a paper .	who traces the child 's picture on a paper ?	artist
12027	Then he cleans the client 's arms with alcohol .	who does then he clean arms with alcohol ?	client
12028	The artist wears a pair of latex gloves and begins tattooing the client 's arm .	who wears the pair of latex gloves and begins tattooing the client 's arm ?	artist
12032	The camera continues to pan around the players swimming all around the pool throwing a ball and others reacting on the sidelines .	what continues to pan around the players swimming all around the pool throwing a ball and others reacting on the sidelines ?	camera
12036	Two men wave and we see sealife including a dolphin swimming next to the boat .	how many men wave and we see sealife including a dolphin swimming next to the boat ?	two
12037	A lady pretends to beat a man up by hitting him in the head while underwater .	who pretends to beat the man up by hitting him in the head while underwater ?	lady
12038	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
12039	Several small children drive around in bumper cars .	who drive around in bumper cars ?	children
12042	Two boy scouts are seen standing and speaking to a large group of people and attempting to light a match .	who are seen standing and speaking to the large group of people and attempting to light a match ?	scouts
12042	Two boy scouts are seen standing and speaking to a large group of people and attempting to light a match .	how many boy scouts are seen standing and speaking to the large group of people and attempting to light a match ?	two
12045	The camera pans back and forth to show activity other beachgoers ' activity around the woman .	what pans back and forth to show activity other beachgoers ' activity around the woman ?	camera
12046	The woman dumps a bucket of sand on the beach .	who dumps the bucket of sand on the beach ?	woman
12047	The woman combines sand and water in a bucket .	who combines sand and water in a bucket ?	woman
12047	The woman combines sand and water in a bucket .	where does the woman combine sand and water . ?	bucket
12048	The woman dumps the mixture out on the beach .	who dumps the mixture out on the beach ?	woman
12049	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while standing in front of an exercise bike .	who is seen speaking to the camera while standing in front of an exercise bike ?	woman
12050	The woman continues speaking and begins climbing onto the bike .	who continues speaking and begins climbing onto the bike ?	woman
12052	Two people are seen running inside an indoor closed room and hitting a tennis ball around with rackets .	how many people are seen running inside an indoor closed room and hitting a tennis ball around with rackets ?	two
12054	A fat women and a thin woman talk face to face in a beauty salon .	where do the fat women and a thin woman talk face to face . ?	salon
12056	Then , the fat woman pass a device over the face of the thin woman .	who do then , pass the device over the face of the thin woman ?	woman
12060	A man speaks to the camera which follows an intro screen to him skating .	who speaks to the camera which follows an intro screen to him skating ?	man
12062	This man is shown playing one drum in the beginning of the video and he says a few words .	who is shown playing one drum in the beginning of the video and he says a few words ?	man
12063	Then a man sits next to him and starts to play his guitar and the other man slowly joins to start playing the drums .	then who sits next to him and starts to play his guitar and the other man slowly joins to start playing the drums ?	man
12063	Then a man sits next to him and starts to play his guitar and the other man slowly joins to start playing the drums .	then the man sits next to him and starts and who slowly joins to start playing the drums ?	man
12064	The man who is sitting next to the man playing the drums is not only playing the guitar , but he 's singing too .	who is not only playing the guitar , but he 's singing too ?	man
12064	The man who is sitting next to the man playing the drums is not only playing the guitar , but he 's singing too .	what is the man not only playing , but he 's singing too ?	guitar
12065	We see a man walking on the ice .	who do we see walking on the ice ?	man
12066	He moves a stick and pulls a fishing line out of a hole .	what does he move ?	stick
12067	The man pulls a fish out of the hole .	who pulls the fish out of the hole ?	man
12068	He picks the fish up and shows us the fish .	what does he pick up ?	fish
12069	The man then throws the fish back into the hole .	who then throws the fish back into the hole ?	man
12069	The man then throws the fish back into the hole .	what does the man then throw back into the hole ?	fish
12070	A woman in man in black clothing stand in together and discuss a routine .	what is the color of the clothing ?	black
12071	The woman begins dancing and goes in a circle a few times while the man watches .	who begins dancing and goes in a circle a few times while the man watches ?	woman
12072	The woman continues discussing the routine then holds hands with her partner and they begin dancing together .	who continues discussing the routine then holds hands with her partner and they begin dancing together ?	woman
12073	A woman is talking about how to make a salad .	who is talking about how to make the salad ?	woman
12074	She breaks up the lettuce into smaller parts .	what does she break up into smaller parts ?	lettuce
12077	All the ingredients you need to make butter cake are on the counter , someone is pointing at each ingredient and starts grabbing them .	what are on the counter , someone is pointing at each ingredient and starts grabbing them ?	ingredients
12082	A woman is shown soaping her hands while water is running in a sink .	who is shown soaping her hands while water is running in a sink ?	woman
12082	A woman is shown soaping her hands while water is running in a sink .	where is the woman shown soaping her hands while water is running . ?	sink
12091	The two people hold out hands to begin an arm wrestling match .	how many people hold out hands to begin an arm wrestling match ?	two
12092	The women compete in an arm wrestling match seated at a table .	who compete in an arm wrestling match seated at a table ?	women
12093	The women switch hands and and arm wrestle with their left hands .	who switch hands and and arm wrestle with their left hands ?	women
12095	The two athletes flex their arms .	who flex their arms ?	athletes
12095	The two athletes flex their arms .	how many athletes flex their arms ?	two
12096	There is a diver wearing yellow swim trunks is diving from a diving board in an indoor swimming pool .	who is there wearing yellow swim trunks is diving from a diving board in an indoor swimming pool ?	diver
12096	There is a diver wearing yellow swim trunks is diving from a diving board in an indoor swimming pool .	what is the color of the trunks ?	yellow
12097	He jumps off of the diving board several times as some other people are leisurely swimming in the pool .	where does he jump off of the diving board several times as some other people are leisurely swimming . ?	pool
12099	Then another young man dives from the same diving board .	who does then dive from the same diving board ?	man
12101	Another diver goes up much higher and dives right into to pool .	who goes up much higher and dives right into to pool ?	diver
12102	A young girl is seen sitting in front of a camera and presents various nail objects to the camera .	who is seen sitting in front of a camera and presents various nail objects to the camera ?	girl
12104	A little boy in a yellow shirt is holding a yellow ruffled stick .	what is the little boy in a yellow shirt holding ?	stick
12104	A little boy in a yellow shirt is holding a yellow ruffled stick .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
12104	A little boy in a yellow shirt is holding a yellow ruffled stick .	what is the color of the stick ?	yellow
12109	A man is shown in a gym class leading at as the people step up and down on thier steppers .	who is shown in the gym class leading at as the people step up and down on thier steppers ?	man
12110	The man is very enthusiastically jumping up and down trying to keep the motivation going .	who is very enthusiastically jumping up and down trying to keep the motivation going ?	man
12113	A woman is on a court playing with a stick .	who is on the court playing with a stick ?	woman
12116	A man is standing on a stage performing different moves .	who is standing on the stage performing different moves ?	man
12120	Women synchronize dance in the pool .	where do women synchronize dance . ?	pool
12121	Announcers talk to the camera .	who talk to the camera ?	announcers
12123	Man in yellow talks to the camera .	what is the color of the talks ?	yellow
12124	Man in pink leotard jumps out of the pool .	where does man jump out of the pool . ?	leotard
12125	a boy stands on a field with a shot put in hand .	who stands on the field with a shot put in hand ?	boy
12126	The boy begins to spin around .	who begins to spin around ?	boy
12127	The boy throws the shot put .	who throws the shot put ?	boy
12129	A furniture renovation company advertises their services by showing several homes and tools they have worked on and use and what type of work they do .	what does renovation advertise their services by showing several homes and tools they have worked on and use and what type of work they do ?	company
12130	A man in an apron carefully puts a colored substance on a plate .	where does the man carefully put a colored substance on a plate . ?	apron
12131	The man mixes two of the different colored substances with a paint brush .	who mixes two of the different colored substances with a paint brush ?	man
12132	The man carefully touches the paint brush to an old table coloring portions of the table that have been damaged .	who carefully touches the paint brush to an old table coloring portions of the table that have been damaged ?	man
12132	The man carefully touches the paint brush to an old table coloring portions of the table that have been damaged .	what does the man carefully touch to an old table coloring portions of the table that have been damaged ?	brush
12134	The man then puts polish on a rag and polishes the table .	who then puts polish on a rag and polishes the table ?	man
12135	The man polishes a different old table .	who polishes the different old table ?	man
12137	A woman is seen standing beside a girl sitting down brushing her hair .	who is seen standing beside the girl sitting down brushing her hair ?	woman
12138	A boy watches on the side as the woman continues to brush the hair .	who watches on the side as the woman continues to brush the hair ?	boy
12139	The woman speaks to the girl while running the brush all over her hair .	who speaks to the girl while running the brush all over her hair ?	woman
12140	A man dressed in a black suit and woman dressed in a black dress are dancing together to Latino music .	who dressed in a black suit and woman dressed in a black dress are dancing together to latino music ?	man
12140	A man dressed in a black suit and woman dressed in a black dress are dancing together to Latino music .	what is the color of the dress ?	black
12146	The lady finally jumps into the man 's arms as the music comes to an end .	who finally jumps into the man 's arms as the music comes to an end ?	lady
12148	How To Expo is demonstrating how to make a three bean salad with black beans , garbanzo beans and kidney beans .	how to expo is demonstrating how to make how many bean salad with black beans , garbanzo beans and kidney beans ?	three
12148	How To Expo is demonstrating how to make a three bean salad with black beans , garbanzo beans and kidney beans .	what is the color of the beans ?	black
12149	The presenter shows minced garlic , chopped onions and chopped red bell pepper , along with chopped parsley and one teaspoon of cumin .	who minced garlic , chopped onions and chopped red bell pepper , along with chopped parsley and one teaspoon of cumin ?	shows
12149	The presenter shows minced garlic , chopped onions and chopped red bell pepper , along with chopped parsley and one teaspoon of cumin .	what is the color of the pepper ?	red
12150	She also shows the dressing ingredients like olive oil , red wine vinegar and salt .	what is the color of the vinegar ?	red
12155	She pours the salad into a plate and tops is with the salad dressing .	what does she pour into a plate and tops is with the salad dressing ?	salad
12156	A guy is diving off a diving board doing flips in the air and lands in a pool of water , the guy dives and do different flips many different times .	who is diving off the diving board doing flips in the air and lands in a pool of water , the guy dives and do different flips many different times ?	guy
12157	the man seems to be practicing his dives and flips of the diving board .	who seems to be practicing his dives and flips of the diving board ?	man
12158	the guy is trying to jump his highest to get a better diving flip .	who is trying to jump his highest to get a better diving flip ?	guy
12159	A man is seen talking to the camera as he sets up a ski on a work bench inside of a Ski shop .	who is seen talking to the camera as he sets up a ski on a work bench inside of a ski shop ?	man
12160	After lining up the ski and securing it on the bench he uses a plastic card and goes over the bottom of the ski three times .	after lining up the ski and securing it on the bench he uses what and goes over the bottom of the ski three times ?	card
12164	A man in a white shirt is showing applying plaster to a room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
12167	A woman is standing behind a counter in a kitchen .	who is standing behind the counter in a kitchen ?	woman
12169	She moves the salad into a new bowl .	what does she move into a new bowl ?	salad
12171	She takes the lettuce and puts it in a wooden bowl .	where does she put it . ?	bowl
12176	The man then puts more food into a plate and spinning around ingredients .	who then puts more food into a plate and spinning around ingredients ?	man
12178	Two people are seen hitting a ping pong table back and fourth in the middle of an outdoor park .	how many people are seen hitting the ping pong table back and fourth in the middle of an outdoor park ?	two
12179	They drop the ball and pick it up and then continue playing again .	what do they drop ?	ball
12180	A person 's shoe is seen sitting in a sink and the person scrubs the outside of the shoe with water running .	what is seen sitting in the sink and the person scrubs the outside of the shoe with water running ?	shoe
12180	A person 's shoe is seen sitting in a sink and the person scrubs the outside of the shoe with water running .	where is the person 's shoe seen sitting and the person scrubs the outside of the shoe with water running . ?	sink
12182	A man is water skiing on a river .	who is water skiing on a river ?	man
12184	He also turns and lifts one foot in the air .	how many foot does he also turn and lifts in the air ?	one
12188	man are playing war of a tug in an open field in font of a lake .	who are playing war of a tug in an open field in font of a lake ?	man
12189	men are standing in sidewalk watching the men playing and taking pictures .	where are men standing watching the men playing and taking pictures . ?	sidewalk
12190	men reunite and pose to a picture and a lot of camcorders are taking pictures .	men reunite and pose to a picture and a lot of camcorders are taking what ?	pictures
12191	A man is putting on a pair of shoes .	who is putting on the pair of shoes ?	man
12196	An Asian girl pushed the stone and the other girl is brushing the front of the stone until it hit other stones .	who pushed the stone and the other girl is brushing the front of the stone until it hit other stones ?	girl
12197	A man is in the garbage and he brings out a suitcase and takes a bike out of it .	who is in the garbage and he brings out a suitcase and takes a bike out of it ?	man
12197	A man is in the garbage and he brings out a suitcase and takes a bike out of it .	what is the man in the garbage and he brings out and takes a bike out of it ?	suitcase
12199	He screws in some pieces and put the hand bars on using a a pocket knife .	what did he put on using a a pocket knife ?	bars
12200	He inflates the tires with air and finishes putting the rest together , and then he rides off .	what does he inflate with air , and then he rides off ?	tires
12201	Three girls that are matching clothes are jumping rope at a competition .	who are jumping rope at a competition ?	girls
12201	Three girls that are matching clothes are jumping rope at a competition .	what are three girls jumping at a competition ?	rope
12201	Three girls that are matching clothes are jumping rope at a competition .	how many girls that are matching clothes are jumping rope at a competition ?	three
12206	Two crouch in front of each other before springing onto the mat , fighting and kicking .	how many crouch in front of each other before springing onto the mat , fighting and kicking ?	two
12208	A dog runs around a house from room to room .	what runs around the house from room to room ?	dog
12209	Two men take the dog into the bathroom and get him in the bath tub .	how many men take the dog into the bathroom and get him in the bath tub ?	two
12209	Two men take the dog into the bathroom and get him in the bath tub .	where do two men get him . ?	tub
12210	One of the men washes the dog .	what does one of the men wash ?	dog
12211	The other man records what is happening .	who records what is happening ?	man
12212	The dog hops out of the tub and one of the men dries him off .	what hops out of the tub and one of the men dries him off ?	dog
12213	One man holds the dogs mouth open while the other man brushes the dogs teeth .	who holds the dogs mouth open while the other man brushes the dogs teeth ?	man
12213	One man holds the dogs mouth open while the other man brushes the dogs teeth .	how many man holds the dogs mouth open while the other man brushes the dogs teeth ?	one
12214	A camera pans all around a paintball course and shows a closeup of a person speaking .	what pans all around a paintball course and shows a closeup of a person speaking ?	camera
12215	Several clips are seen of people running around the course and shooting paintball at one another .	what are seen of people running around the course and shooting paintball at one another ?	clips
12218	A man enters wearing a black hoodie .	who enters wearing the black hoodie ?	man
12218	A man enters wearing a black hoodie .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	black
12219	He opens a jar and pulls out something .	what does he open ?	jar
12221	An intro of a black screen with a logo and the words CAMERON HANSEN GALLERY appear along with the website at the bottom right .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
12223	A series of many different videos begin and it includes footage from underwater with a snorkeler , many different sea life swimming and even an elephant swimming .	what do the series of many different videos begin and it includes from underwater with a snorkeler , many different sea life swimming and even an elephant swimming ?	footage
12228	A young woman is sitting in the doorway of a building .	who is sitting in the doorway of a building ?	woman
12231	man is standing in an ice rink practicing hockey .	who is standing in an ice rink practicing hockey ?	man
12231	man is standing in an ice rink practicing hockey .	where is man standing practicing hockey . ?	rink
12232	man is putting hockey uniform .	who is putting hockey uniform ?	man
12232	man is putting hockey uniform .	what is man putting hockey ?	uniform
12233	Two little kids are sitting indian style on the carpet inside the house , they have a hookah and are smoking it .	who are sitting indian style on the carpet inside the house , they have a hookah and are smoking it ?	kids
12233	Two little kids are sitting indian style on the carpet inside the house , they have a hookah and are smoking it .	who are two little kids sitting on the carpet inside the house , they have a hookah and are smoking it ?	style
12233	Two little kids are sitting indian style on the carpet inside the house , they have a hookah and are smoking it .	how many little kids are sitting indian style on the carpet inside the house ?	two
12237	Two girls are seen speaking to the camera with one giving a thumbs up .	who are seen speaking to the camera with one giving a thumbs up ?	girls
12237	Two girls are seen speaking to the camera with one giving a thumbs up .	how many girls are seen speaking to the camera with one giving a thumbs up ?	two
12238	The girls then play a game of hop scotch with each other and high giving one another in the end .	who then play the game of hop scotch with each other and high giving one another in the end ?	girls
12239	A woman is seen holding onto a brush and grabbing a brush .	who is seen holding onto the brush and grabbing a brush ?	woman
12240	Another girl brushes through her hair while the camera pans her movements .	who brushes through her hair while the camera pans her movements ?	girl
12243	A man dressed in black , seated on a stool is playing the acoustic guitar in the store where the guitars are displayed .	who dressed in black , seated on a stool is playing the acoustic guitar in the store where the guitars are displayed ?	man
12243	A man dressed in black , seated on a stool is playing the acoustic guitar in the store where the guitars are displayed .	the man dressed in black , seated on a stool is playing what in the store where the guitars are displayed ?	guitar
12243	A man dressed in black , seated on a stool is playing the acoustic guitar in the store where the guitars are displayed .	what is the color of the man ?	black
12244	The man continues playing the guitar .	who continues playing the guitar ?	man
12246	An adult and several teen in canoes holds paddles .	what does an adult and several teen in canoes hold ?	paddles
12247	The man shows the teens how to move the oars .	who shows the teens how to move the oars ?	man
12248	The teens follow the instructions of the man and row the oars .	what do the teens row ?	oars
12254	A man starts playing a harmonica .	who starts playing the harmonica ?	man
12256	snowy mountins are shown and people is doing snowboard going down the hill holding poles .	what are snowy mountins shown and people is doing ?	snowboard
12258	ma is playing with a toy airplane .	who is playing with the toy airplane ?	ma
12259	people doing snowboarding are going down the mountain with red lighes and fireworks are in sky .	what are people doing are going down the mountain with red lighes and are in sky ?	fireworks
12259	people doing snowboarding are going down the mountain with red lighes and fireworks are in sky .	what is the color of the lighes ?	red
12260	A girl is standing in her home with her hands behind her back and her legs shoulder width apart .	who is standing in her home with her hands behind her back and her legs shoulder width apart ?	girl
12261	The girl then firmly drops her hands to her side , brings her feet together and does a bow and continues to do a routine of various karate moves .	who then firmly drops her hands to her side , brings her feet together and does a bow and continues to do a routine of various karate moves ?	girl
12261	The girl then firmly drops her hands to her side , brings her feet together and does a bow and continues to do a routine of various karate moves .	the girl then brings her feet together and does what ?	bow
12262	After she is done holding the position for a while the girl relaxes and then walks away .	who relaxes and then walks away ?	girl
12263	Two people are seen kneeling down before a board and pushing down objects .	how many people are seen kneeling down before the board and pushing down objects ?	two
12264	Other people watch on the side as the two robots begin to attack one another .	how many robots do other people watch on the side as begin to attack one another ?	two
12265	One pushes the other off the side and the men put the robots back to battle several more .	what does one push the other off the side and the men put back ?	robots
12266	man is standing in front of a screen talking to the camera .	who is standing in front of a screen talking to the camera ?	man
12267	a woman is playing with a cat and its in table with a nail clipper cutting the cat 's nails .	who is playing with the cat and its in table with a nail clipper cutting the cat 's nails ?	woman
12268	An athletic woman is seen talking to the camera and leads into her teaching a cycling class with others .	who is seen talking to the camera and leads into her teaching a cycling class with others ?	woman
12270	A lady sits in the shower washing a fluffy dog .	who sits in the shower washing a fluffy dog ?	lady
12271	The lady leans over the dog and washes his front paw on the left .	who leans over the dog and washes his front paw on the left ?	lady
12271	The lady leans over the dog and washes his front paw on the left .	what does the lady wash on the left ?	paw
12272	A camera follows around a small boat that is moving along the water as well as landscapes .	what follows around the small boat that is moving along the water as well as landscapes ?	camera
12273	The camera zooms in on the boat and shows people riding inside .	what zooms in on the boat and shows people riding inside ?	camera
12274	A man is walking up a ladder to a roof .	who is walking up the ladder to a roof ?	man
12278	There are two people shown playing in a casino .	how many people are there shown playing in a casino ?	two
12279	A representative from Blackjack is showing a casino gambling game .	what is the representative from blackjack showing gambling ?	game
12285	A cowboy is riding on a horse in a large arena and is swinging his rope .	who is riding on the horse in a large arena and is swinging his rope ?	cowboy
12285	A cowboy is riding on a horse in a large arena and is swinging his rope .	what is the cowboy swinging ?	rope
12289	Two girls are standing in a shop and hug each other .	who are standing in the shop and hug each other ?	girls
12289	Two girls are standing in a shop and hug each other .	how many girls are standing in the shop and hug each other ?	two
12289	Two girls are standing in a shop and hug each other .	where are two girls standing and hug each other . ?	shop
12290	The two girls acknowledge the girl holding the camera .	who acknowledge the girl holding the camera ?	girls
12290	The two girls acknowledge the girl holding the camera .	how many girls acknowledge the girl holding the camera ?	two
12292	The woman working in the shop straightens the girls head and marks her ear and pierces her right ear , as the girl makes faces .	who is working in the shop straightens the girls head and marks her ear and pierces her right ear , as the girl makes faces ?	woman
12293	The woman looks shocked as the worker talks to her and holds the mirror for h er to see the ear .	who looks shocked as the worker talks to her and holds the mirror for h er to see the ear ?	woman
12295	The girl shows her ear as she sits in the chair and tries not to cry as the camera zooms in on her ear .	who shows her ear as she sits in the chair and tries not to cry as the camera zooms in on her ear ?	girl
12295	The girl shows her ear as she sits in the chair and tries not to cry as the camera zooms in on her ear .	where does the girl show her ear as she sits and tries not to cry as the camera zooms in on her ear . ?	chair
12296	A woman is seen speaking to a camera and leads into herself with wet hair and brushing it through .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into herself with wet hair and brushing it through ?	woman
12297	Her hair is snow dry and she puts clips into her hair and begins curling .	what is her hair snow dry and she puts into her hair and begins curling ?	clips
12299	A big green garbage can is pushed up against a brick wall and a reindeer jumps out drinking from a coffee cup .	what can the big green garbage is pushed up against a brick wall and jumps out drinking from a coffee cup ?	reindeer
12299	A big green garbage can is pushed up against a brick wall and a reindeer jumps out drinking from a coffee cup .	what is the color of the garbage ?	green
12300	The reindeer continues to drink out of the coffee cup and eventually falls out of over the garbage can .	what continues to drink out of the coffee cup and eventually falls out of over the garbage can ?	reindeer
12301	A child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing skies .	what is the child ski on the snow holding ?	poles
12301	A child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing skies .	what is the child ski on the snow wearing ?	skies
12301	A child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing skies .	how many poles is the child ski on the snow holding ?	two
12302	Adults ski behind the child .	who ski behind the child ?	adults
12303	Then the child stops , then start to walk until start sliding on the hill .	then who stops , then start to walk until start sliding on the hill ?	child
12306	A boat is prepared and the group starts water skiing , wakeboarding , and the like .	what is prepared and the group starts water skiing , wakeboarding , and the like ?	boat
12311	A man in a blue sweater is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the sweater ?	blue
12312	The baker is putting a safe ring on a silicone molder .	who is putting the safe ring on a silicone molder ?	baker
12313	The baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray in the oven and put the cake in the oven .	who pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray in the oven and put the cake in the oven ?	baker
12313	The baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray in the oven and put the cake in the oven .	what do the baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place in the oven and put the cake in the oven ?	tray
12313	The baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray in the oven and put the cake in the oven .	what do the baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray in the oven and put in the oven ?	cake
12313	The baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray in the oven and put the cake in the oven .	what is the color of the molder ?	purple
12313	The baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray in the oven and put the cake in the oven .	where do the baker pour the batter in the purple molder , then he place a silicone tray and put the cake in the oven . ?	oven
12314	The baker turn over the cake in the plate and put icing and fruits on top .	who turn over the cake in the plate and put icing and fruits on top ?	baker
12314	The baker turn over the cake in the plate and put icing and fruits on top .	where do the baker turn over the cake . ?	plate
12315	The baker put safety ling on the molder , put jelly in it , then he put the jelly off the molder .	who put safety ling on the molder , put jelly in it , then he put the jelly off the molder ?	baker
12315	The baker put safety ling on the molder , put jelly in it , then he put the jelly off the molder .	what did the baker put on the molder , put jelly in it , then he put the jelly off the molder ?	ling
12315	The baker put safety ling on the molder , put jelly in it , then he put the jelly off the molder .	what did the baker put safety ling on the molder , put jelly in it , then he put off the molder ?	jelly
12316	The baker made popsicles and cake decorations and chocolates using the molder .	who made popsicles and cake decorations and chocolates using the molder ?	baker
12317	A man is seen riding along on a horse and then ropes a calf while others watch .	who is seen riding along on the horse and then ropes a calf while others watch ?	man
12318	The man then ties up the calf and climbs up on the horse and others step into the ring .	who then ties up the calf and climbs up on the horse and others step into the ring ?	man
12318	The man then ties up the calf and climbs up on the horse and others step into the ring .	what does the man then tie up ?	calf
12319	A woman is seen walking into frame and speaking to the camera while holding various objects in her hands .	who is seen walking into frame and speaking to the camera while holding various objects in her hands ?	woman
12321	A female gymnast is shown in a photograph .	who is shown in the photograph ?	gymnast
12321	A female gymnast is shown in a photograph .	where is the female gymnast shown . ?	photograph
12325	a child is sitting on a counter with a container of water colors .	who is sitting on the counter with a container of water colors ?	child
12326	She is using a paint brush to apply the paints to her face .	what is she using ?	brush
12328	A boat goes on to a lake with a rope behind it .	what goes on to the lake with a rope behind it ?	boat
12329	A boy grabs the rope and goes in the water after the boat .	who grabs the rope and goes in the water after the boat ?	boy
12329	A boy grabs the rope and goes in the water after the boat .	what does the boy grab ?	rope
12330	The boat begins to speed up .	what begins to speed up ?	boat
12331	The boy is brought to his feet and begins to water ski .	who is brought to his feet and begins to water ski ?	boy
12332	A man walks onto a mat and lifts a large weight over his head .	who walks onto the mat and lifts a large weight over his head ?	man
12333	A man in a red shirt is sitting down .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
12334	A man walks up and lifts a large weight over his head and drops it on the ground .	who walks up and lifts the large weight over his head and drops it on the ground ?	man
12335	Another man comes onto the mat and lifts a weight over their head .	who comes onto the mat and lifts a weight over their head ?	man
12336	A man is seen standing in front of a mirror holding a razor .	who is seen standing in front of a mirror holding a razor ?	man
12340	girl is on skateboard in the living room and to the room again .	who is on skateboard in the living room and to the room again ?	girl
12341	little girl is in library and grab something and then starts dancing in the room .	who is in library and grab something and then starts dancing in the room ?	girl
12341	little girl is in library and grab something and then starts dancing in the room .	where does little girl start dancing . ?	room
12342	A woman is seen speaking to the camera in front of a large exercise bar and begins standing on the equipment while speaking and using her hands .	who is seen speaking to the camera in front of a large exercise bar and begins standing on the equipment while speaking and using her hands ?	woman
12343	The woman continues to demonstrate how to properly execute the exercises while moving her arms and legs back and fourth .	who continues to demonstrate how to properly execute the exercises while moving her arms and legs back and fourth ?	woman
12345	They quickly play drums before a crowd .	what do they quickly play before a crowd ?	drums
12346	An older man is then seen also playing drums .	who is then seen also playing drums ?	man
12347	A camera pans around a shop and pans back to a girl talking .	what pans around the shop and pans back to a girl talking ?	camera
12349	She continues talking to the camera and eventually shows footage of her getting her nose pierced .	she eventually shows what of her getting her nose pierced ?	footage
12351	Finally she shows a book as well as a bag with white powder and herself in a pony tail .	what does finally she show a book as well as with white powder and herself in a pony tail ?	bag
12351	Finally she shows a book as well as a bag with white powder and herself in a pony tail .	what is the color of the powder ?	white
12353	The man pretends to play the drums , and then continues talking .	who pretends to play the drums , and then continues talking ?	man
12354	This man is trying to shoot the white ball on the pool table backwards .	who is trying to shoot the white ball on the pool table backwards ?	man
12354	This man is trying to shoot the white ball on the pool table backwards .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
12357	We see a little girl painting a fence red .	who do we see painting a fence red ?	girl
12357	We see a little girl painting a fence red .	we see a little girl painting what ?	red
12358	The girl puts more paint on her brush .	who puts more paint on her brush ?	girl
12358	The girl puts more paint on her brush .	what does the girl put on her brush ?	paint
12359	The girl fills her brush again .	who fills her brush again ?	girl
12361	The adult points at a missed spot .	who points at the missed spot ?	adult
12362	A woman with black hair is explaining something .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
12363	The woman pulls out a container with hair rolls .	who pulls out the container with hair rolls ?	woman
12364	The woman pulls out a bottle of shampoo .	who pulls out the bottle of shampoo ?	woman
12365	The woman rolls her hair and pins it in place and leaves it for ten minutes .	who rolls her hair and pins it in place and leaves it for ten minutes ?	woman
12366	The women removes the rolls from her hair .	who removes the rolls from her hair ?	women
12367	The woman takes out hair spray and sprays it on her hair .	who takes out hair spray and sprays it on her hair ?	woman
12368	There are two sets of people along a rope and they are separated in the middle by referees .	how many sets are there of people along a rope ?	two
12371	Two people then get in the tubes and are pushed down the slopes .	how many people then get in the tubes and are pushed down the slopes ?	two
12374	The camera continues to capture the man blowing the leaves and uses several camera effects on the frames .	what continues to capture the man blowing the leaves and uses several camera effects on the frames ?	camera
12374	The camera continues to capture the man blowing the leaves and uses several camera effects on the frames .	what does the camera use on the frames ?	effects
12378	A man walks into a room and grabs a bucket and returns with it .	who walks into the room and grabs a bucket and returns with it ?	man
12379	We see a man in a bright shirt mix plaster in a bucket and spread it on a wall .	who do we see in a bright shirt mix plaster in a bucket ?	man
12380	The man adds more plaster to his base and spreads it on the wall .	who adds more plaster to his base and spreads it on the wall ?	man
12381	An athlete is seen walking into a circle and preparing himself to throw a shot put .	who is seen walking into the circle and preparing himself to throw a shot put ?	athlete
12382	The man throws the object several times after spinning around and several people watching on the sidelines .	who throws the object several times after spinning around and several people watching on the sidelines ?	man
12383	A man sits down in a chair putting his sneakers on and points to a fox running in .	who sits down in the chair putting his sneakers on and points to a fox running in ?	man
12384	The fox stands by the man and jumps up and down on his lap while he continues to put his shoes on .	what stands by the man and jumps up and down on his lap while he continues to put his shoes on ?	fox
12385	A person puts tape on a leather sofa to form a square .	what does the person put on a leather sofa ?	tape
12386	Then , the person apply foam to a sponge and cleans inside the square .	what do then , the person apply to a sponge ?	foam
12387	After , the person clean with a cloth and peels the tape .	what does after , the person peel ?	tape
12388	Next , the person cleans all the sofa putting foam on a cloth and rubbing the sofa .	what does next , the person clean ?	sofa
12389	A shoe polishing machine sits in a living room .	what sits in the living room ?	machine
12389	A shoe polishing machine sits in a living room .	where does the shoe polishing machine sit . ?	room
12390	A man walks up to the shoe polishing machine a turns it on .	who walks up to the shoe polishing machine a turns it on ?	man
12391	The man wearing blue jeans begins bushing his black shoes .	who is wearing blue jeans begins bushing his black shoes ?	man
12391	The man wearing blue jeans begins bushing his black shoes .	the man wearing what begins bushing his black shoes ?	jeans
12391	The man wearing blue jeans begins bushing his black shoes .	what is the color of the jeans ?	blue
12391	The man wearing blue jeans begins bushing his black shoes .	what is the color of the shoes ?	black
12392	The man then begins brushing and polishing his brown shoes .	who then begins brushing and polishing his brown shoes ?	man
12392	The man then begins brushing and polishing his brown shoes .	what is the color of the shoes ?	brown
12393	The man approaches the shoe polishing machine and brushes his grey sneakers .	who approaches the shoe polishing machine and brushes his grey sneakers ?	man
12393	The man approaches the shoe polishing machine and brushes his grey sneakers .	what is the color of the sneakers ?	gray
12394	The man crouches down and pulls out a dust bin from under the polishing machine .	who crouches down and pulls out the dust bin from under the polishing machine ?	man
12396	They give the horns back and the man plays while walking up and down the stage .	what do they give back and the man plays while walking up and down the stage ?	horns
12396	They give the horns back and the man plays while walking up and down the stage .	who do they give the horns back and plays while walking up and down the stage ?	man
12399	The woman sits in a chair as a tattoo artist makes a snowflake on her arm .	who sits in the chair as a tattoo artist makes a snowflake on her arm ?	woman
12399	The woman sits in a chair as a tattoo artist makes a snowflake on her arm .	where does the woman sit as a tattoo artist makes a snowflake on her arm . ?	chair
12402	A man is standing in a gym .	who is standing in the gym ?	man
12402	A man is standing in a gym .	where is the man standing . ?	gym
12405	The woman is riding a camel as she talks to the camera .	who is riding the camel as she talks to the camera ?	woman
12405	The woman is riding a camel as she talks to the camera .	what is the woman riding ?	camel
12406	A man is guiding the camel and giving the camel food .	who is guiding the camel and giving the camel food ?	man
12406	A man is guiding the camel and giving the camel food .	what is the man guiding and giving the camel food ?	camel
12406	A man is guiding the camel and giving the camel food .	what is the man guiding the camel and giving ?	food
12407	The woman is reporting while she is on the back of the camel .	who is reporting while she is on the back of the camel ?	woman
12409	The person uses soap to rub vigorously the hands .	what does the person use ?	soap
12412	The words `` speed cubing 53 sec '' appear on a black screen .	the words `` speed cubing how many sec '' appear on a black screen ?	53
12412	The words `` speed cubing 53 sec '' appear on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
12413	A young man sits at a table and starts playing with a Rubik 's Cube .	who sits at the table and starts playing with a rubik 's cube ?	man
12414	The man solves the puzzle completing all sides of the cube and the screen goes black .	who solves the puzzle completing all sides of the cube and the screen goes black ?	man
12414	The man solves the puzzle completing all sides of the cube and the screen goes black .	what does the man solve the puzzle completing all sides of the cube and goes black ?	screen
12415	A cat is scratching its paws on the carpet .	what is scratching its paws on the carpet ?	cat
12415	A cat is scratching its paws on the carpet .	what is the cat scratching on the carpet ?	paws
12416	A man holds the cats paw and starts clipping its nails .	who holds the cats paw and starts clipping its nails ?	man
12416	A man holds the cats paw and starts clipping its nails .	what does the man hold ?	paw
12417	He holds the cat outside .	what does he hold outside ?	cat
12419	They board the plane before taking off , showing the runway and clouds in the sky .	what do they board before taking off , showing the runway and clouds in the sky ?	airplane
12420	They are in an airport , then driving down the road .	where are they , then driving down the road . ?	airport
12421	Finally they are riding a boat in the coean , looking at a map and chartering the waters .	who are finally they riding a boat in the coean , looking at a map and chartering ?	waters
12424	A man is then seen speaking to the camera and moving his arms around .	who is then seen speaking to the camera and moving his arms around ?	man
12425	More clips are shown of the person swimming along the water .	what are shown of the person swimming along the water ?	clips
12426	A young man is shown in a room playing ping pong .	who is shown in the room playing ping pong ?	man
12430	A young woman on a white horse is shown riding through the field .	what is the color of the horse ?	white
12431	The lady is then shown exercising on a blue mat doing several yoga stretches .	who is then shown exercising on the blue mat doing several yoga stretches ?	lady
12431	The lady is then shown exercising on a blue mat doing several yoga stretches .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
12433	Finally , the screen returns and she is shown in horseback riding in the field going through the stable .	what does finally , return and she is shown in horseback riding in the field going through the stable ?	screen
12435	One member scores as the camera pans around them and a man watching .	how many member scores as the camera pans around them and a man watching ?	one
12436	A boy is sitting at a table fiddling with a Rubik 's cube and then places it on the table .	who is sitting at the table fiddling with a rubik 's cube and then places it on the table ?	boy
12437	The boy then picks it up and begins competing with four other males to solve it .	who then picks it up and begins competing with four other males to solve it ?	boy
12438	Once solved , the boy slams his arms against a black bar that stops the timer and the judge times him at 20 seconds .	who does , slam his arms against a black bar that stops the timer and the judge times him at 20 seconds ?	boy
12438	Once solved , the boy slams his arms against a black bar that stops the timer and the judge times him at 20 seconds .	what is the color of the bar ?	black
12439	A man is seen standing in a large pit with a group of children and teaching them how to stand .	who is seen standing in the large pit with a group of children and teaching them how to stand ?	man
12440	The kids then get powder on their hands and the man chases them around and has fun .	who then get powder on their hands and the man chases them around and has fun ?	kids
12440	The kids then get powder on their hands and the man chases them around and has fun .	who do the kids then get powder on their hands and chases them around and has fun ?	man
12441	The camera pans around an athletic woman standing ready and others watching her on the side .	what pans around an athletic woman standing ready and others watching her on the side ?	camera
12442	She jumps high over a pole and walks away as her jump is shown again in slow motion and another runner steps up .	she jumps high over a pole and walks and who steps up ?	runner
12443	Several more women are shown jumping over the beam while their scores are shown immediately afterwards .	who are shown jumping over the beam while their scores are shown immediately afterwards ?	women
12446	The two men fence in between title screens .	how many men fence in between title screens ?	two
12448	We see a man 's helmet .	who do we see helmet ?	man
12448	We see a man 's helmet .	what do we see ?	helmet
12451	A man picks up a heavy weight .	who picks up the heavy weight ?	man
12453	There 's a woman dressed in a brown dress standing next to another lady in blue who is demonstrating a recipe .	who does there 's dressed in a brown dress standing next to another lady in blue who is demonstrating a recipe ?	woman
12453	There 's a woman dressed in a brown dress standing next to another lady in blue who is demonstrating a recipe .	what is the color of the dress ?	brown
12455	The chef is talking about the recipes that the ingredients are used for .	who is talking about the recipes that the ingredients are used for ?	chef
12456	There 's a white plate with shredded meat on the kitchen counter .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
12457	The chef then picks up the meat plate and gives it to the lady in brown .	who then picks up the meat plate and gives it to the lady in brown ?	chef
12457	The chef then picks up the meat plate and gives it to the lady in brown .	what does the chef then pick up ?	plate
12457	The chef then picks up the meat plate and gives it to the lady in brown .	what is the color of the lady ?	brown
12458	The presenter then empties the meat into a blue bowl .	who then empties the meat into a blue bowl ?	presenter
12458	The presenter then empties the meat into a blue bowl .	what does the presenter then empty into a blue bowl ?	meat
12458	The presenter then empties the meat into a blue bowl .	what is the color of the bowl ?	blue
12459	The chef continues to explain the recipe .	who continues to explain the recipe ?	chef
12460	Then they add some chopped cucumber to the blue bowl and mix it with a spoon .	what do then they add to the blue bowl ?	cucumber
12460	Then they add some chopped cucumber to the blue bowl and mix it with a spoon .	what is the color of the bowl ?	blue
12461	The chef shows the cucumbers she has used in the salad .	who shows the cucumbers she has used in the salad ?	chef
12461	The chef shows the cucumbers she has used in the salad .	what does the chef show ?	cucumbers
12462	Then they add chopped cherry tomatoes , followed by sliced white onions and some leafy greens .	what is the color of the onions ?	white
12464	A girl moves around an indoor playground .	who moves around an indoor playground ?	girl
12465	The girl slides down and climbs up a slide with boy .	who slides down and climbs up the slide with boy ?	girl
12467	A man holds a hummer sits on the ground .	who holds the hummer sits on the ground ?	man
12468	Then , the man spins the hammer several times and throw it far .	then , who spins the hammer several times and throw it far ?	man
12469	Other man perform the hammer throw while people watch .	who perform the hammer throw while people watch ?	man
12471	One girl wearing a bikini and holding a Coke can in her hand is rubbing sunscreen on another woman 's chest .	who wearing a bikini and holding a coke can in her hand is rubbing sunscreen on another woman 's chest ?	girl
12471	One girl wearing a bikini and holding a Coke can in her hand is rubbing sunscreen on another woman 's chest .	one girl wearing a bikini and holding what in her hand is rubbing sunscreen on another woman 's chest ?	can
12471	One girl wearing a bikini and holding a Coke can in her hand is rubbing sunscreen on another woman 's chest .	one girl wearing a bikini and holding a coke can in her hand is rubbing what on another woman 's chest ?	sunscreen
12471	One girl wearing a bikini and holding a Coke can in her hand is rubbing sunscreen on another woman 's chest .	how many girl wearing a bikini and holding a coke can in her hand is rubbing sunscreen on another woman 's chest ?	one
12474	We then see the water polo games in video , as the players try to lob the ball into a net .	who do we then see games in video , ?	polo
12476	A crowd is gathered around a black tiled area .	what is the color of the area ?	black
12477	A man in black does some breakdance moves .	what is the color of the man ?	black
12478	He then trades off with a man in white , Several breakdancers trade off displaying moves as the crowd looks on .	what is the color of the breakdancers ?	white
12481	A player on a horse hits the ball .	what does the player on a horse hit ?	ball
12483	A young woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her showing off her hair then tying it into a ponytail .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her showing off her hair then tying it into a ponytail ?	woman
12486	A white screen appears and happy faces are displayed and black text words read `` happyface Entertainment '' .	what appears and happy faces are displayed and black text words read `` happyface entertainment '' ?	screen
12486	A white screen appears and happy faces are displayed and black text words read `` happyface Entertainment '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
12486	A white screen appears and happy faces are displayed and black text words read `` happyface Entertainment '' .	what is the color of the words ?	black
12487	There are two Asian women standing face to face very close to one another and talking about a can while subtitles show up at the bottom .	who are there standing face to face very close to one another and talking about a can while subtitles show up at the bottom ?	women
12487	There are two Asian women standing face to face very close to one another and talking about a can while subtitles show up at the bottom .	how many asian women are there standing face to face very close to one another and talking about a can while subtitles show up at the bottom ?	two
12488	The women laugh , smell the contents in the bottle and the brunette tastes a little bit of it and they both laugh .	who , smell the contents in the bottle and the brunette tastes a little bit of it and they both laugh ?	laugh
12489	A black screen appears with the white letters and numbers that say EXAM 2012 .	what appears with the white letters and numbers that say exam 2012 ?	screen
12489	A black screen appears with the white letters and numbers that say EXAM 2012 .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
12490	An outdoor of a two story older building is shown and the white letters on the screen say Bolshoi Ballet Academy .	what is the color of the letters ?	white
12491	A sandwich is sitting on a counter .	what is sitting on the counter ?	sandwich
12493	A person puts cucumbers on top of the sandwich .	what does the person put on top of the sandwich ?	cucumbers
12494	A man is shown smoking a cigarette continuously blowing smoke out of his mouth and looking into the camera .	who is shown smoking the cigarette continuously blowing smoke out of his mouth and looking into the camera ?	man
12495	He puts sunglasses on and continues taking puffs off the cigarette .	what does he put on ?	sunglasses
12497	Two small children as seen sitting at a table laughing with one another .	how many small children as seen sitting at a table laughing with one another ?	two
12498	One girl is seen painting another 's nails while she looks off into the distance .	who is seen painting another 's nails while she looks off into the distance ?	girl
12498	One girl is seen painting another 's nails while she looks off into the distance .	how many girl is seen painting another 's nails while she looks off into the distance ?	one
12499	The girl continues painting the others ' nails while she laughs into the camera .	who continues painting the others ' nails while she laughs into the camera ?	girl
12500	A person takes a knife and cut the ends of a potato , then the person peels the potato .	the person takes a knife and cut the ends of a potato , then the person peels what ?	potato
12501	After , the person cut the potato in squares .	what did after , the person cut in squares ?	potato
12502	We see a pink opening scene .	what do we see ?	scene
12503	A lady walks up stairs and people are gathered in a plaza outdoors .	who walks up stairs and people are gathered in a plaza outdoors ?	lady
12505	Runners are running down a city street in a marathon .	who are running down the city street in a marathon ?	runners
12510	A lady photo shops her picture in with the mariachi band .	what did the lady photo shop in with the mariachi band ?	picture
12512	There 's a girl talking about cheer leading , gymnastics and tumbling .	who does there 's talking about cheer leading , gymnastics and tumbling ?	girl
12516	A child helps push a lawn mower with an adult to cut the grass .	who helps push the lawn mower with an adult to cut the grass ?	child
12516	A child helps push a lawn mower with an adult to cut the grass .	what does the child help push with an adult to cut the grass ?	mower
12517	A man mows the lawn of a large yard along with a child watching nearby .	who mows the lawn of a large yard along with a child watching nearby ?	man
12518	The man empties out the collection hopper bag on the lawn mower and empties it into a trash bin and wheels it away .	who empties out the collection hopper bag on the lawn mower and empties it into a trash bin and wheels it away ?	man
12519	The child plays with the lawn mower while turned off .	who plays with the lawn mower while turned off ?	child
12520	A boy is shown swinging on a piece of gymnastic equipment with others training in the background .	who is shown swinging on the piece of gymnastic equipment with others training in the background ?	boy
12521	The camera shows several shots of different boys swinging on the equipment around and around with the camera panning to different angles .	what shows several shots of different boys swinging on the equipment around and around with the camera panning to different angles ?	camera
12522	A coach gives instructions to boys in a basketball court .	who gives instructions to boys in a basketball court ?	coach
12523	Then , two young men demonstrate the boys how to pass and shoot the ball in the basket .	who do then , two young men demonstrate ?	boys
12523	Then , two young men demonstrate the boys how to pass and shoot the ball in the basket .	how many young men do then , demonstrate the boys how to pass and shoot the ball in the basket ?	two
12523	Then , two young men demonstrate the boys how to pass and shoot the ball in the basket .	where do then , two young men demonstrate the boys how to pass and shoot the ball . ?	basket
12524	After , the young man helps the boys throw the ball in the basket , while by two run passing the ball to shoot in a basket .	where does after , the young man help the boys throw the ball , while by two run passing the ball to shoot in a basket . ?	basket
12526	pitcher throw the ball to the batter playing criquet .	who throw the ball to the batter playing criquet ?	pitcher
12526	pitcher throw the ball to the batter playing criquet .	what do pitcher throw to the batter playing criquet ?	ball
12527	the batter is fighing with the man and other people trye to calm him down .	who is fighing with the man and other people trye to calm him down ?	batter
12528	a lo of people wearing black unifroms are running in the field fighting .	what is the color of the unifroms ?	black
12529	Various women are seen walking around with shot puts in their hands followed by more shots of athletes walking around , throwing the ball , and waving to the crowd .	who are seen walking around with shot puts in their hands followed by more shots of athletes walking around , throwing the ball , and waving to the crowd ?	women
12531	Two men play bagpipes in front of a row of police officers and a man in a military uniform , all as a photographer takes their photo from below .	what do two men play in front of a row of police officers and a man in a military uniform , all ?	bagpipes
12531	Two men play bagpipes in front of a row of police officers and a man in a military uniform , all as a photographer takes their photo from below .	how many men play bagpipes in front of a row of police officers and a man in a military uniform , all as a photographer takes their photo from below ?	two
12534	A man wearing gloves is on his hands and knees using a power tool that is creating sparks .	who is wearing gloves is on his hands and knees using a power tool that is creating sparks ?	man
12534	A man wearing gloves is on his hands and knees using a power tool that is creating sparks .	the man wearing what is on his hands and knees using a power tool that is creating sparks ?	gloves
12536	boy is standing in front of a door talking with other boys in front of a kitchen .	who is standing in front of a door talking with other boys in front of a kitchen ?	boy
12537	man walks to the living room in front of a ping pong table .	who walks to the living room in front of a ping pong table ?	man
12538	man are putting the shoes , grabs a skateboard and is skateboarding by a sidewalk with her friends .	who are putting the shoes , grabs a skateboard and is skateboarding by a sidewalk with her friends ?	man
12538	man are putting the shoes , grabs a skateboard and is skateboarding by a sidewalk with her friends .	what does man grab ?	skateboard
12539	man is hanging from lianas on a tree on a park .	who is hanging from lianas on a tree on a park ?	man
12540	A kid is standing with some men at a chair lift , dressed in ski gear .	who is standing with some men at a chair lift , dressed in ski gear ?	kid
12541	The boy skis down a hill , but falls down .	who skis down the hill , but falls down ?	boy
12546	A man wearing a white fencing outfit walks over to a woman in leather with her hands tied together .	who is wearing a white fencing outfit walks over to a woman in leather with her hands tied together ?	man
12546	A man wearing a white fencing outfit walks over to a woman in leather with her hands tied together .	the man wearing what walks over to a woman in leather with her hands tied together ?	outfit
12546	A man wearing a white fencing outfit walks over to a woman in leather with her hands tied together .	what is the color of the outfit ?	white
12553	A man wearing yellow kicks the ball into the goal and celebrates with his team before a replay of his goal is shown .	who kicks the ball into the goal and celebrates with his team before a replay of his goal is shown ?	yellow
12553	A man wearing yellow kicks the ball into the goal and celebrates with his team before a replay of his goal is shown .	what does the man wearing yellow kick into the goal ?	ball
12554	The game continues and two men knock each other down before the red team scores a goal and a replay is shown .	how many men is knock each other down before the red team scores a goal and a replay is shown ?	two
12554	The game continues and two men knock each other down before the red team scores a goal and a replay is shown .	what is the color of the scores ?	red
12555	The yellow team tries to score and is blocked multiple times before finally scoring and a replay of this goal is shown twice .	what is the color of the team ?	yellow
12556	The game continues until the red team scores .	what is the color of the scores ?	red
12557	A man from each team kicks the ball at the goal , each man gets the ball in the net and it flies back out .	who does the man from each team kick the ball at the goal , gets the ball in the net and it flies back out ?	man
12557	A man from each team kicks the ball at the goal , each man gets the ball in the net and it flies back out .	where does the man from each team kick the ball at the goal , each man gets the ball and it flies back out . ?	net
12559	When the next red team member kicks , the goalie blocks the ball .	who does , block the ball ?	goalie
12559	When the next red team member kicks , the goalie blocks the ball .	what does , the goalie block ?	ball
12559	When the next red team member kicks , the goalie blocks the ball .	what is the color of the member ?	red
12560	Another man from each team scores before the goalie blocks a ball kicked by a man in yellow .	what does another man from each team scores before the goalie block kicked by a man in yellow ?	ball
12564	Skiers are traveling on a lift .	who are traveling on the lift ?	skiers
12569	She places the various ingredients into a bowl and garnishes it very precisely .	what does she place into a bowl ?	ingredients
12570	She then pours a sauce all over it .	what does she then pour all over it ?	sauce
12574	The girl pushes it down on the sides and begins tapping the box .	who pushes it down on the sides and begins tapping the box ?	girl
12576	The screen opens up with an ACDC promo .	what opens up with an acdc promo ?	screen
12577	A little boy is speaking to the camera .	who is speaking to the camera ?	boy
12578	The little boy begins to break dance and does many flips .	who begins to break dance and does many flips ?	boy
12580	man is standing behind a counte behind the pool .	who is standing behind the counte behind the pool ?	man
12581	two men are standing on top of trampolines and make a Synchronized jump into the pool .	how many men are standing on top of trampolines and make a synchronized jump into the pool ?	two
12582	man is going up the stairs to the trampoline .	who is going up the stairs to the trampoline ?	man
12582	man is going up the stairs to the trampoline .	what is man going up to the trampoline ?	stairs
12583	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads of a clip of people riding down a snowy hill on tubes .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads of a clip of people riding down a snowy hill on tubes ?	man
12586	Three kids are climbing up a mountain with out any rope .	who are climbing up the mountain with out any rope ?	kids
12586	Three kids are climbing up a mountain with out any rope .	what are three kids climbing up with out any rope ?	mountain
12586	Three kids are climbing up a mountain with out any rope .	how many kids are climbing up the mountain with out any rope ?	three
12588	They 're just three best friend doing everything together , walking , shopping , relaxing and climbing mountains .	who do they 're just three best ?	friend
12591	A green ball suddenly bounces across the fifty yard line .	what suddenly bounces across the fifty yard line ?	ball
12591	A green ball suddenly bounces across the fifty yard line .	what is the color of the ball ?	green
12593	A female gymnast mounts a high beam in front of her coach .	who mounts the high beam in front of her coach ?	gymnast
12596	A man is lying in bed under the covers .	who is lying in bed under the covers ?	man
12596	A man is lying in bed under the covers .	where is the man lying . ?	bed
12599	The man shaves his bear , making it much shorter before lying down in bed , cuddling with the bag filled with his beard hair .	who shaves his bear , making it much shorter before lying down in bed , cuddling with the bag filled with his beard hair ?	man
12599	The man shaves his bear , making it much shorter before lying down in bed , cuddling with the bag filled with his beard hair .	what does the man shave , ?	bear
12600	A boy is standing behind a counter .	who is standing behind the counter ?	boy
12602	A woman is standing next to him .	who is standing next to him ?	woman
12603	A girl is shown looking at several pictures of hairstyle and leads into another cutting one 's hair .	who is shown looking at several pictures of hairstyle and leads into another cutting one 's hair ?	girl
12604	The kids sits patiently with a towel on her head and speaking to the camera .	who sits patiently with the towel on her head and speaking to the camera ?	kids
12605	A goldfish is shown followed by a man cutting and styling her hair .	what is shown followed by the man cutting and styling her hair ?	goldfish
12606	The man cuts the girl 's hair and styles it into an adorable look .	who cuts the girl 's hair and styles it into an adorable look ?	man
12606	The man cuts the girl 's hair and styles it into an adorable look .	who does the man cut hair ?	girl
12607	The girl smiles and leaves the hair salon looking happy .	who smiles and leaves the hair salon looking happy ?	girl
12607	The girl smiles and leaves the hair salon looking happy .	what does the girl smile and leaves looking happy ?	salon
12611	The tire is now sitting on top of an object and they take it off .	what is now sitting on top of an object and they take it off ?	tire
12615	The person maneuver the sail to turn around .	what do the person maneuver ?	sail
12617	Women are waving flags around behind them .	what are women waving around behind them ?	flags
12618	A woman is doing a belly dance in the middle of the stage .	who is doing the belly dance in the middle of the stage ?	woman
12621	A boy is swinging back and forth .	who is swinging back and forth ?	boy
12622	The boy then falls on his face and cries .	who then falls on his face and cries ?	boy
12623	A woman in blue shorts hands a man a dart .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
12624	A man in a white hat throws a dart at a board .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
12625	The woman walks up to the board .	who walks up to the board ?	woman
12626	A man is working over the back of a trailer .	who is working over the back of a trailer ?	man
12629	A man in a chef 's outfit is talking in a kitchen while holding a potato .	where is the man in a chef 's outfit talking . ?	kitchen
12630	A man is working behind him as he peels the potato with a tool .	who is working behind him as he peels the potato with a tool ?	man
12633	Then the boy starts to play pool all by himself with the balls .	who does then start to play pool all by himself with the balls ?	boy
12634	There are several jockey riding brown horses in a stadium during a derby event .	who are there riding brown horses in a stadium during a derby event ?	jockey
12634	There are several jockey riding brown horses in a stadium during a derby event .	what is the color of the horses ?	brown
12636	The jockeys are getting ready to play polo as they move around with their sticks .	who are getting ready to play polo as they move around with their sticks ?	jockeys
12637	A woman cheers loudly in the camera .	who loudly in the camera ?	cheers
12637	A woman cheers loudly in the camera .	where does the woman cheers loudly . ?	camera
12638	The jockeys ride slowly around the field .	who ride slowly around the field ?	jockeys
12639	The boys lacrosse team is shown working out .	who is lacrosse shown working out ?	team
12640	They are then running drills on the gravel .	what are they then running on the gravel ?	drills
12643	Lastly a few members are at a professional game .	who are lastly at the professional game ?	members
12644	A woman is seen bending over a sink with a small child next to her .	who is seen bending over the sink with a small child next to her ?	woman
12646	The woman dries the girls hands in the end and shows her putting lotion on .	who dries the girls hands in the end and shows her putting lotion on ?	woman
12646	The woman dries the girls hands in the end and shows her putting lotion on .	who does the woman dry in the end ?	hands
12647	Two wires are seen laid across and table with a person putting a box on top .	what are seen laid across and table with a person putting a box on top ?	wires
12647	Two wires are seen laid across and table with a person putting a box on top .	how many wires are seen laid across and table with a person putting a box on top ?	two
12648	The person wraps the box with wires and tying a bow on top .	what does the person wrap the box with wires and tying on top ?	bow
12649	The person ties a candy cane with the box and shows it off to the camera .	what does the person tie with the box ?	cane
12657	A woman with blond hair prepares a sink dishwashing station with a hanging sink and drying bars above a metal channel .	what does the woman with blond hair prepare dishwashing station with a hanging sink and drying bars above a metal channel ?	sink
12657	A woman with blond hair prepares a sink dishwashing station with a hanging sink and drying bars above a metal channel .	the woman with blond hair prepares a sink dishwashing what with a hanging sink and drying bars above a metal channel ?	station
12658	The woman washes glasses , plates and knives and then places each on the racks to dry .	who washes glasses , plates and knives and then places each on the racks to dry ?	woman
12659	The woman finishes by pulling the plug on the hanging sink allowing the water to flow away in the channel underneath .	who finishes by pulling the plug on the hanging sink allowing the water to flow away in the channel underneath ?	woman
12661	woman is in the news talking to the camera about a hand sunscreen .	who is in the news talking to the camera about a hand sunscreen ?	woman
12662	woman is holding a sunscreen tube and put it in her arms , hands and face and the woman in studio keeps talkin about the natural sunscreen .	who is holding the sunscreen tube and put it in her arms , hands and face and the woman in studio keeps talkin about the natural sunscreen ?	woman
12662	woman is holding a sunscreen tube and put it in her arms , hands and face and the woman in studio keeps talkin about the natural sunscreen .	what is woman holding and the woman in studio keeps talkin about the natural sunscreen ?	tube
12664	The man draws and cuts away all around the front of the pumpkin while moving in fast motion .	who draws and cuts away all around the front of the pumpkin while moving in fast motion ?	man
12665	The man finishes his pumpkin and the camera pans all around the side .	who finishes his pumpkin and the camera pans all around the side ?	man
12665	The man finishes his pumpkin and the camera pans all around the side .	what does the man finish and the camera pans all around the side ?	pumpkin
12665	The man finishes his pumpkin and the camera pans all around the side .	what does the man finish his pumpkin and pans all around the side ?	camera
12666	a man is standing outside with a paint pan .	who is standing outside with the paint pan ?	man
12668	He shows off a paint roller .	what does he show off ?	roller
12670	A man is holding onto a bar as he is standing on a water ski .	who is holding onto the bar as he is standing on a water ski ?	man
12674	The camera cuts to closeup scenes of her fingers picking up a contact lens and holding it up .	what cuts to closeup scenes of her fingers picking up a contact lens and holding it up ?	camera
12675	The camera briefly cuts to the woman 's face before returning .	what briefly cuts to the woman 's face before returning ?	camera
12676	The woman puts the contact lens on her eye .	who puts the contact lens on her eye ?	woman
12677	The woman applies contact lens solution into her lens carrying case .	who applies contact lens solution into her lens carrying case ?	woman
12677	The woman applies contact lens solution into her lens carrying case .	what does the woman apply contact into her lens carrying case ?	solution
12678	The woman washes her hands .	who washes her hands ?	woman
12679	The woman removes the contact lens from her eye .	who removes the contact lens from her eye ?	woman
12679	The woman removes the contact lens from her eye .	what does the woman remove contact from her eye ?	lens
12680	The woman places the lens on her palm and , using solution , cleans it .	who places the lens on her palm and , using solution , cleans it ?	woman
12680	The woman places the lens on her palm and , using solution , cleans it .	what does the woman place on her palm ?	lens
12681	The woman places the lens into the case and adds solution .	who places the lens into the case and adds solution ?	woman
12681	The woman places the lens into the case and adds solution .	what does the woman place into the case ?	lens
12682	The woman begins to leave the camera frame .	who begins to leave the camera frame ?	woman
12684	The man then begins riding down the track with several others riding in front .	who then begins riding down the track with several others riding in front ?	man
12686	A man wearing a suit in the city walks down the streets of new york and meets up with another man who likes just like him .	who is wearing a suit in the city walks down the streets of new york and meets up with another man who likes just like him ?	man
12689	An athlete is seen walking forward while shaking her arms and legs around and adjusting her swim suit .	who is seen walking forward while shaking her arms and legs around and adjusting her swim suit ?	athlete
12690	The girl bends forward and performs a dive into the pool while the camera pans back to a scoreboard .	who bends forward and performs the dive into the pool while the camera pans back to a scoreboard ?	girl
12690	The girl bends forward and performs a dive into the pool while the camera pans back to a scoreboard .	what does the girl perform into the pool while the camera pans back to a scoreboard ?	dive
12693	He pulls up his pants and starts shaving his other leg .	what does he pull up ?	pants
12694	Old man is raking leaves outside his home in the fall .	who is raking leaves outside his home in the fall ?	man
12694	Old man is raking leaves outside his home in the fall .	what is old man raking outside his home in the fall ?	leaves
12696	There is a bike parked next to the house .	what is there parked next to the house ?	bicycle
12699	The people continuously throw the frisbee around the field while the dog chases afterwards and runs around the field .	what do the people continuously throw around the field ?	frisbee
12702	the lady shakes out a dress and puts it on an ironing board .	who shakes out the dress and puts it on an ironing board ?	lady
12702	the lady shakes out a dress and puts it on an ironing board .	what does the lady shake out ?	dress
12703	The lady rubs the dress and straitens it out .	who rubs the dress and straitens it out ?	lady
12703	The lady rubs the dress and straitens it out .	what does the lady rub ?	dress
12704	The lady puts a shirt on the board then puts it back in the basket .	who puts the shirt on the board then puts it back in the basket ?	lady
12704	The lady puts a shirt on the board then puts it back in the basket .	where does the lady put a shirt on the board puts it back . ?	basket
12705	The lady folds the dress , smiles and the scene ends .	who folds the dress , smiles and the scene ends ?	lady
12707	Then , the person covers a wood box with carpet and cuts the leftovers .	what does then , the person cover with carpet ?	box
12707	Then , the person covers a wood box with carpet and cuts the leftovers .	what does then , the person cut ?	leftovers
12708	Then , the person fold the carpet on the borders and cut the parts not needed .	what do then , the person fold on the borders ?	carpet
12709	A caucasion woman is standing in the kitchen talking to a toddler and they begin banging their fist on the island .	who is standing in the kitchen talking to a toddler and they begin banging their fist on the island ?	woman
12710	A red screen appears with a picture of lemonade and the two reappear .	what appears with the picture of lemonade and the two reappear ?	screen
12710	A red screen appears with a picture of lemonade and the two reappear .	what is the color of the screen ?	red
12711	The lady begins talking extremely energetic to the camera .	who begins talking extremely energetic to the camera ?	lady
12713	Lastly , the toddler dumps a cup of ice in the blender and the lady blends the ingredients .	who does lastly , dump the cup of ice in the blender and the lady blends the ingredients ?	toddler
12714	Once done , the lady grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together .	once done , who grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together ?	lady
12714	Once done , the lady grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together .	what does once done , the lady grab and the two of them enjoy a drink together ?	cups
12714	Once done , the lady grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together .	once done , the lady grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy what together ?	drink
12714	Once done , the lady grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together .	how many cups does the lady grab ?	two
12715	A little boy is standing in a living room .	who is standing in the living room ?	boy
12715	A little boy is standing in a living room .	where is the little boy standing . ?	room
12719	The woman then pours various alcohol mixes into the glass and ends by presenting the glass to the camera .	who then pours various alcohol mixes into the glass and ends by presenting the glass to the camera ?	woman
12720	An American gymnast climbs the balance beam , the she performs four flips backwards and one flip forward .	who climbs the balance beam , the she performs four flips backwards and one flip forward ?	gymnast
12720	An American gymnast climbs the balance beam , the she performs four flips backwards and one flip forward .	how many flips does the she perform backwards ?	four
12721	Then , the gymnast spins backward one time on her side , then she jumps and flips two times backwards .	who does then , spin backward one time on her side , then she jumps and flips two times backwards ?	gymnast
12721	Then , the gymnast spins backward one time on her side , then she jumps and flips two times backwards .	how many time does the gymnast spin on her side ?	one
12721	Then , the gymnast spins backward one time on her side , then she jumps and flips two times backwards .	how many times does she flip backwards ?	two
12723	The gymnast stands on the end of the beam , then she runs and flips to times and end stand on the mat .	who stands on the end of the beam , then she runs and flips to times and end stand on the mat ?	gymnast
12724	After , the gymnast raise her arms and she is congratulated by people .	who do after , raise her arms and she is congratulated by people ?	gymnast
12730	Cowboys practice their lasso work .	who do cowboys practice ?	work
12732	A young kid catches a calf .	who catches the calf ?	kid
12732	A young kid catches a calf .	what does the young kid catch ?	calf
12733	A cowboy jumps off his horse to control the calf he has caught .	who jumps off his horse to control the calf he has caught ?	cowboy
12733	A cowboy jumps off his horse to control the calf he has caught .	what does the cowboy jump off ?	horse
12734	Another cowboy in a black shirt jumps off his horse .	what does another cowboy in a black shirt jump off ?	horse
12734	Another cowboy in a black shirt jumps off his horse .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
12735	A man in a pink shirt lassos a calf .	what does the man in a pink shirt lasso ?	calf
12736	A woman on a horse catches a calf .	what does the woman on a horse catch ?	calf
12737	Another man jumps off his brown horse to control the calf he has caught .	who jumps off his brown horse to control the calf he has caught ?	man
12737	Another man jumps off his brown horse to control the calf he has caught .	what does another man jump off ?	horse
12737	Another man jumps off his brown horse to control the calf he has caught .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
12738	Six children wearing white clothing and orange belts are in a room with others watching .	who are wearing white clothing and orange belts are in a room with others watching ?	children
12738	Six children wearing white clothing and orange belts are in a room with others watching .	how many children is wearing white clothing and orange belts are in a room with others watching ?	six
12739	A man yells an order and the children demonstrate their Taekwondo .	who yells an order and the children demonstrate their taekwondo ?	man
12740	The man yells again and the children line up and bow .	who yells again and the children line up and bow ?	man
12740	The man yells again and the children line up and bow .	who does the man yell again and line up and bow ?	children
12748	She puts the lotion on herself standing in front of a lake and smiling into the camera .	what does she put on herself standing in front of a lake and smiling into the camera ?	lotion
12750	More pictures are shown while the man cuts up vegetables and mixes them into a bowl .	what are shown while the man cuts up vegetables and mixes them into a bowl ?	pictures
12752	We see a boy playing drums in an instrument store .	who do we see playing drums in an instrument store ?	boy
12753	We see a man across the room playing drums .	who do we see across the room playing drums ?	man
12755	We see the man across the room , then the boy .	who do we see across the room , then the boy ?	man
12758	The boy in the stripes shirt rocks back and forth .	what does the boy in the stripes shirt back and forth ?	rocks
12759	The boy finishes and looks at the camera .	who finishes and looks at the camera ?	boy
12760	a man is working outside in a garden .	who is working outside in the garden ?	man
12760	a man is working outside in a garden .	where is the man working . ?	garden
12762	When he is done , the plant is fully trimmed .	what is , fully trimmed ?	plant
12764	The man is able to get up and the video shows the fall again in slow motion .	who is able to get up and the video shows the fall again in slow motion ?	man
12767	A man is shown speaking to the camera and leads into him standing in front of a bike frame .	who is shown speaking to the camera and leads into him standing in front of a bike frame ?	man
12773	A young girl is standing in the room in a black cami and black and white legs preparing talking .	who is standing in the room in a black cami and black and white legs preparing talking ?	girl
12773	A young girl is standing in the room in a black cami and black and white legs preparing talking .	what is the color of the cami ?	black
12775	Afterwards , the three girls stand together and start talking to the camera .	afterwards , who stand together and start talking to the camera ?	girls
12775	Afterwards , the three girls stand together and start talking to the camera .	afterwards , how many girls stand together and start talking to the camera ?	three
12776	women are making some gymnasic jumps in a hallway .	who are making some gymnasic jumps in a hallway ?	women
12776	women are making some gymnasic jumps in a hallway .	where are women making some gymnasic jumps . ?	hallway
12778	woman is making a hand stand ni a parking lot and on stores .	who is making the hand stand ni a parking lot and on stores ?	woman
12779	man is sanding in a fence in a mall looking o the first floor .	who is sanding in the fence in a mall looking o the first floor ?	man
12780	A girl waves to the camera and begins speaking followed by various ingredients laid out .	who waves to the camera and begins speaking followed by various ingredients laid out ?	girl
12781	The girl then puts the ingredients on a plate and puts saran wrap over the food .	who then puts the ingredients on a plate and puts saran wrap over the food ?	girl
12781	The girl then puts the ingredients on a plate and puts saran wrap over the food .	what does the girl then put on a plate ?	ingredients
12781	The girl then puts the ingredients on a plate and puts saran wrap over the food .	what does the girl then put over the food ?	wrap
12785	A man is playing guitar , and the man to his right is playing the drums .	who is playing guitar , and the man to his right is playing the drums ?	man
12785	A man is playing guitar , and the man to his right is playing the drums .	what is the man playing , and the man to his right is playing the drums ?	guitar
12785	A man is playing guitar , and the man to his right is playing the drums .	what is the man playing guitar , and the man to his right is playing ?	drums
12787	There two old men wearing straw hats , dressed in t-shirts and shorts getting ready to play shuffleboard .	how many old men is there wearing straw hats , dressed in t-shirts and shorts getting ready to play shuffleboard ?	two
12788	There two other men standing a few yards away with their cue sticks .	how many other men are there standing a few yards away with their cue sticks ?	two
12789	A woman with gray hair and a yellow shirt is seen playing shuffleboard .	what is the color of the hair ?	gray
12789	A woman with gray hair and a yellow shirt is seen playing shuffleboard .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
12790	There are two discs on the ground that get hit by another disc .	how many discs are there on the ground that get hit by another disc ?	two
12791	Several spectators are watching a shuffleboard event where various people are competing and playing .	who are watching the shuffleboard event where various people are competing and playing ?	spectators
12792	One of the players adjusts his discs before hitting it with the cue stick .	what does one of the players adjust before hitting it with the cue stick ?	discs
12793	White text appears on a blue background .	what is the color of the background ?	blue
12796	A person makes a jack o lantern .	what does the person make ?	lantern
12797	First they cut the top off of a green pumpkin and scoop the seeds and other stuff out .	what is the color of the pumpkin ?	green
12801	A candle is placed inside and lit and the lid is put back on .	what is placed inside and lit and the lid is put back on ?	candle
12802	With the lights turned down the jack o lantern can be viewed .	what can be viewed ?	lantern
12803	A man is standing on a show playing bagpipes while other around him watch in amazement .	who is standing on the show playing bagpipes while other around him watch in amazement ?	man
12804	The man continues to play and the audience claps when he finishes .	who continues to play and the audience claps when he finishes ?	man
12805	He hands the instrument to a man walking in and gives the host a handshake .	what does he hand to a man walking in ?	instrument
12807	A boy stands at a sink in a kitchen .	who stands at the sink in a kitchen ?	boy
12808	He is wiping his shoe down .	what is he wiping down ?	shoe
12810	A woman is seen sitting in a chair laughing while a man points in front of her .	who is seen sitting in the chair laughing while a man points in front of her ?	woman
12811	The man then holds a gun up to her nose and pierces her nose .	who then holds the gun up to her nose and pierces her nose ?	man
12811	The man then holds a gun up to her nose and pierces her nose .	what does the man then hold up to her nose ?	gun
12812	A woman plays with the girls hair while speaking to the girl and showing off her nose piercing .	who plays with the girls hair while speaking to the girl and showing off her nose piercing ?	woman
12813	A carpenter sprays a ceiling with paint .	who sprays the ceiling with paint ?	carpenter
12813	A carpenter sprays a ceiling with paint .	what did the carpenter spray with paint ?	ceiling
12814	A second carpenter smooths out the paint on the ceiling .	who smooths out the paint on the ceiling ?	carpenter
12815	The first carpenter sprays paint all over the ceiling .	who paint all over the ceiling ?	sprays
12818	The painting continues as well as the smoothing out of the paint .	what continues as well as the smoothing out of the paint ?	painting
12820	The coach is talking to them and trying to tell them how to play .	who is talking to them and trying to tell them how to play ?	coach
12821	The kids perform lay ups .	who perform lay ups ?	kids
12822	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
12825	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
12826	A man is dribbling a basketball .	who is dribbling the basketball ?	man
12829	A woman is kneeling down on a blue mat .	who is kneeling down on the blue mat ?	woman
12829	A woman is kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
12830	A man stands behind her talking .	who stands behind her talking ?	man
12831	The woman starts moving her legs and arms .	who starts moving her legs and arms ?	woman
12832	Two men are standing outside with a crowd of people lifting weights and exercising .	how many men are standing outside with the crowd of people lifting weights and exercising ?	two
12835	A woman is sitting in a car barefoot , trying to drive .	who is sitting in the car barefoot , trying to drive ?	woman
12836	She lights a cigarette as she drives .	what did she light ?	cigarette
12837	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her laying out a paid of shorts .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her laying out a paid of shorts ?	woman
12841	The camera shoots areas all around the park while the bagpipes play .	what shoots areas all around the park while the bagpipes play ?	camera
12842	An athlete is seen running down a large track and throwing a javelin into the air .	who is seen running down the large track and throwing a javelin into the air ?	athlete
12847	the lady then dances the hula hoop with the tube .	who then dances the hula hoop with the tube ?	lady
12847	the lady then dances the hula hoop with the tube .	what does the lady then dance with the tube ?	hoop
12848	We see a blonde man making adjustments to the tube .	who do we see making adjustments to the tube ?	man
12849	We see the closing end screen .	what do we see ?	screen
12850	A camera pans around a group of people sitting at a table followed by a man holding a surf board .	what pans around the group of people sitting at a table followed by a man holding a surf board ?	camera
12851	The man carries the board out onto the water and begins riding the water .	who carries the board out onto the water and begins riding the water ?	man
12854	Two men are then shown driving around an area on bumper cars while laughing to the camera and others speaking to the camera .	how many men are then shown driving around an area on bumper cars while laughing to the camera and others speaking to the camera ?	two
12856	We see the opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
12857	We see a man working on a piece of equipment .	who do we see working on a piece of equipment ?	man
12858	The man heats the caulk and scrapes it off .	who heats the caulk and scrapes it off ?	man
12860	The man stops and points at the caulk The end scene is seen .	who stops and points at the caulk the end scene is seen ?	man
12864	the guy then pulls hard on the fishing line and drags it in .	who then pulls hard on the fishing line and drags it in ?	guy
12865	finally he uses a long metal hook to hook the fish he caught and brings it out the hole .	what does finally he use ?	hook
12866	he then unhooks the long hook and use his tools to unhook the small fishing hook the the fish mouth leaving the fish bloody .	what does he then unhook ?	hook
12866	he then unhooks the long hook and use his tools to unhook the small fishing hook the the fish mouth leaving the fish bloody .	what do he then use ?	tools
12867	water polo team is standing by the pool talking to the camera .	who is standing by the pool talking to the camera ?	team
12868	man jumps in the water and is holding a ball and sart playing in the pool .	who jumps in the water and is holding a ball and sart playing in the pool ?	man
12868	man jumps in the water and is holding a ball and sart playing in the pool .	where is man holding a ball and sart playing . ?	pool
12870	Guys throw balls on a field .	who throw balls on a field ?	guys
12871	A guy holds a few balls and talks .	who holds the few balls and talks ?	guy
12872	A man holding a flat bat walks across the field followed by a male holding one ball in each hand .	who is holding a flat bat walks across the field followed by a male holding one ball in each hand ?	man
12872	A man holding a flat bat walks across the field followed by a male holding one ball in each hand .	the man holding what walks across the field followed by a male holding one ball in each hand ?	bat
12873	Two men sit with one man holding a flat bat .	how many men sit with one man holding a flat bat ?	two
12874	Guys hit balls with the flat bat .	who hit balls with the flat bat ?	guys
12874	Guys hit balls with the flat bat .	what did guys hit with the flat bat ?	balls
12876	A man is seen speaking to the camera behind a table with various ingredients and glasses laid out .	who is seen speaking to the camera behind a table with various ingredients and glasses laid out ?	man
12877	The man mixes the ingredients into a glass together and juices a lime into the glass .	who mixes the ingredients into a glass together and juices a lime into the glass ?	man
12877	The man mixes the ingredients into a glass together and juices a lime into the glass .	what does the man mix into a glass together ?	ingredients
12878	He then pushes the ingredients around and pours liquids into the glass , creating an alcoholic drink .	he then pushes what around ?	ingredients
12881	The camera pans around the area and continues to show more clips of people surfing .	what pans around the area and continues to show more clips of people surfing ?	camera
12883	The outro is a spinning wheel with fast scrolling words going from the bottom to the top then it quickly fades to a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
12886	The referee extend his left arm .	who extend his left arm ?	referee
12888	The man then strums the guitar for a bit and pauses .	who then strums the guitar for a bit and pauses ?	man
12890	Multiple groups of people in boats are out exploring a river .	what are multiple groups of people in boats out exploring ?	river
12892	A group of people on a white boat paddle away at the waters in the river .	what is the color of the boat ?	white
12893	Multiple groups battle high violent waters .	who do multiple groups battle ?	waters
12894	At one point , the violent waters seem to almost topple one of the groups .	who do at one point , seem to almost topple one of the groups ?	waters
12896	A middle aged man is standing in the street wearing rollerblades .	who is standing in the street wearing rollerblades ?	man
12897	The man precisely skates in-between a tight row of small cones .	who precisely skates in-between a tight row of small cones ?	man
12898	The man does a handstand after completing the course and goes back to the beginning .	who does the handstand after completing the course and goes back to the beginning ?	man
12899	Two men walk along the beach with their surfboards .	how many men walk along the beach with their surfboards ?	two
12900	They enter the water and the surfer with the white board catches a wave .	what is the color of the board ?	white
12901	White board catches another wave as the blue board opts out , more waves taken by white board are shown .	what is the color of the board ?	blue
12901	White board catches another wave as the blue board opts out , more waves taken by white board are shown .	what is the color of the board ?	white
12902	The surfer on the blue board catches a few waves .	what is the color of the board ?	blue
12903	The white board surfer is shown gliding across more waves , clearly like an expert .	who is shown gliding across more waves , clearly like an expert ?	surfer
12903	The white board surfer is shown gliding across more waves , clearly like an expert .	what is the color of the surfer ?	white
12906	Then another screen appears with white words and displays a sentence and the location .	then what appears with white words and displays a sentence and the location ?	screen
12906	Then another screen appears with white words and displays a sentence and the location .	what is the color of the words ?	white
12907	Two people are seen standing on a mat and begin fighting one another .	how many people are seen standing on the mat and begin fighting one another ?	two
12909	The boys continue fighting and stop in the end .	who continue fighting and stop in the end ?	boys
12911	The person pushes soap into their hands , watching the soap drip down , and then scrubs their hands .	what does the person push into their hands , ?	soap
12912	There 's a woman with a hand tattoo and red painted nails attaching and screwing a parts in the trunk of a car to attach the spare tire .	what is the color of the nails ?	red
12913	Then she places the spare tire into the metal case .	what does then she place into the metal case ?	tire
12916	There are many kids ranging from toddlers to teenagers enjoying themselves at a backyard birthday party .	who are there ranging from toddlers to teenagers enjoying themselves at a backyard birthday party ?	kids
12917	There is a Disney princess pinata hanging from a tree .	what is there hanging from a tree ?	pinata
12918	The kids are enjoying hitting the pinata with a blue stick .	who are enjoying hitting the pinata with a blue stick ?	kids
12918	The kids are enjoying hitting the pinata with a blue stick .	what is the color of the stick ?	blue
12919	they kids take turns to hit the pinata .	who take turns to hit the pinata ?	kids
12920	A little girl dressed in a purple skirt tries to tear the pinata by hitting it hard with the stick .	who dressed in a purple skirt tries to tear the pinata by hitting it hard with the stick ?	girl
12920	A little girl dressed in a purple skirt tries to tear the pinata by hitting it hard with the stick .	what is the color of the skirt ?	purple
12921	A young child is seen standing before a shuffleboard table holding a stick .	who is seen standing before the shuffleboard table holding a stick ?	child
12922	The boy then pushes the puck across the game .	who then pushes the puck across the game ?	boy
12923	The camera follows the pucks movements and leads back to the boy .	what follows the pucks movements and leads back to the boy ?	camera
12924	A man hits a ball with a bat .	who hits the ball with a bat ?	man
12925	Three men stand on a field .	how many men stand on the field ?	three
12926	One man throws a ball on the field .	who throws the ball on the field ?	man
12926	One man throws a ball on the field .	how many man throws the ball on the field ?	one
12927	Three men flip a coin .	what do three men flip ?	coin
12927	Three men flip a coin .	how many men flip the coin ?	three
12928	A person is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the person playing ?	guitar
12933	Athletes walk together through a hallway then stand on logs and chop through them in a competition .	who walk together through the hallway then stand on logs and chop through them in a competition ?	athletes
12934	Two athletes walk through wearing green and orange jerseys then saw through large logs in a competition .	who then saw through large logs in a competition ?	athletes
12934	Two athletes walk through wearing green and orange jerseys then saw through large logs in a competition .	how many athletes walk through wearing green and orange jerseys then saw through large logs in a competition ?	two
12935	The judge inspects the log and declares a winner to the crowds delight .	who inspects the log and declares a winner to the crowds delight ?	judge
12935	The judge inspects the log and declares a winner to the crowds delight .	who does the judge declare to the crowds delight ?	winner
12936	Two athletes walk through a hallway then chop an upright log in a competition .	who walk through the hallway then chop an upright log in a competition ?	athletes
12936	Two athletes walk through a hallway then chop an upright log in a competition .	how many athletes walk through the hallway then chop an upright log in a competition ?	two
12937	Cheerleaders enter through a hallway then dance on stage .	who enter through the hallway then dance on stage ?	cheerleaders
12938	Two athletes enter through a hallway then use a hand saw to cut through a log .	who then use a hand saw to cut through a log ?	athletes
12938	Two athletes enter through a hallway then use a hand saw to cut through a log .	how many athletes enter through a hallway then use a hand saw to cut through a log ?	two
12939	Two athletes enter through a hallway then place boards into a log to stand on while chopping it down .	who enter through the hallway then place boards into a log to stand on while chopping it down ?	athletes
12939	Two athletes enter through a hallway then place boards into a log to stand on while chopping it down .	how many athletes enter through the hallway then place boards into a log to stand on while chopping it down ?	two
12940	Athletes compete in a chainsaw competition and saw through large logs before congratulating each other .	who compete in the chainsaw competition and saw through large logs before congratulating each other ?	athletes
12941	The winner is seen holding a trophy along with runners up and the crowd cheers .	who is seen holding the trophy along with runners up and the crowd cheers ?	winner
12942	These 2 different teams are running on the field because they 're playing shinty .	how many different teams are running on the field because they 're playing shinty ?	two
12945	A man is seated with an electric guitar .	who is seated with an electric guitar ?	man
12947	Another man plays the chords on a table .	who plays the chords on a table ?	man
12948	A woman in a hat and a vest stands buy a cart .	what does the woman in a hat and a vest stand buy ?	cart
12948	A woman in a hat and a vest stands buy a cart .	where does the woman stand buy a cart . ?	vest
12950	A car drives by the cart .	what drives by the cart ?	car
12952	A person wearing a hat is sitting no a couch .	the person wearing what is sitting no a couch ?	hat
12955	A gymnast is seen swinging around on a bar doing various flips and tricks across two sets of beams .	who is seen swinging around on the bar doing various flips and tricks across two sets of beams ?	gymnast
12956	She continues spinning around and ends with her hands up and her coach clapping .	she continues and ends with her hands up and who clapping ?	coach
12958	There are two high school students in the high school cafeteria standing next to a table where some students are sitting .	how many high school students are there in the high school cafeteria standing next to a table where some students are sitting ?	two
12959	One of the students is undressing and changing his shorts while the other student in a red shirt is watching him .	what is one of the students undressing and changing ?	shorts
12959	One of the students is undressing and changing his shorts while the other student in a red shirt is watching him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
12960	After the student finishes changing , the boy in the red shirt makes fun of him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
12961	The student gets provoked and punches the boy in the red shirt on his face , causing him to fall on the ground on his head .	who gets provoked and punches the boy in the red shirt on his face , causing him to fall on the ground on his head ?	student
12961	The student gets provoked and punches the boy in the red shirt on his face , causing him to fall on the ground on his head .	who does the student punch in the red shirt on his face , ?	boy
12961	The student gets provoked and punches the boy in the red shirt on his face , causing him to fall on the ground on his head .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
12962	A woman walks around a stage holding a saxophone .	who walks around the stage holding a saxophone ?	woman
12966	A woman is seated in front of a camera .	who is seated in front of a camera ?	woman
12969	This girl is doing a video of how to make your white shoes become sparkly clean .	who is doing the video of how to make your white shoes become sparkly clean ?	girl
12969	This girl is doing a video of how to make your white shoes become sparkly clean .	what is the color of the shoes ?	white
12973	Then she grabs the blowdryer and blowdrys the shoe and scrubs them again .	then she grabs the blowdryer and blowdrys what ?	shoe
12974	Then she pours bleach into the small bowl that has baby powder in it and she puts the toothbrush in the bowl and rubs it on the shoe again .	that does then she pour bleach into the small bowl has baby powder in it and she puts the toothbrush in the bowl and rubs it on what again ?	shoe
12974	Then she pours bleach into the small bowl that has baby powder in it and she puts the toothbrush in the bowl and rubs it on the shoe again .	that does then she pour bleach into the small bowl has baby powder in it and she puts the toothbrush where and rubs it on the shoe again . ?	bowl
12975	Finally she wets a cloth with water and wipes the shoe off .	what does finally she wet with water ?	cloth
12975	Finally she wets a cloth with water and wipes the shoe off .	what does finally she wipe off ?	shoe
12979	A piercing artist removes a tissue from a woman 's nose and wipes part of the nose .	who removes the tissue from a woman 's nose and wipes part of the nose ?	artist
12980	The woman holds piercing pliers up against a woman 's nose .	who holds piercing pliers up against a woman 's nose ?	woman
12981	She pierces a needle through the nose and holds the pliers in place .	what does she pierce through the nose ?	needle
12981	She pierces a needle through the nose and holds the pliers in place .	what does she hold in place ?	pliers
12982	She removes the pliers from the woman 's nose .	what does she remove from the woman 's nose ?	pliers
12983	The woman sitting down speaks .	who is sitting down speaks ?	woman
12984	The piercing artist touches the needle and the nose as she screws a nose ring on .	who touches the needle and the nose as she screws a nose ring on ?	artist
12985	The piercing artists arranges the piercing inside the nose with some pliers .	who arranges the piercing inside the nose with some pliers ?	artists
12987	The piercing artists uses a tissue to collect blood around the piercing .	who uses the tissue to collect blood around the piercing ?	artists
12989	The piercing artist continually uses a tissue to wipe blood from the woman 's nose .	who continually uses the tissue to wipe blood from the woman 's nose ?	artist
12990	The woman stands up and waves .	who stands up and waves ?	woman
12993	We see a lady teaching two girls .	how many girls do we see a lady teaching ?	two
12994	We see a teacher teaching a boy to knit .	who do we see teaching a boy to knit ?	teacher
12994	We see a teacher teaching a boy to knit .	we see a teacher teaching who to knit ?	boy
12995	We see a lady teaching a group of children to knit .	who do we see teaching a group of children to knit ?	lady
12996	We then see the closing screen .	what do we then see closing ?	screen
13000	A man is seen standing in a large field holding onto a tool .	who is seen standing in the large field holding onto a tool ?	man
13001	The man then uses the tool on the grass in font of him quickly .	who then uses the tool on the grass in font of him quickly ?	man
13002	The man continues to cut the grass while the camera captures his movement .	who continues to cut the grass while the camera captures his movement ?	man
13004	Steps are shown for a beautiful whiskey sour .	what are shown for the beautiful whiskey sour ?	steps
13005	First the man sets his timer that 's attached to his chest and he sits down and puts his leg onto the ski .	who does first set his timer that 's attached to his chest and he sits down and puts his leg onto the ski ?	man
13005	First the man sets his timer that 's attached to his chest and he sits down and puts his leg onto the ski .	what does first the man set and he sits down and puts his leg onto the ski ?	timer
13008	A woman exercises at a machine .	who exercises at the machine ?	woman
13009	The camera focuses on and features specific parts of the machine .	what focuses on and features specific parts of the machine ?	camera
13010	The woman demonstrates folding the machine for storage .	who demonstrates folding the machine for storage ?	woman
13010	The woman demonstrates folding the machine for storage .	what does the woman demonstrate for storage ?	machine
13011	The woman continues to exercise on the machine .	who continues to exercise on the machine ?	woman
13013	One boy takes his turn and then they all begin talking again .	who takes his turn and then they all begin talking again ?	boy
13013	One boy takes his turn and then they all begin talking again .	how many boy takes his turn ?	one
13014	Next , a boy tries to jump over the bricks but ends up falling .	next , who tries to jump over the bricks but ends up falling ?	boy
13015	Another boy jumps after him and he is successful .	who jumps after him and he is successful ?	boy
13016	However , the next boy jumps and has to stand on one foot and collect all of the pieces thrown behind him .	however , who jumps and has to stand on one foot and collect all of the pieces thrown behind him ?	boy
13017	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding up a tool and pointing to several bushes .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding up a tool and pointing to several bushes ?	man
13018	The man then trims along the bush while stopping to speak to the camera and holding up the tool .	who then trims along the bush while stopping to speak to the camera and holding up the tool ?	man
13019	A gymnast is seen standing on a beam and begins performing gymnastic moves on the beam .	who is seen standing on the beam and begins performing gymnastic moves on the beam ?	gymnast
13020	The girl spins and flips all along the beam while the camera captures her movements .	who spins and flips all along the beam while the camera captures her movements ?	girl
13022	Two men walk to the barrel in a yard at a barbecue and the men both reach for the last beer in the barrel .	how many men walk to the barrel in a yard at a barbecue and the men both reach for the last beer in the barrel ?	two
13024	We see a beer poured in a glass .	what do we see poured in a glass ?	beer
13025	We see the injured man with his hand up and a man walks past and gives him a high five .	who do we see the injured man with his hand up and walks past and gives him a high five ?	man
13026	A man rows a canoe down a river .	who rows the canoe down a river ?	man
13026	A man rows a canoe down a river .	what does the man row down a river ?	canoe
13028	His canoe is colored red .	what is colored red ?	canoe
13032	A teen girl sits on the floor holding a shoe .	who sits on the floor holding a shoe ?	girl
13035	A man is standing outside of a large window and begins to clean it with a long stick .	who is standing outside of a large window and begins to clean it with a long stick ?	man
13036	One the window is wet , he takes the razor like stick and drags it up and down getting the water off .	what is one wet , he takes the razor like stick and drags it up and down getting the water off ?	window
13037	After the two top windows are complete , he leaves the other two untouched and walks away .	how many top windows are after complete , he leaves the other two untouched and walks away ?	two
13038	A man bends at the knees in front of a barbell .	who bends at the knees in front of a barbell ?	man
13041	A man is standing on a ledge of a tower .	who is standing on the ledge of a tower ?	man
13044	The camera pans around several men drinking a large container of alcohol and the camera panning back to the beginning .	what pans around several men drinking a large container of alcohol and the camera panning back to the beginning ?	camera
13045	The camera continues capturing the men drinking as well as talking to one another and one rubbing his eyes in the end .	what continues capturing the men drinking as well as talking to one another and one rubbing his eyes in the end ?	camera
13046	A young man is seated in a living room .	who is seated in the living room ?	man
13046	A young man is seated in a living room .	where is the young man seated . ?	room
13047	He is playing an electronic keyboard .	what is he playing ?	keyboard
13048	The keyboard is printing a document as he goes .	what is printing the document as he goes ?	keyboard
13049	The man is then shown entering a live hockey game and playing hockey with a floor filled with other players .	who is then shown entering the live hockey game and playing hockey with a floor filled with other players ?	man
13050	Another man is shown sitting next to a snoopy doll before the camera changes back to the man in the mustache again in another still shot .	who is shown sitting next to the snoopy doll before the camera changes back to the man in the mustache again in another still shot ?	man
13051	A rapid river is running past a tree .	what is running past the tree ?	river
13052	A group of rafters don their gear , pushing their raft into the water .	what did the group of rafters don , ?	gear
13055	The lady fades , the child plays a flute and we see a man .	who fades , the child plays a flute and we see a man ?	lady
13055	The lady fades , the child plays a flute and we see a man .	who does the lady fade , plays a flute and we see a man ?	child
13055	The lady fades , the child plays a flute and we see a man .	what does the lady fade , the child plays and we see a man ?	flute
13055	The lady fades , the child plays a flute and we see a man .	who does the lady fade , the child plays a flute and we see ?	man
13056	The man is crying as the child plays , We see the people in the sky .	who is crying as the child plays , we see the people in the sky ?	man
13060	The man lays down in a prayer position .	who lays down in the prayer position ?	man
13061	The child finishes playing the flute .	who finishes playing the flute ?	child
13062	The camera pans around several pitting sitting at a bar as well as bartenders attending to people 's needs .	what pans around several pitting sitting at a bar as well as bartenders attending to people 's needs ?	camera
13064	A young woman is seen brushing her hair that leads into her speaking to the camera .	who is seen brushing her hair that leads into her speaking to the camera ?	woman
13068	Then , the man put his hand behind his head .	who did then , put his hand behind his head ?	man
13069	The reflection of the man is in the mirror .	where is the reflection of the man . ?	mirror
13070	A man is seen standing on stilts in a city square while other people around him roller blade .	who is seen standing on stilts in a city square while other people around him roller blade ?	man
13071	The man takes off running down the block and then runs back to where he started .	who takes off running down the block and then runs back to where he started ?	man
13072	A woman in a blue shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field .	what does the woman in a blue shirt throw onto the field ?	ball
13072	A woman in a blue shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
13073	Another person comes and throws a disk onto the field .	what does another person come and throws onto the field ?	disk
13075	The boy is now on the curvy and twisty dirt bike track riding around very fast and occasionally other people are shown riding on the track , too .	who is now on the curvy and twisty dirt bike track riding around very fast and occasionally other people are shown riding on the track , too ?	boy
13078	The ref comes and breaks the fight up .	who comes and breaks the fight up ?	ref
13079	A man in a yellow striped shirt is talking to the referee .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
13080	Several clips are shown of people climbing up and down rock walls while many others speak to the camera .	what are shown of people climbing up and down rock walls while many others speak to the camera ?	clips
13082	A woman is shown holding a cat while a dog stands by her feet .	who is shown holding the cat while a dog stands by her feet ?	woman
13083	She talks to the camera and shows off her cat nails .	what does she show off ?	nails
13084	She grabs a tool and begins cutting the cat 's claws .	what does she grab ?	tool
13086	A still shot picture of a body of water appears and yellow words appear on the screen and read `` AMERICAN DISK '' and include the website .	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
13087	A brunette woman is now speaking next to the water and she 's smiling the whole time .	who is now speaking next to the water and she 's smiling the whole time ?	woman
13089	A black screen appears and the yellow words are displayed on the screen and read `` The Disk '' , and once again the brunette woman is speaking while standing by the water .	who is and , and once again speaking while standing by the water ?	woman
13089	A black screen appears and the yellow words are displayed on the screen and read `` The Disk '' , and once again the brunette woman is speaking while standing by the water .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
13089	A black screen appears and the yellow words are displayed on the screen and read `` The Disk '' , and once again the brunette woman is speaking while standing by the water .	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
13090	The screen then goes to black and displays their website in yellow letters .	what then goes to black and displays their website in yellow letters ?	screen
13090	The screen then goes to black and displays their website in yellow letters .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
13090	The screen then goes to black and displays their website in yellow letters .	what is the color of the letters ?	yellow
13093	The kids walk in lines on their stilts .	who walk in lines on their stilts ?	kids
13094	A man helps a girl walk on slits .	who helps the girl walk on slits ?	man
13097	I see a closing screen and it fade to black .	what do i see closing and it fade to black ?	screen
13097	I see a closing screen and it fade to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
13098	A woman in a sparkling green dress talks on a stage .	what is the color of the dress ?	green
13101	They walk over to the woman in a green dress , hugging her before leaving the stage .	what is the color of the dress ?	green
13102	Two men are playing table tennis while two judges sit at either end .	how many men are playing table tennis while two judges sit at either end ?	two
13103	The men hit the ball back and forth .	what did the men hit back and forth ?	ball
13104	The winner raises his hands as the crowd cheers .	who raises his hands as the crowd cheers ?	winner
13106	A man is in a gym kneeling down holding a medium sized medicine ball .	who is in the gym kneeling down holding a medium sized medicine ball ?	man
13109	A man in green sitting at the end of the sand square taking video , on the sides of the square are three men .	how many men is the man in green sitting at the end of the sand square taking video , on the sides of the square are ?	three
13109	A man in green sitting at the end of the sand square taking video , on the sides of the square are three men .	what is the color of the man ?	green
13110	The young athlete in blue uniform run in a narrow lane , hopped and jump on the sandy ground .	what is the color of the uniform ?	blue
13111	Three people are in a news room , talking to the camera .	how many people are in the news room , talking to the camera ?	three
13111	Three people are in a news room , talking to the camera .	where are three people , talking to the camera . ?	room
13113	The happy teammates smile for interviews in the locker room after .	who smile for interviews in the locker room after ?	teammates
13114	The news casters are shown holding number sticks and laughing .	who are shown holding number sticks and laughing ?	casters
13115	A woman is seen pulling food out of a fridge and speaking to a girl who walks downstairs .	who is seen pulling food out of a fridge and speaking to a girl who walks downstairs ?	woman
13116	They women continue speaking when a man also walks down the stairs .	who continue speaking when the man also walks down the stairs ?	women
13117	The woman and man then speak and the other woman walks upstairs .	who do the woman and man then speak and walks upstairs ?	woman
13118	A young women in her bra and underwear sits on a bed .	where does the young women sit on a bed . ?	underwear
13119	She then applies lotion to her legs and hands .	what does she then apply to her legs and hands ?	lotion
13123	A woman is on stage doing a belly dance routine , she is very passionate about it .	who is on stage doing a belly dance routine , she is very passionate about it ?	woman
13125	Her dress comes up over head and then down to her shoulders , she continues to spin in circles and takes the dress off and holds it like a baby .	what comes up over head and then down to her shoulders , she continues to spin in circles and takes the dress off and holds it like a baby ?	dress
13128	The dog keeps jumping back out .	what keeps jumping back out ?	dog
13131	A man snowboards over snow covered hill .	who snowboards over snow covered hill ?	man
13132	The man then continues to snowboard off of a garage roof , a stair railing and several other places .	who then continues to snowboard off of the garage roof , a stair railing and several other places ?	man
13133	The man does a complete spin in the snow in the final shot .	who does the complete spin in the snow in the final shot ?	man
13134	A boy rinses his face with water in a bathroom sink .	who rinses his face with water in a bathroom sink ?	boy
13135	The boys laugh and joke together in the bathroom .	who laugh and joke together in the bathroom ?	boys
13135	The boys laugh and joke together in the bathroom .	where do the boys joke . ?	bathroom
13136	A boy rubs soap on his hands and then onto his face .	who rubs soap on his hands and then onto his face ?	boy
13136	A boy rubs soap on his hands and then onto his face .	what did the boy rub on his hands and then onto his face ?	soap
13137	The boy rinses the soap off from his face in the sink .	who rinses the soap off from his face in the sink ?	boy
13137	The boy rinses the soap off from his face in the sink .	what does the boy rinse off from his face in the sink ?	soap
13138	The boy rolls up the towel and throws it in the corner of the room .	who rolls up the towel and throws it in the corner of the room ?	boy
13138	The boy rolls up the towel and throws it in the corner of the room .	what does the boy roll up ?	towel
13139	An old man flips an skateboard with his feet , then take it and throw to the floor and skate .	who flips an skateboard with his feet , then take it and throw to the floor and skate ?	man
13139	An old man flips an skateboard with his feet , then take it and throw to the floor and skate .	what does an old man flip with his feet , ?	skateboard
13140	After , the man hit the skateboard with his foot and it raise high , the man tries to catch the skateboard but he miss it .	who does , try to catch the skateboard but he miss it ?	man
13141	A boy almost get hit with a skateboard .	who almost get hit with the skateboard ?	boy
13142	Then the man skate on the park and then goes to a skateboard track .	then who skate on the park and then goes to a skateboard track ?	man
13143	A young boy in a blue sweater jumps out from the side and stands in front of a dart board .	what is the color of the sweater ?	blue
13145	After all of the darts are thrown , the camera zooms in on the darts to show what he had done .	what does , zoom in on the darts to show what he had done ?	camera
13146	A man in a black hat is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
13148	He stops playing and puts the violin down to his side .	what does he put down to his side ?	violin
13150	Now , the human has four or five frisbees and starts to throw them rapidly for the dog to get .	now , what has four or five frisbees and starts to throw them rapidly for the dog to get ?	human
13150	Now , the human has four or five frisbees and starts to throw them rapidly for the dog to get .	what does now , the human have ?	frisbees
13152	It pans to another room and it shows a small child sitting at a drum set , sucking on a pacifier and holding two drumsticks and hitting the drums .	who does it pan to another room and it shows sitting at a drum set , sucking on a pacifier and holding two drumsticks and hitting the drums ?	child
13152	It pans to another room and it shows a small child sitting at a drum set , sucking on a pacifier and holding two drumsticks and hitting the drums .	it pans to another room and it shows a small child sitting at a drum set , sucking on a pacifier and holding what and hitting the drums ?	drumsticks
13152	It pans to another room and it shows a small child sitting at a drum set , sucking on a pacifier and holding two drumsticks and hitting the drums .	it pans to another room and it shows a small child sitting at a drum set , sucking on a pacifier and holding two drumsticks and hitting what ?	drums
13152	It pans to another room and it shows a small child sitting at a drum set , sucking on a pacifier and holding two drumsticks and hitting the drums .	it shows a small child sitting at a drum set , sucking on a pacifier and holding how many drumsticks and hitting the drums ?	two
13153	The child hits the cymbals a few times with his left hand then he grabs the drumsticks and starts hitting all of the drums .	who hits the cymbals a few times with his left hand then he grabs the drumsticks and starts hitting all of the drums ?	child
13154	Two men are seen holding hands with a ref holding them together and leads into an arm wrestling match .	how many men are seen holding hands with a ref holding them together and leads into an arm wrestling match ?	two
13155	One man wins and then goes on to arm wrestle several more people .	who wins and then goes on to arm wrestle several more people ?	man
13155	One man wins and then goes on to arm wrestle several more people .	how many man wins and then goes on to arm wrestle several more people ?	one
13156	a man is talking outside in a garden .	who is talking outside in the garden ?	man
13156	a man is talking outside in a garden .	where is the man talking . ?	garden
13158	He uses a stone to sharpen the knife for the camera .	what does he use ?	stone
13159	A drink is being poured into a glass followed by a woman grabbing a glass and pouring mixtures into it .	what is being poured into the glass followed by a woman grabbing a glass and pouring mixtures into it ?	drink
13160	She creates an alcoholic drink by pouring several different mixes together and the camera zooming in on the drink .	what does she create by pouring several different mixes together and the camera zooming in on the drink ?	drink
13160	She creates an alcoholic drink by pouring several different mixes together and the camera zooming in on the drink .	what does she create an alcoholic drink by pouring several different mixes together and zooming in on the drink ?	camera
13161	An athletic man is seen steeping up to a set of uneven bars and puts his arms up to present he 's ready .	who is seen steeping up to the set of uneven bars and puts his arms up to present he 's ready ?	man
13162	The man continues to spin himself around performing flips and tricks on the uneven bars .	who continues to spin himself around performing flips and tricks on the uneven bars ?	man
13163	The man continues to flip around and ends by wobbling but putts his hands up to finish .	who continues to flip around and ends by wobbling but putts his hands up to finish ?	man
13164	A man walks over to the end of a table that has a bunch of red cups arranged in a triangle .	who walks over to the end of a table that has a bunch of red cups arranged in a triangle ?	man
13164	A man walks over to the end of a table that has a bunch of red cups arranged in a triangle .	what is the color of the cups ?	red
13166	The video goes to black and a graphic appears to close the clip .	what does the video go to black and appears to close the clip ?	graphic
13166	The video goes to black and a graphic appears to close the clip .	what is the color of the video ?	black
13167	A woman in a black shirt is dancing .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
13168	She is twirling a baton .	what is she twirling ?	baton
13169	She catches the baton and twirls .	what does she catch ?	baton
13171	The man runs down the track and performs a long jump and throws his arms in the air .	who runs down the track and performs a long jump and throws his arms in the air ?	man
13173	The jumper waits for the scores to appear on the screen and the man who jumped throws his hands in the air and runs away .	who waits for the scores to appear on the screen and the man who jumped throws his hands in the air and runs away ?	jumper
13173	The jumper waits for the scores to appear on the screen and the man who jumped throws his hands in the air and runs away .	who does the jumper wait for the scores and throws his hands in the air and runs away ?	man
13176	They are wearing sunglasses as they change from a lot to a paint covered warehouse .	what are they wearing ?	sunglasses
13177	A man is covered in paint and wearing boxing gloves as he gloats to the camera .	who is covered in paint and wearing boxing gloves as he gloats to the camera ?	man
13177	A man is covered in paint and wearing boxing gloves as he gloats to the camera .	what is the man covered in paint and wearing boxing ?	gloves
13177	A man is covered in paint and wearing boxing gloves as he gloats to the camera .	where is the man covered and wearing boxing gloves as he gloats to the camera . ?	paint
13178	There are two people out on a snow tubing slope where one of them is video taping his experience of snow tubing with his friend .	how many people are there out on a snow tubing slope where one of them is video taping his experience of snow tubing with his friend ?	two
13179	There 's a woman who picks up some ice that 's fallen o the ground .	who does there 's ?	woman
13184	A boy stands holding a stick .	who stands holding the stick ?	boy
13185	A man throws pieces of wood into a pile .	who throws pieces of wood into a pile ?	man
13187	A man walks towards the camera talking .	who walks towards the camera talking ?	man
13192	kids are standing in a green grassy field flying kites .	who are standing in the green grassy field flying kites ?	kids
13192	kids are standing in a green grassy field flying kites .	what is the color of the field ?	green
13193	man wearing white shirt is flying the kite in a lage field .	who is wearing white shirt is flying the kite in a lage field ?	man
13193	man wearing white shirt is flying the kite in a lage field .	man wearing what is flying the kite in a lage field ?	shirt
13193	man wearing white shirt is flying the kite in a lage field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
13194	litle kid wearing an orange shirt is watching the man .	who is wearing an orange shirt is watching the man ?	kid
13194	litle kid wearing an orange shirt is watching the man .	litle kid wearing what is watching the man ?	shirt
13194	litle kid wearing an orange shirt is watching the man .	who is litle kid wearing an orange shirt is watching ?	man
13194	litle kid wearing an orange shirt is watching the man .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
13205	A computer monitor sits on a desk .	who sits on the desk ?	monitor
13206	A boy puts on gloves .	who puts on gloves ?	boy
13209	A man is demonstrating a gymnastics performance on two bars .	who is demonstrating the gymnastics performance on two bars ?	man
13210	There are spectators watching the performance .	who are there watching the performance ?	spectators
13212	The gymnast jumps off the bars and another gymnast is running towards them .	who jumps off the bars and another gymnast is running towards them ?	gymnast
13212	The gymnast jumps off the bars and another gymnast is running towards them .	what does the gymnast jump off and another gymnast is running towards them ?	bars
13212	The gymnast jumps off the bars and another gymnast is running towards them .	who does the gymnast jump off the bars and is running towards them ?	gymnast
13213	A woman dressed in a black shirt representing the company Bents is standing in a garden and demonstrating how to use Cellophane to wrap a plant for gift purposes .	who dressed in a black shirt representing the company bents is standing in a garden and demonstrating how to use cellophane to wrap a plant for gift purposes ?	woman
13213	A woman dressed in a black shirt representing the company Bents is standing in a garden and demonstrating how to use Cellophane to wrap a plant for gift purposes .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
13217	A man springs on a track and jumps onto a dirt area .	who springs on the track and jumps onto a dirt area ?	man
13218	A second man does the same .	who does the same ?	man
13220	A fourth man goes after him .	who goes after him ?	man
13221	A fifth man starts to sprint as he holds a long bar .	who starts to sprint as he holds a long bar ?	man
13223	A knife is put into a sharpener and moved back and forth and used on a circular sharpener .	what is put into the sharpener and moved back and forth and used on a circular sharpener ?	knife
13225	The scissors cut a purple towel and a piece of paper .	what cut the purple towel and a piece of paper ?	scissors
13225	The scissors cut a purple towel and a piece of paper .	what is the color of the towel ?	purple
13227	Mountains are seen in the distance with clouds moving over top during the afternoon .	what are seen in the distance with clouds moving over top during the afternoon ?	mountains
13228	Mountain climbers use ropes and hooks to metal clips up along cracks in a sheer rock face .	what use ropes and hooks to metal clips up along cracks in a sheer rock face ?	climbers
13229	The climber sets a metal round clips into the crack of the rock face .	what sets the metal round clips into the crack of the rock face ?	climber
13229	The climber sets a metal round clips into the crack of the rock face .	what does the climber set into the crack of the rock face ?	clips
13232	The man sings along while performing his routine and is then seen running across the yard with a lawn mower .	who sings along while performing his routine and is then seen running across the yard with a lawn mower ?	man
13234	Various clips are shown of young people dancing and partying with one another as well as drinking and playing beer pong .	what are shown of young people dancing and partying with one another as well as drinking and playing beer pong ?	clips
13237	The skier goes past the ski lifts as they go around a corner and go past the lifts again .	who goes past the ski lifts as they go around a corner and go past the lifts again ?	skier
13238	They then turn back around and go under the lift and travel further down hill on a path passing blue fences , a trail marker sign and ending at a lodge .	what is the color of the fences ?	blue
13239	A child goes and plays in a playplace .	who goes and plays in the playplace ?	child
13241	A picture is shown of a baby juxtaposed beside a little girl .	what is shown of the baby juxtaposed beside a little girl ?	picture
13242	A woman is seen with a young girl as she speaks .	who is seen with the young girl as she speaks ?	woman
13245	A man rolls out a sheet of wallpaper from a tube , then a large photo .	who rolls out the sheet of wallpaper from a tube , then a large photo ?	man
13248	A man is seen blindfolded while holding a stick and two others around him .	who is seen blindfolded while holding a stick and two others around him ?	man
13249	The man then swings violently at the pinata as someone moves it higher and then drops the pinata right above his head .	who then swings violently at the pinata as someone moves it higher and then drops the pinata right above his head ?	man
13251	The women grab each others hands and push as hard as they can until one of them loses .	who grab each others hands and push as hard as they can until one of them loses ?	women
13253	One of the girls lets her hand loose and the other girl opens her mouth in shock .	who does one of the girls let her hand loose and opens her mouth in shock ?	girl
13256	Two men are seen standing behind a table speaking to the camera and then hold up various objects to the camera .	how many men are seen standing behind the table speaking to the camera and then hold up various objects to the camera ?	two
13258	A band is marching down a street playing drums .	the band is marching down a street playing what ?	drums
13259	A woman in a black hat is standing on the street watching them .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
13261	A man is seen kneeling down to a tire an then places it on a machine .	who is seen kneeling down to the tire an then places it on a machine ?	man
13263	A horse is seen off in the distance followed by a man speaking to the camera in front of a large group of horses .	what is seen off in the distance followed by a man speaking to the camera in front of a large group of horses ?	horse
13266	A chef is working in a kitchen .	who is working in the kitchen ?	chef
13266	A chef is working in a kitchen .	where is the chef working . ?	kitchen
13267	He presses buttons on a digital screen .	what did he press on a digital screen ?	buttons
13269	A man is shown talking to a camera followed by him and another woman standing near a volleyball net .	who is shown talking to the camera followed by him and another woman standing near a volleyball net ?	man
13270	The man throws the ball to the girl who bounces it back to him .	who throws the ball to the girl who bounces it back to him ?	man
13270	The man throws the ball to the girl who bounces it back to him .	what does the man throw to the girl who bounces it back to him ?	ball
13272	A small collie is standing on top of a table .	what is standing on top of a table ?	collie
13273	He is tied in place , and a man begins brushing him all over .	who is he tied in place , and begins brushing him all over ?	man
13277	A man is shaving his beard .	who is shaving his beard ?	man
13279	The man continues riding down the path as the camera follows his movements .	who continues riding down the path as the camera follows his movements ?	man
13281	The host shows off each product and how they help clean a shoe .	who shows off each product and how they help clean a shoe ?	host
13283	A basketball shoe is cleaned next .	what is basketball cleaned next ?	shoe
13289	A young girl wearing a gray sweater with long red colored hair is brushing her hair .	who is wearing a gray sweater with long red colored hair is brushing her hair ?	girl
13289	A young girl wearing a gray sweater with long red colored hair is brushing her hair .	the young girl wearing what with long red colored hair is brushing her hair ?	sweater
13289	A young girl wearing a gray sweater with long red colored hair is brushing her hair .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
13289	A young girl wearing a gray sweater with long red colored hair is brushing her hair .	what is the color of the hair ?	red
13290	She is using a silver paddle brush to remove the knots from her hair and de-tangle it as she brushes it through .	what is she using ?	brush
13292	A young child is seen holding an ice cream cone and speaking to the camera while smiling .	who is seen holding an ice cream cone and speaking to the camera while smiling ?	child
13297	The one grabs the man intensely and hugs him it looked they wanted to kiss but they did n't .	who does the one grab intensely but they did n't ?	man
13299	A man is playing a tune using a stick and a saw .	who is playing the tune using a stick and a saw ?	man
13300	The men next to him are holding instruments , waiting their turn .	what are the men next to him , ?	instruments
13302	The video shows various pictures on how to fix a roof and the man pans over the window again with material .	what does the video show on how to fix a roof and the man pans over the window again with material ?	pictures
13302	The video shows various pictures on how to fix a roof and the man pans over the window again with material .	who does the video show various pictures on how to fix a roof and pans over the window again with material ?	man
13302	The video shows various pictures on how to fix a roof and the man pans over the window again with material .	what does the video show various pictures on how to fix a roof and the man pans over again with material ?	window
13305	The rodeo clowns distract the bull as the rider gets to safety .	who do rodeo distract the bull as the rider gets to safety ?	clowns
13305	The rodeo clowns distract the bull as the rider gets to safety .	what do the rodeo clowns distract ?	bull
13306	A clown gets hurt and goes for treatment from a pretty lady .	who gets hurt and goes for treatment from a pretty lady ?	clown
13307	A group of men on horses talk and as they ride away , the clown restarts his job in the ring .	who do the group of men on horses talk and , restarts his job in the ring ?	clown
13308	The clown gets injured again as he jumps over a bulls head and the other clowns help him up .	who gets injured again as he jumps over a bulls head and the other clowns help him up ?	clown
13308	The clown gets injured again as he jumps over a bulls head and the other clowns help him up .	who does the clown get and help him up ?	clowns
13309	A large group of people are seen holding a rope while two more walk into frame and the camera closes in on the people .	how many more walk are the large group of people seen holding a rope while into frame and the camera closes in on the people ?	two
13310	The camera continues to pan around the people and leads into a match of tug of war and the women celebrating .	what continues to pan around the people and leads into a match of tug of war and the women celebrating ?	camera
13312	A man is speaking onstage to the people as they prepare for the main event .	who is speaking onstage to the people as they prepare for the main event ?	man
13314	A dog owner takes three dogs to a dog cleaning service and company where the dogs are washed and dried .	who takes three dogs to a dog cleaning service and company where the dogs are washed and dried ?	owner
13314	A dog owner takes three dogs to a dog cleaning service and company where the dogs are washed and dried .	how many dogs does the dog owner take to a dog cleaning service and company where the dogs are washed ?	three
13315	Three dogs are shown getting dirty by waking in mud puddles and through dirt and grass .	what are shown getting dirty by waking in mud puddles and through dirt and grass ?	dogs
13315	Three dogs are shown getting dirty by waking in mud puddles and through dirt and grass .	how many dogs are shown getting dirty by waking in mud puddles and through dirt and grass ?	three
13316	The dogs are then loaded in a vehicle and taken to a dog washing company where they are placed in wash sinks .	what are then loaded in the vehicle and taken to a dog washing company where they are placed in wash sinks ?	dogs
13316	The dogs are then loaded in a vehicle and taken to a dog washing company where they are placed in wash sinks .	where are the dogs then loaded and taken to a dog washing company where they are placed in wash sinks . ?	vehicle
13317	All three dogs are washed and dried by people after which the people are shown cleaning the area where the dogs were washed .	what are washed and dried by people after which the people are shown cleaning the area where the dogs were washed ?	dogs
13317	All three dogs are washed and dried by people after which the people are shown cleaning the area where the dogs were washed .	how many dogs are washed and dried by people after which the people are shown cleaning the area where the dogs were washed ?	three
13318	A man is begining to weld .	who is begining to weld ?	man
13320	He finishes his weld and backs away .	what does he finish ?	weld
13321	A man is unrolling carpet onto the floor .	who is unrolling carpet onto the floor ?	man
13321	A man is unrolling carpet onto the floor .	what is the man unrolling onto the floor ?	carpet
13324	He then lays the carpet down on top of it and smooths it out .	what does he then lay down on top of it ?	carpet
13325	He then vacuums the carpet when he is finished .	what does he then vacuum ?	carpet
13326	A little boy is seated on the floor with a cup and a spoon .	who is seated on the floor with a cup and a spoon ?	boy
13327	He is eating a white substance as his mother comes to check on him .	what is the color of the substance ?	white
13329	A couple of women are talking as they stand in a backyard .	where are the couple of women talking as they stand . ?	backyard
13330	They are holding moss killer attached to hoses .	who are they holding attached to hoses ?	killer
13331	The women spray the moss killer onto the roof of a shed , killing the growth with the liquid .	who spray the moss killer onto the roof of a shed , killing the growth with the liquid ?	women
13331	The women spray the moss killer onto the roof of a shed , killing the growth with the liquid .	who did the women spray onto the roof of a shed , ?	killer
13332	They then hold up the moss killer strips in a box .	where do they then hold up the moss killer strips . ?	box
13333	A man is sitting in a kayak in the river while speaking to the camera about his trip .	who is sitting in the kayak in the river while speaking to the camera about his trip ?	man
13336	man is talking to a camera and holding a knife and some magazines .	who is talking to the camera and holding a knife and some magazines ?	man
13337	man holds the knife and shavea small piece of his arm .	who holds the knife and shavea small piece of his arm ?	man
13338	man grabs some rocks from a cup of water and sharp the knife .	who grabs some rocks from a cup of water and sharp the knife ?	man
13338	man grabs some rocks from a cup of water and sharp the knife .	what does man grab from a cup of water and sharp the knife ?	rocks
13339	man use the knife to cut the magazine .	who use the knife to cut the magazine ?	man
13340	A man is seen in the ocean waters .	who is seen in the ocean waters ?	man
13344	A person washes and cuts open a pumpkin .	what does the person cut open ?	pumpkin
13347	We then see the carved pumpkin with a candle inside and the closing screen .	what do we then see with a candle inside and the closing screen ?	pumpkin
13348	Two men are seen standing together with one speaking to the camera and the other laying on the floor .	how many men are seen standing together with one speaking to the camera and the other laying on the floor ?	two
13349	The man kneels behind him and points to his body while the man laying door moves his arms and legs to demonstrate proper exercises .	who kneels behind him and points to his body while the man laying door moves his arms and legs to demonstrate proper exercises ?	man
13351	A man in a kayak is next to them .	where is the man next to them . ?	kayak
13356	The people are spreading mulch around the tree .	what are the people spreading around the tree ?	mulch
13357	Several logos are shown on the screen .	who are shown on the screen ?	logos
13358	A man gives a harmonica lesson with closeups and basically a way to tell about how to play the harmonica .	who gives the harmonica lesson with closeups and basically a way to tell about how to play the harmonica ?	man
13359	The man introduces other types of harmonicas as well .	who introduces other types of harmonicas as well ?	man
13360	A man cleans a window using a soft squeegee with detergent while explaining , then the man takes a steel wiper to clean the detergent on the window .	who cleans the window using a soft squeegee with detergent while explaining , then the man takes a steel wiper to clean the detergent on the window ?	man
13360	A man cleans a window using a soft squeegee with detergent while explaining , then the man takes a steel wiper to clean the detergent on the window .	what does the man clean using a soft squeegee with detergent while explaining , then the man takes a steel wiper to clean the detergent on the window ?	window
13360	A man cleans a window using a soft squeegee with detergent while explaining , then the man takes a steel wiper to clean the detergent on the window .	the man cleans a window using what with detergent while explaining , then the man takes a steel wiper to clean the detergent on the window ?	squeegee
13360	A man cleans a window using a soft squeegee with detergent while explaining , then the man takes a steel wiper to clean the detergent on the window .	who does the man clean a window using a soft squeegee with detergent while explaining , then takes a steel wiper to clean the detergent on the window ?	man
13362	After , the man wash again the window using the soft squeegee and the steel wipe while explaining the procedure .	who do after , wash again the window using the soft squeegee and the steel wipe while explaining the procedure ?	man
13363	A man wearing a blue shirt is throwing the shot put .	who is wearing a blue shirt is throwing the shot put ?	man
13363	A man wearing a blue shirt is throwing the shot put .	the man wearing what is throwing the shot put ?	shirt
13363	A man wearing a blue shirt is throwing the shot put .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
13364	He is going in a circular motion on a red circle painted on the ground .	what is the color of the circle ?	red
13366	Another man is swinging in circular motion , ready to throw the shot put .	who is swinging in circular motion , ready to throw the shot put ?	man
13367	A horseman throws a rope to catch a calf while people watch .	who throws the rope to catch a calf while people watch ?	horseman
13367	A horseman throws a rope to catch a calf while people watch .	what does the horseman throw ?	rope
13368	Intermediately , the man get down the horse and tie the calf .	intermediately , who get down the horse and tie the calf ?	man
13368	Intermediately , the man get down the horse and tie the calf .	what do intermediately , the man tie ?	calf
13370	After , the man get in the horse .	who do after , get in the horse ?	man
13371	Ducks are swimming in the water .	what are swimming in the water ?	ducks
13373	A woman in a black shirt and glasses talks to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
13377	A white screen with a clipart of red lion wearing a crown appears and the blue words `` British Lion Quality are around he lion .	what is the white screen with a clipart of red lion wearing a crown appears and the blue words `` british lion quality are around ?	lion
13377	A white screen with a clipart of red lion wearing a crown appears and the blue words `` British Lion Quality are around he lion .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
13377	A white screen with a clipart of red lion wearing a crown appears and the blue words `` British Lion Quality are around he lion .	what is the color of the lion ?	red
13377	A white screen with a clipart of red lion wearing a crown appears and the blue words `` British Lion Quality are around he lion .	what is the color of the words ?	blue
13378	The woman then puts butter in the pan , melts it all around , then pours her egg mix into the pan .	who then puts butter in the pan , melts it all around , then pours her egg mix into the pan ?	woman
13378	The woman then puts butter in the pan , melts it all around , then pours her egg mix into the pan .	what does the woman then put in the pan ?	butter
13378	The woman then puts butter in the pan , melts it all around , then pours her egg mix into the pan .	what does the woman then pour into the pan ?	mix
13378	The woman then puts butter in the pan , melts it all around , then pours her egg mix into the pan .	where does the woman then put butter . ?	pan
13379	The woman grabs her wooden spatula and starts manipulating the eggs in the pan making sure it does n't stick and that it cooks thoroughly .	who grabs her wooden spatula and starts manipulating the eggs in the pan making sure it does n't stick and that it cooks thoroughly ?	woman
13379	The woman grabs her wooden spatula and starts manipulating the eggs in the pan making sure it does n't stick and that it cooks thoroughly .	what does the woman grab ?	spatula
13380	The woman then takes the egg to the white plate and folds it onto it then adds a handful of greens next to it .	who then takes the egg to the white plate and folds it onto it then adds a handful of greens next to it ?	woman
13380	The woman then takes the egg to the white plate and folds it onto it then adds a handful of greens next to it .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
13381	A white screen appears with the red clipart lion in the middle and the blue words `` British Lion Quality '' going around it .	what appears with the red clipart lion in the middle and the blue words `` british lion quality '' going around it ?	screen
13381	A white screen appears with the red clipart lion in the middle and the blue words `` British Lion Quality '' going around it .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
13381	A white screen appears with the red clipart lion in the middle and the blue words `` British Lion Quality '' going around it .	what is the color of the lion ?	red
13381	A white screen appears with the red clipart lion in the middle and the blue words `` British Lion Quality '' going around it .	what is the color of the words ?	blue
13384	A man is skateboarding down a sidewalk .	who is skateboarding down the sidewalk ?	man
13386	He falls off the skateboard onto the ground .	what does he fall off onto the ground ?	skateboard
13390	The woman pulls out a feather and licks it .	who pulls out the feather and licks it ?	woman
13390	The woman pulls out a feather and licks it .	what does the woman pull out ?	feather
13395	The woman is talking and laughing while holding a snake .	who is talking and laughing while holding the snake ?	woman
13396	The woman is talking to someone .	who is talking to someone ?	woman
13398	A wine glass is given to a man by the woman .	what is given to the man by the woman ?	glass
13399	He denies the drink and she takes a sip .	what does he deny and she takes a sip ?	drink
13401	The camera follows a person in red pants snowboarding down a slope .	what follows the person in red pants snowboarding down a slope ?	camera
13401	The camera follows a person in red pants snowboarding down a slope .	what is the color of the pants ?	red
13402	The camera briefly pans away from the woman to focus on the slope .	what briefly pans away from the woman to focus on the slope ?	camera
13403	The camera pans away from the woman to focus on the slope .	what pans away from the woman to focus on the slope ?	camera
13404	A man is seen speaking to the camera holding a paddle and sitting in a kayak .	who is seen speaking to the camera holding a paddle and sitting in a kayak ?	man
13404	A man is seen speaking to the camera holding a paddle and sitting in a kayak .	where is the man seen speaking to the camera holding a paddle and sitting . ?	kayak
13405	The man then paddles himself around the area on the kayak flipping around and looking to the camera .	who then paddles himself around the area on the kayak flipping around and looking to the camera ?	man
13406	A woman rides a horse in an indoor barn while playing a game of solo polo .	who rides the horse in an indoor barn while playing a game of solo polo ?	woman
13406	A woman rides a horse in an indoor barn while playing a game of solo polo .	what did the woman rid in an indoor barn while playing a game of solo polo ?	horse
13406	A woman rides a horse in an indoor barn while playing a game of solo polo .	where did the woman rid a horse . ?	barn
13407	A woman rides a horse in an indoor barn and plays polo while holding a polo stick and chasing a red ball in the indoor setting .	who rides the horse in an indoor barn and plays polo while holding a polo stick and chasing a red ball in the indoor setting ?	woman
13407	A woman rides a horse in an indoor barn and plays polo while holding a polo stick and chasing a red ball in the indoor setting .	what did the woman rid in an indoor barn and plays polo ?	horse
13407	A woman rides a horse in an indoor barn and plays polo while holding a polo stick and chasing a red ball in the indoor setting .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
13408	The woman hits at the ball while riding the horse in circles .	who hits at the ball while riding the horse in circles ?	woman
13409	the woman rides the horse until the sun begins to set and the scene gets darker and darker .	who rides the horse until the sun begins to set and the scene gets darker and darker ?	woman
13409	the woman rides the horse until the sun begins to set and the scene gets darker and darker .	what did the woman rid and the scene gets darker and darker ?	horse
13410	Wrestlers are fighting in a ring .	who are fighting in the ring ?	wrestlers
13411	A man is picked up and thrown down by other men .	who is picked up and thrown down by other men ?	man
13412	A man falls on a table and breaks it .	who falls on the table and breaks it ?	man
13413	A man wearing glasses is standing outside in the snow with some gadgets talking .	who is wearing glasses is standing outside in the snow with some gadgets talking ?	man
13413	A man wearing glasses is standing outside in the snow with some gadgets talking .	the man wearing what is standing outside in the snow with some gadgets talking ?	glasses
13414	He brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget , still talking and then grabs another shovel .	what does he bring forward looking gadget , still talking ?	shovel
13414	He brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget , still talking and then grabs another shovel .	he brings forward the blue large shovel looking what , and then grabs another shovel ?	gadget
13414	He brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget , still talking and then grabs another shovel .	he then grabs what ?	shovel
13414	He brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget , still talking and then grabs another shovel .	what is the color of the shovel ?	blue
13415	He throws the shovel and then walks to demonstrate how to shovel up the snow .	what does he throw ?	shovel
13419	A bull starts chasing a man holding a colorful blanket .	what starts chasing the man holding a colorful blanket ?	bull
13420	Two horses are dragging a bull off the arena .	what are dragging the bull off the arena ?	horses
13420	Two horses are dragging a bull off the arena .	what are two horses dragging off the arena ?	bull
13420	Two horses are dragging a bull off the arena .	how many horses are dragging the bull off the arena ?	two
13422	Two women sweep , fighting over the puck , as a woman talks to the camera .	who sweep , are fighting over the puck , as a woman talks to the camera ?	women
13422	Two women sweep , fighting over the puck , as a woman talks to the camera .	how many women sweep , is fighting over the puck , as a woman talks to the camera ?	two
13425	Several rooms and couples are shown and the ball is thrown in a cup .	what are several rooms and couples shown and is thrown in a cup ?	ball
13425	Several rooms and couples are shown and the ball is thrown in a cup .	where are several rooms and couples shown and the ball is thrown . ?	cup
13426	Once done , the camera pans out and you can see the couples are competing against each other in a room together .	what does once done , pan out and you can see the couples are competing against each other in a room together ?	camera
13427	Couples come back and more beer pong games come back .	what do couples come back and come back ?	games
13432	This elderly man is standing up cutting the red tomato into slices .	who is standing up cutting the red tomato into slices ?	man
13432	This elderly man is standing up cutting the red tomato into slices .	what is the color of the tomato ?	red
13436	A man dressed in women 's clothing comes onto the screen and begins to hula hoop while a camera is attached to the hula hoop .	who dressed in women 's clothing comes onto the screen and begins to hula hoop while a camera is attached to the hula hoop ?	man
13439	The man that is dressed as a woman gives some one a hug .	who gives some one a hug ?	man
13441	A man throws an object in a track and field event at the Olympics .	who throws an object in a track and field event at the olympics ?	man
13443	The coach reacts and cheers .	who reacts and cheers ?	coach
13444	The athlete receives a medal and waves to the crowd .	who receives the medal and waves to the crowd ?	athlete
13445	The woman then closes the drawer and brushes it some more .	who then closes the drawer and brushes it some more ?	woman
13445	The woman then closes the drawer and brushes it some more .	what does the woman then close ?	drawer
13448	A woman takes off her tank as well as putting it back and leads into them swimming more .	who takes off her tank as well as putting it back and leads into them swimming more ?	woman
13449	A woman is in a gym talking .	who is in the gym talking ?	woman
13450	the woman demonstrates how to do an exercise with a step .	who demonstrates how to do an exercise with a step ?	woman
13451	A man rides a jetski on a river with the camera at a distance .	who rides the jetski on a river with the camera at a distance ?	man
13452	The man jetskis while holding the camera at arm 's length .	who jetskis while holding the camera at arm 's length ?	man
13453	The man is shown waterskiing while pulled by the jetski .	who is shown waterskiing while pulled by the jetski ?	man
13454	The man falls and is briefly submerged .	who falls and is briefly submerged ?	man
13456	He measures the floor with a ruler followed by him putting plaster down on the floor and putting the mat back down .	what does he measure with a ruler followed by him putting plaster down on the floor and putting the mat back down ?	floor
13457	A young baby is outside in murky water holding on to a white bar .	who is outside in murky water holding on to a white bar ?	baby
13457	A young baby is outside in murky water holding on to a white bar .	what is the color of the bar ?	white
13458	Two men push him and he is shown riding a water vehicle being pulled by some type of thing .	how many men push him ?	two
13459	As he moves , a woman is on the side of him following him and stopping him along the way making sure he is okay .	who is , on the side of him following him and stopping him along the way making sure he is okay ?	woman
13460	A person is seen shirtless standing in a kitchen and holding a mop .	where is the person seen shirtless standing and holding a mop . ?	kitchen
13461	The man looks back and laughs to the camera while holding the mop .	who looks back and laughs to the camera while holding the mop ?	man
13463	A man is putting ingredients into a pan .	who is putting ingredients into a pan ?	man
13463	A man is putting ingredients into a pan .	what is the man putting into a pan ?	ingredients
13465	He puts it on a plate and shows the camera .	what does he show ?	camera
13466	A man is running down the track .	who is running down the track ?	man
13469	An athletic man is seen running to throw a ball and another person hits it into the audience .	who is seen running to throw the ball and another person hits it into the audience ?	man
13470	More clips are shown of people playing the game on the field with the audience cheers and players move around the field .	what are shown of people playing the game on the field with the audience cheers and players move around the field ?	clips
13472	A man straps his snowboard on .	who straps his snowboard on ?	man
13472	A man straps his snowboard on .	what does the man strap on ?	snowboard
13475	A woman holds a child up to kiss a man .	who holds the child up to kiss a man ?	woman
13475	A woman holds a child up to kiss a man .	who does the woman hold up ?	child
13477	A man talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	man
13479	A man talks to the camera again .	who talks to the camera again ?	man
13482	A man takes off his snowboard .	who takes off his snowboard ?	man
13483	A man steps away from a desk .	who steps away from the desk ?	man
13484	The man applies his glove to his left hand .	who applies his glove to his left hand ?	man
13484	The man applies his glove to his left hand .	what does the man apply to his left hand ?	glove
13485	The man taps a metal with a soldering iron .	who taps the metal with a soldering iron ?	man
13487	The man stops soldering the metal .	who stops soldering the metal ?	man
13488	The man removes his glove and blows smoke away from the metal piece .	who removes his glove and blows smoke away from the metal piece ?	man
13489	Two boys in blue karate suits and red belts are standing on a stage in a school cafeteria and they are doing a karate routine in unison .	how many boys in blue karate suits and red belts are standing on a stage in a school cafeteria ?	two
13489	Two boys in blue karate suits and red belts are standing on a stage in a school cafeteria and they are doing a karate routine in unison .	what is the color of the suits ?	blue
13489	Two boys in blue karate suits and red belts are standing on a stage in a school cafeteria and they are doing a karate routine in unison .	what is the color of the belts ?	red
13490	The boys then start another karate routine and they are doing various moves with their arms and legs while doing them in unison as much as possible .	who then start another karate routine and they are doing various moves with their arms and legs while doing them in unison as much as possible ?	boys
13493	The man pushes the real mower back and forth .	who pushes the real mower back and forth ?	man
13493	The man pushes the real mower back and forth .	what does the man push back and forth ?	mower
13494	The little boy follows him with a toy mower .	who follows him with a toy mower ?	boy
13496	Then , the person arrives to a flat area where there are four people .	how many people does then , the person arrive to a flat area where there are ?	four
13497	An athlete performs a long jump at a professional sports event as onlookers watch and clap .	who performs the long jump at a professional sports event as onlookers watch and clap ?	athlete
13499	The man runs a distance and performs a long jump .	who runs the distance and performs a long jump ?	man
13500	The man takes his shoes off while sitting on a bench .	who takes his shoes off while sitting on a bench ?	man
13503	A man is standing in a room holding a large instrument .	who is standing in the room holding a large instrument ?	man
13505	A man in a green shirt is talking into a microphone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
13507	The kids continue grabbing water while the camera pans around the other people swimming in the area .	who continue grabbing water while the camera pans around the other people swimming in the area ?	kids
13508	Two of the guys are stopped on a road and then all of a sudden one of them picks up a skateboard and throws it very hard against the wall .	what are two of the guys stopped on a road and then all of a sudden one of them picks up and throws it very hard against the wall ?	skateboard
13509	The guys are shown skateboarding again and this time they are wearing helmets as they skateboard down the roads in this city going very fast and doing multiple various tricks .	who are shown skateboarding again and this time they are wearing helmets as they skateboard down the roads in this city going very fast and doing multiple various tricks ?	guys
13509	The guys are shown skateboarding again and this time they are wearing helmets as they skateboard down the roads in this city going very fast and doing multiple various tricks .	what are the guys shown and this time they are wearing ?	helmets
13510	We see young ladies hug each other on a track .	who do we see hug each other on a track ?	ladies
13512	A lady swings her arms as she finishes .	who swings her arms as she finishes ?	lady
13513	We see a title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
13514	We see a 4 ladies throwing the hammer .	how many ladies do we see throwing the hammer ?	four
13516	A lady hugs a woman and a man .	who hugs the woman and a man ?	lady
13517	A small boy swings out off a large piece of playground equipment .	who swings out off the large piece of playground equipment ?	boy
13521	The man then rubs polish into the other shoe on the table as well as back to the one he started on .	who then rubs polish into the other shoe on the table as well as back to the one he started on ?	man
13523	This woman is showing viewers how to make a whiskey sour .	who is showing viewers how to make a whiskey sour ?	woman
13524	First she pours one ounce of whiskey over ice into the ross glass .	how many ounce does first she pour of whiskey over ice into the ross glass ?	one
13525	Then she pours citrus into the glass and puts a straw into it .	what does then she pour into the glass ?	citrus
13526	A man is in a snowy parking lot .	who is in the snowy parking lot ?	man
13532	A woman is performing partial arts moves with a man on a stage .	who is performing partial arts moves with a man on a stage ?	woman
13535	A lady plays pool alone indoors .	who plays pool alone indoors ?	lady
13536	The white ball falls off the pool table .	what falls off the pool table ?	ball
13536	The white ball falls off the pool table .	what does the white ball fall off ?	table
13536	The white ball falls off the pool table .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
13537	The lady picks up the white ball from the floor .	who picks up the white ball from the floor ?	lady
13537	The lady picks up the white ball from the floor .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
13539	The raft stops and the cameraman gets up and walks around while filming the ground .	what stops and the cameraman gets up and walks around while filming the ground ?	raft
13539	The raft stops and the cameraman gets up and walks around while filming the ground .	who does the raft stop and gets up and walks around while filming the ground ?	cameraman
13540	A hand then covers the camera .	what does the hand then cover ?	camera
13541	An older woman peels a potato over a table .	who peels the potato over a table ?	woman
13542	She sets the knife down on the table .	what does she set down on the table ?	knife
13547	little kids are going down a slide in a dust pathway .	who are going down the slide in a dust pathway ?	kids
13548	A boy is explaining how to put on toes shoes on his left foot .	who is explaining how to put on toes shoes on his left foot ?	boy
13549	Then , the boy raise the right foot and take out the toe shoe and continue explaining .	then , who raise the right foot and take out the toe shoe and continue explaining ?	boy
13552	The man drinks it and then calls people from a smart phone .	who drinks it and then calls people from a smart phone ?	man
13553	There two women boxers competing in kickboxing against each other in a boxing event .	how many women does there boxers compete in kickboxing against each other in a boxing event ?	two
13554	The referee is standing next to them .	who is standing next to them ?	referee
13555	There are several spectators watching the boxers compete .	who are there watching the boxers compete ?	spectators
13556	After the referee gives a go , the contestants begin the match .	who do , begin the match ?	contestants
13558	The boxer in the black uniform punches the boxer in red and makes her fall down .	what is the color of the uniform ?	black
13559	The boxer in red kicks her opponent .	who does the boxer in red kick ?	opponent
13560	The boxer in black strikes back at her opponent and the boxer in red punches her face .	what is the color of the strikes ?	black
13561	The referee declares the boxer in black as the winner and crowd applauds her victory .	who declares the boxer in black as the winner and crowd applauds her victory ?	referee
13561	The referee declares the boxer in black as the winner and crowd applauds her victory .	who does the referee declare in black ?	boxer
13561	The referee declares the boxer in black as the winner and crowd applauds her victory .	what is the color of the boxer ?	black
13562	A camera pans around a person standing and leads into him looking off into the distance and carrying gear .	what pans around the person standing and leads into him looking off into the distance and carrying gear ?	camera
13563	The man suits up as the camera shows close ups of his board .	who suits up as the camera shows close ups of his board ?	man
13564	The man is then seen doing numerous tricks over the water while following behind a boat .	who is then seen doing numerous tricks over the water while following behind a boat ?	man
13565	Two men are boxing inside a gym .	how many men are boxing inside a gym ?	two
13567	The two men kick and alternate blows with punches .	how many men kick and alternate blows with punches ?	two
13568	A woman is sanding a book shelf with a sander .	who is sanding the book shelf with a sander ?	woman
13568	A woman is sanding a book shelf with a sander .	what is the woman sanding with a sander ?	shelf
13574	A woman is seen outside playing a game of beach volley ball serving it over the net in slow motion .	who is seen outside playing the game of beach volley ball serving it over the net in slow motion ?	woman
13577	A gymnast is seen standing before a large beam and putting his hands up in the air .	who is seen standing before the large beam and putting his hands up in the air ?	gymnast
13579	A young child is seen sitting next to a tub and bending over the side .	who is seen sitting next to the tub and bending over the side ?	child
13582	A camera zooms in on a person playing guitar and leads into a man speaking .	what zooms in on the person playing guitar and leads into a man speaking ?	camera
13584	We see a man jumping on jump stilts .	who do we see jumping on jump stilts ?	man
13588	The woman then wears a glove and brushes the horse all over while the capture captures her movements and the horse .	who then wears the glove and brushes the horse all over while the capture captures her movements and the horse ?	woman
13588	The woman then wears a glove and brushes the horse all over while the capture captures her movements and the horse .	what does the woman then wear ?	glove
13588	The woman then wears a glove and brushes the horse all over while the capture captures her movements and the horse .	what did the woman then brush all over ?	horse
13590	Beets are being chopped up on a chopping block .	what are being chopped up on the chopping block ?	beets
13591	They are put in a pan and covered with water .	where are they put and covered with water . ?	pan
13594	Carrots are grated over the kale .	what are grated over the kale ?	carrots
13595	A tomato is diced and mixed with dressing .	what is diced and mixed with dressing ?	tomato
13597	A man takes a bite of the salad .	who takes the bite of the salad ?	man
13600	A woman climbs into the back of a van with other people .	who climbs into the back of a van with other people ?	woman
13602	Many people are dancing , falling off skateboards , and performing various tricks like tightrope walking and flips .	what are many people dancing , falling off , and performing various tricks like tightrope walking ?	skateboards
13604	A train goes by on a track , and several cars are seen driving on a wet road .	what goes by on the track , and several cars are seen driving on a wet road ?	train
13604	A train goes by on a track , and several cars are seen driving on a wet road .	what does the train go by on a track , and are seen driving on a wet road ?	cars
13605	A woman gets out , and crouches by a flat tire .	who gets out , and crouches by the flat tire ?	woman
13606	She uses equipment to lift the car from the ground , then removes the tire .	what does she use , then removes the tire ?	equipment
13607	She replaces the bad tire with a spare .	what does she replace with a spare ?	tire
13608	she then puts away her equipment and gives a thumbs up before driving safely away .	what does she then put away ?	equipment
13610	He is being pulled by a red rope that is fastened to a steamboat .	what is the color of the rope ?	red
13612	snowboarder is in big field in white snow .	who is in big field in white snow ?	snowboarder
13612	snowboarder is in big field in white snow .	what is the color of the snow ?	white
13614	people is in cubicle and moving down the mountain in snowboard and pass by a parking lot .	where is people and moving down the mountain in snowboard and pass by a parking lot . ?	cubicle
13615	An older women is shown sitting on a front step putting socks on with a small dog standing near her .	who is shown sitting on the front step putting socks on with a small dog standing near her ?	women
13616	She then puts her shoe on the foot and the dog looks off into the distance .	what does she then put on the foot and the dog looks off into the distance ?	shoe
13616	She then puts her shoe on the foot and the dog looks off into the distance .	what does she then put her shoe on the foot and looks off into the distance ?	dog
13617	A cooker shows ingredients to make salad pasta while talking .	what shows ingredients to make salad pasta while talking ?	cooker
13618	The cooker puts pasta on a square container and adds vegetables .	what puts pasta on a square container and adds vegetables ?	cooker
13618	The cooker puts pasta on a square container and adds vegetables .	what does the cooker put on a square container ?	pasta
13618	The cooker puts pasta on a square container and adds vegetables .	what does the cooker add ?	vegetables
13619	Then , the cooker adds cheese , broth , white cream , salt and then he mix it .	what is the color of the cream ?	white
13620	The man serves the pasta with a piece of tomato and he taste the salad .	who serves the pasta with a piece of tomato and he taste the salad ?	man
13620	The man serves the pasta with a piece of tomato and he taste the salad .	what does the man serve with a piece of tomato and he taste the salad ?	pasta
13620	The man serves the pasta with a piece of tomato and he taste the salad .	what does the man serve the pasta with a piece of tomato and he taste ?	salad
13621	An athletic woman is seen standing ready holding a pole in her hands and looking down and back .	who is seen standing ready holding the pole in her hands and looking down and back ?	woman
13622	She then holds the stick up and pole volts herself onto a mat .	she then holds what up ?	stick
13624	A man is seated cross legged watching a show .	who is seated cross legged watching a show ?	man
13625	A man is kneeling in front of the crowd , talking .	who is kneeling in front of the crowd , talking ?	man
13628	Two men speak on walkie talkies on the side and the men drive the cars into one another .	what do two men speak on walkie talkies on the side and the men drive into one another ?	cars
13628	Two men speak on walkie talkies on the side and the men drive the cars into one another .	how many men speak on walkie talkies on the side ?	two
13629	One pushes the car back and the men all get out and speak to one another .	what does one push back and the men all get out and speak to one another ?	car
13630	Another car is test with the men speaking to the camera and pushes the car back while others look in disbelief .	what is test with the men speaking to the camera and pushes the car back while others look in disbelief ?	car
13631	A BTRtv reporter visits a soul cycle studio and store , interviews a soul cycle instructor and takes a sample soul cycle class .	who visits the soul cycle studio and store , interviews a soul cycle instructor and takes a sample soul cycle class ?	reporter
13632	A reporter holding a microphone , stands outside of a soul cycle store speaking to the camera , and then enters the store and interviews a soul cycle instructor .	who is holding a microphone , stands outside of a soul cycle store speaking to the camera , and then enters the store and interviews a soul cycle instructor ?	reporter
13632	A reporter holding a microphone , stands outside of a soul cycle store speaking to the camera , and then enters the store and interviews a soul cycle instructor .	the reporter holding what , stands outside of a soul cycle store speaking to the camera , and then enters the store and interviews a soul cycle instructor ?	microphone
13633	The reporter then changes clothes and takes a soul cycle class interspersed with video of instructor led soul cycle classes .	who then changes clothes and takes a soul cycle class interspersed with video of instructor led soul cycle classes ?	reporter
13633	The reporter then changes clothes and takes a soul cycle class interspersed with video of instructor led soul cycle classes .	what does the reporter then change ?	clothes
13634	The reporter returns to interviewing the soul cycle instructor with a final shot of rows of clothing hanging in the soul cycle store .	who returns to interviewing the soul cycle instructor with a final shot of rows of clothing hanging in the soul cycle store ?	reporter
13637	We see a title screen on black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
13639	Cars begin to pass the lady .	what begin to pass the lady ?	cars
13640	The lady passes parked cars .	who passes parked cars ?	lady
13640	The lady passes parked cars .	what does the lady pass ?	cars
13641	The lady talks as she stands in front of a building door .	who talks as she stands in front of a building door ?	lady
13643	We see the ending screen on black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
13646	They drop the scarves , focusing solely on the dance before dropping to the ground , then rising and dancing off stage .	what do they drop , ?	scarves
13647	A man is raking leaves in his yard .	who is raking leaves in his yard ?	man
13654	A man is seen standing in a gym holding a racket while the camera pans out to show two men .	who is seen standing in the gym holding a racket while the camera pans out to show two men ?	man
13658	referee is standing in front of table watching the game .	who is standing in front of table watching the game ?	referee
13660	A man is seen standing in a black room and proceeds to play a flute while the camera captures him .	who is seen standing in the black room and proceeds to play a flute while the camera captures him ?	man
13660	A man is seen standing in a black room and proceeds to play a flute while the camera captures him .	what is the color of the room ?	black
13661	The man continues to lay the instrument while moving his hands up and down and moving his head to the beat .	who continues to lay the instrument while moving his hands up and down and moving his head to the beat ?	man
13663	boys do back flips on a blue mat .	who do back flips on the blue mat ?	boys
13663	boys do back flips on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
13664	A kid jumps over several other kids laying on the mat .	who jumps over several other kids laying on the mat ?	kid
13665	Two guys body roll with each other on the mat .	who roll with each other on the mat ?	body
13665	Two guys body roll with each other on the mat .	how many guys body roll with each other on the mat ?	two
13667	A gift wrapped present is wrapped with a clear plastic and taped in place .	what wrapped present is wrapped with a clear plastic and taped in place ?	gift
13668	Red ribbons are tied at each end .	what are tied at each end ?	ribbons
13670	The final wrapped product is laying on the table .	what is laying on the table ?	product
13673	A girl plays in a indoor plastic ball pool with a slide .	who plays in the indoor plastic ball pool with a slide ?	girl
13674	The girl climbs up the stair case then slides down the slide .	who climbs up the stair case then slides down the slide ?	girl
13675	The girl climbs up a staircase then crawls through a tunnel .	who climbs up the staircase then crawls through a tunnel ?	girl
13676	The girl slides down into a ball pool then climbs back up the slide .	then climbs back up what ?	slide
13677	The girl plays with the tick-tack-toe board before sliding back down .	who plays with the tick-tack-toe board before sliding back down ?	girl
13679	The child walks into a trampoline room then jumps up and down .	who walks into the trampoline room then jumps up and down ?	child
13680	The child walks over a suspension bridge then then over a bridge with nets .	who walks over the suspension bridge then then over a bridge with nets ?	child
13680	The child walks over a suspension bridge then then over a bridge with nets .	what does the child walk over then then over a bridge with nets ?	bridge
13681	The girl slides into the ball pool then climbs up onto the wall and jumps back in .	who then climbs up onto the wall and jumps back in ?	girl
13682	the girl climbs up the slide railing .	who climbs up the slide railing ?	girl
13682	the girl climbs up the slide railing .	what does the girl climb up ?	railing
13683	The girl slides down a steep orange slide .	who slides down the steep orange slide ?	girl
13683	The girl slides down a steep orange slide .	what is the color of the slide ?	orange
13684	Balls are thrown at the girl and she throws them back laughing .	what are thrown at the girl and she throws them back laughing ?	balls
13685	A man is seen playing the drums with another man beside him with several lights flash around his face .	who is seen playing the drums with another man beside him with several lights flash around his face ?	man
13686	Another man is seen holding a guitar and several shots of a stage are shown .	who is seen holding the guitar and several shots of a stage are shown ?	man
13687	The musician grabs a microphone and the guitarist jumps on stage with a cigarette in his mouth .	who grabs the microphone and the guitarist jumps on stage with a cigarette in his mouth ?	musician
13688	A man holding a violin is speaking to the camera with a young boy who is also holding a violin .	who is holding a violin is speaking to the camera with a young boy who is also holding a violin ?	man
13688	A man holding a violin is speaking to the camera with a young boy who is also holding a violin .	the man holding what is speaking to the camera with a young boy who is also holding a violin ?	violin
13689	The boys talk back and fourth for a while and the man shows the boy how to properly play the violin .	who talk back and fourth for the while and the man shows the boy how to properly play the violin ?	boys
13689	The boys talk back and fourth for a while and the man shows the boy how to properly play the violin .	who do the boys talk back and fourth for a while and shows the boy how to properly play the violin ?	man
13689	The boys talk back and fourth for a while and the man shows the boy how to properly play the violin .	who do the boys talk back and fourth for a while and the man shows ?	boy
13690	The boy then does exactly what the instructor taught him while the instructor corrects his playing .	who then does exactly what the instructor taught him while the instructor corrects his playing ?	boy
13691	A persons hands are seen laying clay out onto a cake and begins painting objects on the side .	what does the persons hands begin on the side ?	objects
13692	The woman puts the decorations around the cake and continues decorating more objects on the side .	who puts the decorations around the cake and continues decorating more objects on the side ?	woman
13692	The woman puts the decorations around the cake and continues decorating more objects on the side .	what does the woman put around the cake ?	decorations
13693	She finishes the cake by adding the final decorations and presenting it to the camera .	what does she finish by adding the final decorations and presenting it to the camera ?	cake
13695	The players are yelling and then the ball is hit towards the goal and deflected as the crowd cheers them on .	what are the players yelling and then is hit towards the goal and deflected as the crowd cheers them on ?	ball
13696	The ball is then thrown back into the pool .	what is then thrown back into the pool ?	ball
13697	A woman in a black shirt is sitting on a bench .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
13698	A man sits behind a desk .	who sits behind the desk ?	man
13699	Two people are sitting on a bean bag chair .	how many people are sitting on the bean bag chair ?	two
13700	A man is drinking from a mug .	who is drinking from the mug ?	man
13701	A man wearing a white shirt stands in a kitchen with a mop .	who is wearing a white shirt stands in a kitchen with a mop ?	man
13701	A man wearing a white shirt stands in a kitchen with a mop .	the man wearing what stands in a kitchen with a mop ?	shirt
13701	A man wearing a white shirt stands in a kitchen with a mop .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
13702	The man begins mopping the floor while standing in front of washing machines .	who begins mopping the floor while standing in front of washing machines ?	man
13703	The man mopping takes a few steps and slips as his left leg slides on the floor and he falls to the floor .	who takes the few steps and slips as his left leg slides on the floor and he falls to the floor ?	mopping
13704	Two trains drive along an elevated rail in a city .	what drive along an elevated rail in a city ?	trains
13704	Two trains drive along an elevated rail in a city .	how many trains drive along an elevated rail in a city ?	two
13705	The camera pans to show a man playing a harmonica while sitting on a log beside a river .	what pans to show the man playing a harmonica while sitting on a log beside a river ?	camera
13706	A woman walks near the train tracks while a train drives by .	who walks near the train tracks while a train drives by ?	woman
13707	The woman sees the harmonica playing man in the distance .	who sees the harmonica playing man in the distance ?	woman
13710	The man finishes playing and remains seated .	who finishes playing and remains seated ?	man
13711	A man wearing a heavy apron , heavy gloves and large plastic mask over his face walks over to a tool sitting on a wooden table .	who is wearing a heavy apron , heavy gloves and large plastic mask over his face walks over to a tool sitting on a wooden table ?	man
13712	The man picks up the tool and touches it to something on the table making sparks fly .	who picks up the tool and touches it to something on the table making sparks fly ?	man
13712	The man picks up the tool and touches it to something on the table making sparks fly .	what does the man pick up ?	tool
13714	The man stops and and takes a step back while pulling his face mask up and looking at the item on the table .	who stops and and takes the step back while pulling his face mask up and looking at the item on the table ?	man
13715	The man pulls his face mask back down and begins to use the tool again sending sparks flying again .	who pulls his face mask back down and begins to use the tool again sending sparks flying again ?	man
13715	The man pulls his face mask back down and begins to use the tool again sending sparks flying again .	what does the man pull back down ?	mask
13716	The man pauses and backs away looking at the item on the table .	who pauses and backs away looking at the item on the table ?	man
13717	He touches the tool to the item one more time .	what did he touch to the item one more time ?	tool
13718	The man then looks at the tool he is using and shakes it a little before sitting it down on the table .	who then looks at the tool he is using and shakes it a little before sitting it down on the table ?	man
13719	The man then removes one of his gloves and walks away .	who then removes one of his gloves and walks away ?	man
13721	Two men then hit the balls around the table back and fourth while many watch and react around them .	what did two men then hit around the table back and fourth ?	balls
13721	Two men then hit the balls around the table back and fourth while many watch and react around them .	how many men then hit the balls around the table back and fourth while many watch and react around them ?	two
13725	a girl stands in front of a bathroom mirror and vigorously rubs her face .	who stands in front of a bathroom mirror and vigorously rubs her face ?	girl
13726	The girl turns on the faucet .	who turns on the faucet ?	girl
13727	The girl then splashes water on her face several times .	who then splashes water on her face several times ?	girl
13728	The girl wipes her face with a towel .	who wipes her face with a towel ?	girl
13730	He uses the tool to push a carpet area over and continues talking to the camera .	what does he use ?	tool
13732	Several kites fly in the air , in a bright blue sky , over a sandy area .	what fly in the air , in a bright blue sky , over a sandy area ?	kites
13732	Several kites fly in the air , in a bright blue sky , over a sandy area .	what is the color of the sky ?	blue
13733	A man is seen kneeling over some equipment in the sand .	who is seen kneeling over some equipment in the sand ?	man
13734	More kites fly as people watch the varied styles of kite , including one kite shaped like a dog .	what fly as people watch the varied styles of kite , including one kite shaped like a dog ?	kites
13735	A lady lays on a yoga mat in a carpeted room and does sit ups while talking .	who lays on the yoga mat in a carpeted room and does sit ups while talking ?	lady
13736	A finger enters the screen .	what does the finger enter ?	screen
13737	The lady finishes and stops .	who finishes and stops ?	lady
13738	A bartender is shown speaking to the camera while pouring ice into a glass and various liquids into a blender .	who is shown speaking to the camera while pouring ice into a glass and various liquids into a blender ?	bartender
13741	A man in a gym is donning a pair of boxing gloves .	where is the man donning a pair of boxing gloves . ?	gym
13744	We see a black opening logo .	what do we see ?	logo
13744	We see a black opening logo .	what is the color of the logo ?	black
13745	A man etches a pumpkin with a knife like tool .	who etches the pumpkin with a knife like tool ?	man
13745	A man etches a pumpkin with a knife like tool .	what does the man etch with a knife like tool ?	pumpkin
13746	The man then carves a logo into the pumpkin .	who then carves the logo into the pumpkin ?	man
13747	We see the pumpkin with a light inside of it .	what do we see with a light inside of it ?	pumpkin
13750	A dog runs by the man and woman .	what runs by the man and woman ?	dog
13754	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him playing on a set of drums .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him playing on a set of drums ?	man
13755	The man continues speaking to the camera with his hands and moving the sticks while looking around .	who continues speaking to the camera with his hands and moving the sticks while looking around ?	man
13756	The host enters a gun store and dances around .	who enters the gun store and dances around ?	host
13756	The host enters a gun store and dances around .	what does the host enter ?	store
13760	A camera pans out away from a beach followed by hundreds of people rowing canoes .	what pans out away from the beach followed by hundreds of people rowing canoes ?	camera
13762	The man checks his phone and looks off into the distance and another shot of people canoeing are shown .	who checks his phone and looks off into the distance and another shot of people canoeing are shown ?	man
13762	The man checks his phone and looks off into the distance and another shot of people canoeing are shown .	what does the man check and another shot of people canoeing are shown ?	phone
13763	We see the title on the black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
13768	The ladies are explaining why they chose Capoeira .	who are explaining why they chose capoeira ?	ladies
13770	A man spreads a white sheet onto a wall .	who spreads the white sheet onto a wall ?	man
13770	A man spreads a white sheet onto a wall .	what does the man spread onto a wall ?	sheet
13770	A man spreads a white sheet onto a wall .	what is the color of the sheet ?	white
13771	He then presses a sheet with a photo printed onto it onto the white background .	what does he then press with a photo printed onto it onto the white background ?	sheet
13771	He then presses a sheet with a photo printed onto it onto the white background .	what is the color of the background ?	white
13772	When he is finished , there is a photo of a yellow motorbike parked against a brick wall on a living room wall .	what is the color of the motorbike ?	yellow
13773	A man is standing in front of an armoire as he talks .	who is standing in front of an armoire as he talks ?	man
13775	The man touches several cracks and chips in the wood , talking about them .	who touches several cracks and chips in the wood , talking about them ?	man
13777	The man uses the items to scrape , clean , and cover the cracks and scratches .	who uses the items to scrape , clean , and cover the cracks and scratches ?	man
13779	a man is seated at a piano .	who is seated at the piano ?	man
13782	A camera records a shop with two people standing inside , eventually leading over to a group of people standing by docks .	what records the shop with two people standing inside , eventually leading over to a group of people standing by docks ?	camera
13782	A camera records a shop with two people standing inside , eventually leading over to a group of people standing by docks .	what does the camera record with two people standing inside , eventually leading over to a group of people standing by docks ?	shop
13783	A man walks down the docks while another holds a bucket and the camera pans to a woman talking .	who walks down the docks while another holds a bucket and the camera pans to a woman talking ?	man
13784	The woman puts on a vest and goggles and walks down into a boat .	who puts on the vest and goggles and walks down into a boat ?	woman
13787	A man wearing surgical clothes demonstrates the proper way to wash hands for surgical procedures and first removes jewelry .	who is wearing surgical clothes demonstrates the proper way to wash hands for surgical procedures and first removes jewelry ?	man
13787	A man wearing surgical clothes demonstrates the proper way to wash hands for surgical procedures and first removes jewelry .	the man wearing what demonstrates the proper way to wash hands for surgical procedures and first removes jewelry ?	clothes
13787	A man wearing surgical clothes demonstrates the proper way to wash hands for surgical procedures and first removes jewelry .	what is the man wearing surgical clothes demonstrates the proper way and first removes ?	jewelry
13788	The surgeon then wets his hands and ads soap .	who then wets his hands and ads soap ?	surgeon
13789	The surgeon then rubs the palms together and builds a lather .	who then rubs the palms together and builds a lather ?	surgeon
13789	The surgeon then rubs the palms together and builds a lather .	what does the surgeon build ?	lather
13791	The surgeon then rubs the back of fingers with hands .	who then rubs the back of fingers with hands ?	surgeon
13796	The camera pans all around to people sitting in the raft and continuing to move along and move under a bridge .	what pans all around to people sitting in the raft and continuing to move along and move under a bridge ?	camera
13797	A young woman is seen walking into frame hitting a ball around a room .	who is seen walking into frame hitting a ball around a room ?	woman
13798	The girl walks around the room back and fourth while holding a tennis racket and hitting a ball .	who walks around the room back and fourth while holding a tennis racket and hitting a ball ?	girl
13798	The girl walks around the room back and fourth while holding a tennis racket and hitting a ball .	what does the girl walk around back and fourth ?	room
13799	The girl continues to hit the ball around while the camera watches .	who continues to hit the ball around while the camera watches ?	girl
13800	There are two brown hot dog dogs standing at a gate that 's at the end of a staircase .	what are there standing at a gate that 's at the end of a staircase ?	dogs
13800	There are two brown hot dog dogs standing at a gate that 's at the end of a staircase .	how many brown hot dog dogs are there standing at a gate that 's at the end of a staircase ?	two
13800	There are two brown hot dog dogs standing at a gate that 's at the end of a staircase .	what is the color of the dogs ?	brown
13804	People ride camels through the desert .	what do people ride through the desert ?	camels
13806	The first camel group begins walking back to the camera .	what begins walking back to the camera ?	group
13809	She taps it over and over again , but does n't break the pinata .	what does she do n't break ?	pinata
13813	A woman talks on front a hopscotch .	who talks on front a hopscotch ?	woman
13814	Then , the woman hops n the hopscotch while talking .	who does then , hop n the hopscotch while talking ?	woman
13815	The woman turns when arrives to the end of the hopscotch and continues hopping .	who turns when arrives to the end of the hopscotch and continues hopping ?	woman
13816	A wrestler picks up another wrestler from the ground .	who picks up another wrestler from the ground ?	wrestler
13817	The wrestler lifts him up into the air .	who lifts him up into the air ?	wrestler
13818	Lastly , the wrestler drops him hard onto the floor .	who does lastly , drop him hard onto the floor ?	wrestler
13819	A large wheel is spinning nonstop on a stand .	what is spinning nonstop on a stand ?	wheel
13821	The bike wheel is then adjusted and fixed .	what is then adjusted and fixed ?	wheel
13823	The camera zooms in on the bars and the person pours liquid into the side .	what zooms in on the bars and the person pours liquid into the side ?	camera
13824	The man continues working and ends by putting the handlebars back and riding away .	who continues working and ends by putting the handlebars back and riding away ?	man
13826	She juices her lemons on a cutting board , with a knife and bowl .	what did she juices on a cutting board , with a knife and bowl ?	lemons
13827	She strains her juice into a bigger cup .	what did she strain into a bigger cup ?	juice
13828	At an oven , she prepares simple sugar with water and sugar .	what does at an oven , she prepare with water and sugar ?	sugar
13830	She shows other lemonade recipes .	what does she show ?	recipes
13831	A man in a blue shirt lifts a kid onto a counter .	who does the man in a blue shirt lift onto a counter ?	kid
13831	A man in a blue shirt lifts a kid onto a counter .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
13832	The kid starts throwing darts at balloons on the wall .	who starts throwing darts at balloons on the wall ?	kid
13834	Two women are seen speaking to one another and lead into a game of volleyball played by a large group of people .	who are seen speaking to one another and lead into a game of volleyball played by a large group of people ?	women
13834	Two women are seen speaking to one another and lead into a game of volleyball played by a large group of people .	how many women are seen speaking to one another and lead into a game of volleyball played by a large group of people ?	two
13836	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
13837	A man dives into a large pool repeatedly .	who dives into the large pool repeatedly ?	man
13838	A man sitting on the side middle takes photos while sitting .	who is sitting on the side middle takes photos while sitting ?	man
13839	The sitting man stands and takes photos of the diver .	who stands and takes photos of the diver ?	man
13840	The diver swims to the edge of the pool .	who swims to the edge of the pool ?	diver
13841	A person with no arms is seen sitting in a chair and playing the guitar with his feet .	where is the person with no arms seen sitting and playing the guitar with his feet . ?	chair
13843	A woman in a white dress walks into her house all happy only to be very disappointed when she see 's the dishes in the sink .	what is the color of the dress ?	white
13846	A woman puts some lotion on her hand .	who puts some lotion on her hand ?	woman
13847	She rubs the lotion onto her face .	what did she rub onto her face ?	lotion
13849	A girl is shown washing and scrubbing her face several times while speaking into the camera .	who is shown washing and scrubbing her face several times while speaking into the camera ?	girl
13851	A young man plays bowling with other man while throwing balls and pins .	who plays bowling with other man while throwing balls and pins ?	man
13852	A ball exit form a container .	what form the container ?	exit
13852	A ball exit form a container .	what do the ball exit form ?	container
13853	A man holds a bowling ball on his hands .	who holds the bowling ball on his hands ?	man
13854	The young man goes to a room of the bowling facility , they he continues playing .	who goes to the room of the bowling facility , they he continues playing ?	man
13855	A child is hitting a ball over a net in a gym .	who is hitting the ball over a net in a gym ?	child
13855	A child is hitting a ball over a net in a gym .	what is the child hitting over a net in a gym ?	ball
13856	A man stands on the other side , lobbing the ball back to him .	who stands on the other side , lobbing the ball back to him ?	man
13859	The person then holds their eye open and putting the lens in followed by looking back to the camera .	what does the person then hold their eye open and putting in followed by looking back to the camera ?	lens
13860	There are several workers packing many rafts in a truck to be hauled away .	who are there packing many rafts in a truck to be hauled away ?	workers
13861	There 's a fast flowing turbulent river flowing under a bridge .	what does there 's flowing under a bridge ?	river
13862	The scenic mountain view shows clouds blowing in the wind .	what shows clouds blowing in the wind ?	view
13864	The rafters begin their adventure in the wild and turbulent river water as they try to stay afloat .	what begin their adventure in the wild and turbulent river water as they try to stay afloat ?	rafters
13865	The river waves are so turbulent that it causes the raft to overturn and drown the rafters in the strong waves .	what are so turbulent that it causes the raft to overturn and drown the rafters in the strong waves ?	waves
13866	The rafters try hard to stay in the raft as they fight the fierce waves of the river to stay afloat .	what try hard to stay in the raft as they fight the fierce waves of the river to stay afloat ?	rafters
13866	The rafters try hard to stay in the raft as they fight the fierce waves of the river to stay afloat .	where do the rafters try hard to stay as they fight the fierce waves of the river to stay afloat . ?	raft
13871	The girl continues swinging around and ends with her jumping off the side and waving to the audience .	who continues swinging around and ends with her jumping off the side and waving to the audience ?	girl
13873	First she puts the sausage on a baking sheet that has aluminum foil on it and she puts it in the oven .	what does first she put on a baking sheet that has aluminum foil on it and she puts it in the oven ?	sausage
13873	First she puts the sausage on a baking sheet that has aluminum foil on it and she puts it in the oven .	that does first she put the sausage on a baking sheet has aluminum foil on it and she puts it where . ?	oven
13874	Next she pours tomatoes into a small blender and she blends them up .	what does next she pour into a small blender and she blends them up ?	tomatoes
13875	Then she pours crushed red peppers and garlic into the skillet and she pours the tomato sauce into it .	what does then she pour and she pours the tomato sauce into it ?	peppers
13875	Then she pours crushed red peppers and garlic into the skillet and she pours the tomato sauce into it .	then she pours crushed red peppers and garlic into the skillet and she pours what into it ?	sauce
13875	Then she pours crushed red peppers and garlic into the skillet and she pours the tomato sauce into it .	what is the color of the peppers ?	red
13878	A man is seen walking into frame and begins bending down in front of a set of weights .	who is seen walking into frame and begins bending down in front of a set of weights ?	man
13879	The man then lifts the weights up and down over his shoulders while the camera watches form behind .	who then lifts the weights up and down over his shoulders while the camera watches form behind ?	man
13880	The man walks in and out of frame walking back towards the weights and another man coming into frame to lift .	who walks in and out of frame walking back towards the weights and another man coming into frame to lift ?	man
13881	A man stirs shoe shine crafting materials into a jar .	who stirs shoe shine crafting materials into a jar ?	man
13884	The man shines the top of a shoe and finishes by fixing the laces of the shoe .	who shines the top of a shoe and finishes by fixing the laces of the shoe ?	man
13886	The various boats continue riding all along the water with the winner jumping in the water and standing proudly on the podium .	what continue riding all along the water with the winner jumping in the water and standing proudly on the podium ?	boats
13887	A man throws a hammer throw in a judged sports performance , outside , on a grass covered field with a group of onlookers on the side lines .	who throws the hammer throw in a judged sports performance , outside , on a grass covered field with a group of onlookers on the side lines ?	man
13888	A man approaches a square , paved , white surface surrounded by black netting .	who approaches the square , paved , white surface surrounded by black netting ?	man
13888	A man approaches a square , paved , white surface surrounded by black netting .	what is the color of the surface ?	white
13888	A man approaches a square , paved , white surface surrounded by black netting .	what is the color of the netting ?	black
13889	The man spins in place to gain momentum and releases/throws the hammer ball .	who spins in place to gain momentum and releases/throws the hammer ball ?	man
13889	The man spins in place to gain momentum and releases/throws the hammer ball .	what does the man releases/throws ?	ball
13890	Two people emerge with a long tape measure to measure the distance the hammer ball was thrown .	how many people emerge with the long tape measure to measure the distance the hammer ball was thrown ?	two
13891	The athlete runs off jumping and smiling and chest bumps another player .	who runs off jumping and smiling and chest bumps another player ?	athlete
13892	A woman stands talking on a yoga mat in a driveway area .	who stands talking on the yoga mat in a driveway area ?	woman
13893	The woman does an aerobic workout stepping back and forth and lifting arms on the mat .	who does an aerobic workout stepping back and forth and lifting arms on the mat ?	woman
13894	The woman jumps back and forth in a doing a more vigorous workout .	who jumps back and forth in a doing a more vigorous workout ?	woman
13895	A little girl is inside a covered porch .	who is inside the covered porch ?	girl
13898	A woman shows off her nails followed by several clips of nails being painted by a brush .	who shows off her nails followed by several clips of nails being painted by a brush ?	woman
13899	The brush makes several lines on the nails and shows celebrities with fashionable nails .	who does the brush show with fashionable nails ?	celebrities
13902	Several products are shown close up as well as a person 's nails being painted and put under heat .	what are shown close up as well as the person 's nails being painted and put under heat ?	products
13904	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
13906	We see a man hop and deflect a ball from the net in slow motion .	who do we see ?	hop
13906	We see a man hop and deflect a ball from the net in slow motion .	what do we deflect from the net in slow motion ?	ball
13907	We see two men collide in slow motion .	how many men do we see collide in slow motion ?	two
13908	The little boy is at the sink brushing the pot .	who is at the sink brushing the pot ?	boy
13908	The little boy is at the sink brushing the pot .	what is the little boy at the sink brushing ?	pot
13909	The boy lift the brush from the pot and brush the sink instead , then he put it in the pot .	who lift the brush from the pot and brush the sink instead , then he put it in the pot ?	boy
13909	The boy lift the brush from the pot and brush the sink instead , then he put it in the pot .	what do the boy brush instead , then he put it in the pot ?	sink
13910	The boy brushes the lid of the pot , and an adult put plates in the pot and the boy took it out and dip the fork .	who brushes the lid of the pot , and an adult put plates in the pot and the boy took it out and dip the fork ?	boy
13910	The boy brushes the lid of the pot , and an adult put plates in the pot and the boy took it out and dip the fork .	who does the boy brush the lid of the pot , and put plates in the pot and the boy took it out and dip the fork ?	adult
13911	A child plays a violin on stage during a solo performance .	who plays the violin on stage during a solo performance ?	child
13912	A man watches with interest from the side of the stage .	who watches with interest from the side of the stage ?	man
13913	The girl pauses briefly then begins playing again .	who briefly then begins playing again ?	pauses
13914	The girl lowers her violin and wand at the end of the performance .	who lowers her violin and wand at the end of the performance ?	girl
13914	The girl lowers her violin and wand at the end of the performance .	what does the girl lower ?	violin
13915	A person wearing safety gear holds a metal rod with a clamp .	the person wearing what holds a metal rod with a clamp ?	gear
13915	A person wearing safety gear holds a metal rod with a clamp .	what is the person wearing safety gear holds with a clamp ?	rod
13917	Smoke comes form the clamp .	what does smoke come form ?	clamp
13919	A brush begins painting blue onto the canvas .	what does the brush begin onto the canvas ?	blue
13921	The ocean is completed in the final scene .	what is completed in the final scene ?	ocean
13922	An old woman is knitting on a bed .	who is knitting on the bed ?	woman
13923	A little girl is sitting on the floor knitting as well .	who is sitting on the floor knitting as well ?	girl
13925	A young man is standing in an open doorway with his hands over his head palms facing towards him on a bar secured at the top of the doorway .	who is standing in an open doorway with his hands over his head palms facing towards him on a bar secured at the top of the doorway ?	man
13926	The young man lifts himself up and places his feet in the gap between the bar and the top of the door frame .	who lifts himself up and places his feet in the gap between the bar and the top of the door frame ?	man
13927	The young man lowers his body , extending himself the full length of the doorway , hands behind his head , elbows out .	who lowers his body , extending himself the full length of the doorway , hands behind his head , elbows out ?	man
13928	The young man does two sit ups .	who does two sit ups ?	man
13928	The young man does two sit ups .	how many sit ups does the young man do ?	two
13929	The camera shows the top of the doorway focusing on the bar and the young man 's feet secured at the top of the doorway .	what shows the top of the doorway focusing on the bar and the young man 's feet secured at the top of the doorway ?	camera
13930	The camera returns to the full view of the young man doing sit ups in the doorway .	what returns to the full view of the young man doing sit ups in the doorway ?	camera
13931	The young man does three more sit ups .	who does three more sit ups ?	man
13932	A man is driving a riding lawn mower .	who is driving the riding lawn mower ?	man
13932	A man is driving a riding lawn mower .	what is the man driving riding ?	mower
13935	A mixologist is talking about how to make alcoholic drinks .	who is talking about how to make alcoholic drinks ?	mixologist
13938	The next drink she makes is vodka seven .	what is vodka seven ?	drink
13938	The next drink she makes is vodka seven .	what is the next drink ?	vodka
13940	A woman jumps onto two bars and does a gymnastics routine .	who jumps onto two bars and does a gymnastics routine ?	woman
13945	A man dressed for cold weather is outside in the snow fumbling with a chain in his hands .	who dressed for cold weather is outside in the snow fumbling with a chain in his hands ?	man
13946	The chain is then placed around a tree stump and the man picks up an ax .	who is the chain then placed around a tree stump and picks up an ax ?	man
13946	The chain is then placed around a tree stump and the man picks up an ax .	what is the chain then placed around a tree stump and the man picks up ?	ax
13947	The man hits the stumps continuously until the stump is broken up into pieces and then he unchains it in the back of his truck .	who hits the stumps continuously until the stump is broken up into pieces and then he unchains it in the back of his truck ?	man
13947	The man hits the stumps continuously until the stump is broken up into pieces and then he unchains it in the back of his truck .	what does the man hit continuously and then he unchains it in the back of his truck ?	stumps
13948	A man is inside a gym while speaking to the camera .	who is inside the gym while speaking to the camera ?	man
13952	A man kicks another man .	who kicks another man ?	man
13952	A man kicks another man .	who does the man kick ?	man
13953	That man swings a bat at him .	who swings the bat at him ?	man
13954	A man is riding a surfboard in the ocean .	who is riding the surfboard in the ocean ?	man
13958	A man is standing on the side of a river taking a picture .	who is standing on the side of a river taking a picture ?	man
13962	The person moves the welding tool behind .	what does the person move welding behind ?	tool
13963	Two small kids sit in a box at the top of slide in an indoor play area .	who sit in the box at the top of slide in an indoor play area ?	kids
13963	Two small kids sit in a box at the top of slide in an indoor play area .	how many small kids sit in the box at the top of slide in an indoor play area ?	two
13964	A little girl joins and plays on the slide .	who joins and plays on the slide ?	girl
13965	The girls leaves and the boys take turns going down the slide .	who leaves and the boys take turns going down the slide ?	girls
13965	The girls leaves and the boys take turns going down the slide .	who does the girls leave and take turns going down the slide ?	boys
13966	The boys connect a slide to the first one and try out the new slide .	who connect the slide to the first one and try out the new slide ?	boys
13966	The boys connect a slide to the first one and try out the new slide .	what do the boys connect to the first one ?	slide
13966	The boys connect a slide to the first one and try out the new slide .	what do the boys try out ?	slide
13967	Two kids run over and away .	who run over and away ?	kids
13967	Two kids run over and away .	how many kids run over and away ?	two
13968	The last boy runs off and we see the slide ladder .	who runs off and we see the slide ladder ?	boy
13968	The last boy runs off and we see the slide ladder .	what does the last boy run off and we see ?	ladder
13969	Two people are kayaking down a rough river .	how many people are kayaking down the rough river ?	two
13970	Now only one person can be seen going by the rocks .	how many person can now be seen going by the rocks ?	one
13972	A young child is seen speaking to the camera and begins climbing across a set of monkey bars .	who is seen speaking to the camera and begins climbing across a set of monkey bars ?	child
13975	We see a title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
13976	We then see the man adjusting the handle bar of the bike .	who do we then see adjusting the handle bar of the bike ?	man
13977	The man demonstrates how the levers sit and adjusts the brake levers .	who demonstrates how the levers sit and adjusts the brake levers ?	man
13978	The man demonstrates the sitting positions and braking and screws them tight .	who demonstrates the sitting positions and braking and screws them tight ?	man
13979	The man then , and adjusts the shifter lever .	what does the man then , and adjust ?	lever
13982	A man comes onto the screen and explain several days ago about getting the smell out of your sink .	who comes onto the screen and explain several days ago about getting the smell out of your sink ?	man
13986	There 's a woman in a gray shirt and black tights and very short hair performing tricks with a small stick in her backyard by the swing .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
13986	There 's a woman in a gray shirt and black tights and very short hair performing tricks with a small stick in her backyard by the swing .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
13988	A man runs down a track outside .	who runs down the track outside ?	man
13993	They mix the eggs around a bowl and place butter and milk into another bowl and mix them all together .	what do they mix around a bowl and place butter ?	eggs
13994	They add several more ingredients to the mixture and show the end result of cookies sitting on a plate .	what do they add to the mixture ?	ingredients
13995	A man is close up to the camera introducing the video .	who is close up to the camera introducing the video ?	man
13996	His wife is cleaning off a piece of white bedframe quickly .	who is cleaning off the piece of white bedframe quickly ?	wife
13996	His wife is cleaning off a piece of white bedframe quickly .	what is the color of the bedframe ?	white
13997	The man again shows his face and goes back to his wife .	who again shows his face and goes back to his wife ?	man
13999	The man continues playing and the video leads out to text above his head .	who continues playing and the video leads out to text above his head ?	man
14000	A woman is seen wearing roller blades and looking back to the camera .	who is seen wearing roller blades and looking back to the camera ?	woman
14004	Then , teen puts the contact lens on the index finger and then puts again it in his right aye .	then , who puts the contact lens on the index finger and then puts again it in his right aye ?	teen
14004	Then , teen puts the contact lens on the index finger and then puts again it in his right aye .	what does then , teen put contact on the index finger ?	lens
14005	After , the teen continues talking .	who does after , continue talking ?	teen
14007	She puts the weights down and another woman is shown lifting a heavy set of weights .	who does she put the weights down and is shown lifting a heavy set of weights ?	woman
14009	A woman talks , then she puts slices of bread on a hot baking pan on the stove .	who , then she puts slices of bread on a hot baking pan on the stove ?	talks
14010	Then , the woman puts cream cheese on the bread and cooks meat .	who does then , put cream cheese on the bread and cooks meat ?	woman
14011	When the meat is done , the woman puts sauerkraut and cheese on top , then cover it and make sandwiches .	who does , put sauerkraut and cheese on top , then cover it and make sandwiches ?	woman
14012	A volleyball instructor is giving information about his volleyball skills in salt lake city .	who is giving information about his volleyball skills in salt lake city ?	instructor
14016	A marching band plays in a stadium while the cheerleaders perform on side .	where does the marching band play while the cheerleaders perform on side . ?	stadium
14018	A cheerleader pass behind the marching band .	who pass behind the marching band ?	cheerleader
14020	Then , the cheerleaders next to the band performs jumping and moving around .	who does then , next to the band perform jumping and moving around ?	cheerleaders
14022	People kick a ball indoor between yellow cones on fake grass .	what is the color of the cones ?	yellow
14024	Players kick a ball that knocks down a yellow cone which they pick up .	what do players kick ?	ball
14024	Players kick a ball that knocks down a yellow cone which they pick up .	what is the color of the cone ?	yellow
14026	The woman takes a lock of hair and puts above the head , then she curls the hair with a curling iron .	who takes the lock of hair and puts above the head , then she curls the hair with a curling iron ?	woman
14029	The camera shows three judges of the event standing and clapping or pointing .	what shows three judges of the event standing and clapping or pointing ?	camera
14029	The camera shows three judges of the event standing and clapping or pointing .	how many judges does the camera show of the event standing and clapping or pointing ?	three
14030	Two women are arm wrestling on a table .	who are arm wrestling on a table ?	women
14030	Two women are arm wrestling on a table .	how many women are arm wrestling on a table ?	two
14037	A gymnast holds a ball attached with a string and then spins holding the ball .	who holds the ball attached with a string and then spins holding the ball ?	gymnast
14037	A gymnast holds a ball attached with a string and then spins holding the ball .	what does the gymnast hold attached with a string ?	ball
14038	Then , the gymnast throw the ball while spinning in the field .	who do then , throw the ball while spinning in the field ?	gymnast
14038	Then , the gymnast throw the ball while spinning in the field .	what do then , the gymnast throw while spinning in the field ?	ball
14039	A man is mowing the lawn .	who is mowing the lawn ?	man
14041	The man continues to mow the lawn .	who continues to mow the lawn ?	man
14042	A female chef in white uniform shows a stack of baking pans in a large kitchen presenting them .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
14043	The pans are filled with pastries and loaded into the oven .	what are filled with pastries and loaded into the oven ?	pans
14044	A knife is used to cut cylinder shaped dough into rounds .	what is used to cut cylinder shaped dough into rounds ?	knife
14048	The woman chef stands behind the stack of tins and picks one up .	who stands behind the stack of tins and picks one up ?	chef
14049	The man in yellow shirt is bouncing the ball on the paddle .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
14050	The player almost hit the ball with the paddle .	what did the player almost hit with the paddle ?	ball
14051	Two player as pushing each other .	how many player as is pushing each other ?	two
14052	A woman is seen speaking in the middle of a large gymnasium and leads into several different gymnasts performing one after the another on uneven bars .	who is seen speaking in the middle of a large gymnasium and leads into several different gymnasts performing one after the another on uneven bars ?	woman
14053	The gymnasts continue to move all around the bars and ends with one girl going over and over and everyone waving in the end .	who continue to move all around the bars and ends with one girl going over and over and everyone waving in the end ?	gymnasts
14054	We see a smiling man with credits running on the screen .	who do we see with credits running on the screen ?	man
14055	We see an instructional screen .	what do we see ?	screen
14056	We see two men playing a game of squash .	how many men do we see playing a game of squash ?	two
14057	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
14058	Two women are seen speaking to the camera and lead into rubbing down furniture as well as showing off polish .	who are seen speaking to the camera and lead into rubbing down furniture as well as showing off polish ?	women
14058	Two women are seen speaking to the camera and lead into rubbing down furniture as well as showing off polish .	how many women are seen speaking to the camera and lead into rubbing down furniture as well as showing off polish ?	two
14059	The women continue speaking as they show off how the polish works as well as the scenery in the area and another woman speaking to the camera .	who continue speaking as they show off how the polish works as well as the scenery in the area and another woman speaking to the camera ?	women
14061	Then , a woman talks with the man , after the man dance in group with other people .	who does then , talk with the man , after the man dance in group with other people ?	woman
14065	The trumpet player walks over and picks up a bell .	what does the trumpet player pick up ?	bell
14067	A man in a green shirt is waving a red towel .	what is the man in a green shirt waving ?	towel
14067	A man in a green shirt is waving a red towel .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
14067	A man in a green shirt is waving a red towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	red
14068	A brown bull knocks a person to the ground .	what knocks the person to the ground ?	bull
14068	A brown bull knocks a person to the ground .	what is the color of the bull ?	brown
14070	A small child is seen wandering around a playground while the camera follows closely behind .	who is seen wandering around the playground while the camera follows closely behind ?	child
14071	The boy plays with several other kids on the playground and is seen climbing around the sides and going down the slide .	who plays with several other kids on the playground and is seen climbing around the sides and going down the slide ?	boy
14072	More clips are shown of the kids playing with one another and laughing to the camera .	what are shown of the kids playing with one another and laughing to the camera ?	clips
14073	A man is seen walking away from the camera and begins an exercise routine while speaking to the camera .	who is seen walking away from the camera and begins an exercise routine while speaking to the camera ?	man
14074	The man moves up and down a bar while swinging his arms around and walks to the camera in the end .	who moves up and down the bar while swinging his arms around and walks to the camera in the end ?	man
14074	The man moves up and down a bar while swinging his arms around and walks to the camera in the end .	what does the man move up and down ?	bar
14075	A gymnast wearing a red and black uniform jumps on the horse bar .	who is wearing a red and black uniform jumps on the horse bar ?	gymnast
14075	A gymnast wearing a red and black uniform jumps on the horse bar .	the gymnast wearing what jumps on the horse bar ?	uniform
14077	The the third time she jumps again on the horse bar and raises her left foot , does a front flip and gets off the bar .	what does the the third time , get off ?	bar
14078	She repeats the same steps again and jumps off the horse bar .	what does she repeat again ?	steps
14078	She repeats the same steps again and jumps off the horse bar .	what does she jump off ?	bar
14079	Two people are seen performing tango moves slowly while text appears on the screen .	how many people are seen performing tango moves slowly while text appears on the screen ?	two
14080	The woman then does the same moves by herself while the man and woman 's silhouette is shown beside them .	who then does the same moves by herself while the man and woman 's silhouette is shown beside them ?	woman
14081	Then the man performs his moves alone and leads into the couple performing again .	then who performs his moves alone and leads into the couple performing again ?	man
14084	The goalie attemps to keep the puck from going into the goal .	who attemps to keep the puck from going into the goal ?	goalie
14086	She then brushes the horse 's mane thoroughly while still looking to the camera and speaking .	what does she then brush mane thoroughly ?	horse
14086	She then brushes the horse 's mane thoroughly while still looking to the camera and speaking .	what does she then brush thoroughly ?	mane
14087	A man talks with a saleswoman who trims a plant in a pot , then the man put away the plant .	who talks with the saleswoman who trims a plant in a pot , then the man put away the plant ?	man
14087	A man talks with a saleswoman who trims a plant in a pot , then the man put away the plant .	who does the man talk with a saleswoman trims a plant in a pot , then who put away the plant ?	man
14087	A man talks with a saleswoman who trims a plant in a pot , then the man put away the plant .	who does the man talk with a saleswoman trims a plant in a pot , then the man put away what ?	plant
14088	After , the man puts a bush on front the saleswoman who trim it while the man points the plant and talks with the woman .	who does after , put the bush on front the saleswoman who trim it while the man points the plant and talks with the woman ?	man
14090	More clips are shown of the person riding back and fourth on the board .	what are shown of the person riding back and fourth on the board ?	clips
14092	A man is surfing on a large wave in the water .	who is surfing on the large wave in the water ?	man
14097	A man talks to the camera as people begin going down a man made white water river on kayaks .	who talks to the camera as people begin going down a man made white water river on kayaks ?	man
14097	A man talks to the camera as people begin going down a man made white water river on kayaks .	what is the color of the river ?	white
14099	A woman falls out , and is pulled back in by another person .	who falls out , and is pulled back in by another person ?	woman
14102	The camera continues to pan around the riders getting ready and finally jumping down and racing along the dirt path .	what continues to pan around the riders getting ready and finally jumping down and racing along the dirt path ?	camera
14103	A person talks in the street , then the person skateboard on the road .	where did the person talks , then the person skateboard on the road . ?	street
14104	Then , the person kicks the skateboard back .	what does then , the person kick back ?	skateboard
14107	woman is standing in a big room holding an epee and aman walks in and holds other epee and start fighting with the woman .	who is standing in the big room holding an epee and aman walks in and holds other epee and start fighting with the woman ?	woman
14107	woman is standing in a big room holding an epee and aman walks in and holds other epee and start fighting with the woman .	where is woman standing holding an epee and aman walks in and holds other epee and start fighting with the woman . ?	room
14108	kids enters in a room and run to the man and woman .	who enters in the room and run to the man and woman ?	kids
14108	kids enters in a room and run to the man and woman .	where does kids enter . ?	room
14109	man gives a black mask to the woman and wear it .	who gives the black mask to the woman and wear it ?	man
14109	man gives a black mask to the woman and wear it .	what does man give to the woman ?	mask
14109	man gives a black mask to the woman and wear it .	what is the color of the mask ?	black
14110	A child in a stable brushing a horse hair .	what is the child in a stable brushing ?	hair
14110	A child in a stable brushing a horse hair .	where is the child brushing a horse hair . ?	stable
14111	the child walks away from the horse while speaking to get a bottle of liquid then returns to brushing the horse hair .	who walks away from the horse while speaking to get a bottle of liquid then returns to brushing the horse hair ?	child
14112	A camera zooms in on a person performing a routine on a large stage spinning a baton into the air .	what zooms in on the person performing a routine on a large stage spinning a baton into the air ?	camera
14114	A young boy is seen standing on top of a slide and edging his way down .	who is seen standing on top of a slide and edging his way down ?	boy
14116	Two people are chilling out on their skateboards .	how many people are chilling out on their skateboards ?	two
14118	A woman is speaking to her class about jump roping .	who is speaking to her class about jump roping ?	woman
14119	She puts the rope under her feet and starts demonstrating a little bit .	what does she put under her feet ?	rope
14122	A man in the tuxedo starts explaining black jack .	what is the color of the jack ?	black
14122	A man in the tuxedo starts explaining black jack .	where does the man start explaining black jack . ?	tuxedo
14123	A dealer deals cards to four players .	who deals cards to four players ?	dealer
14125	The man in the tuxedo continues to explain the rules of blackjack .	where does the man continue to explain the rules of blackjack . ?	tuxedo
14126	two women are standing no a table arm wrestling in the middle of stage .	who are standing no a table arm wrestling in the middle of stage ?	women
14126	two women are standing no a table arm wrestling in the middle of stage .	how many women are standing no a table arm wrestling in the middle of stage ?	two
14127	referee wearing black and white shirt is standing behind the girls .	who is wearing black and white shirt is standing behind the girls ?	referee
14127	referee wearing black and white shirt is standing behind the girls .	referee wearing what is standing behind the girls ?	shirt
14128	two hot women are arm wrestling on a table and referees are standing in front or sitting in the back .	who are arm wrestling on a table and referees are standing in front or sitting in the back ?	women
14128	two hot women are arm wrestling on a table and referees are standing in front or sitting in the back .	who are two hot women arm wrestling on a table and are standing in front or sitting in the back ?	referees
14128	two hot women are arm wrestling on a table and referees are standing in front or sitting in the back .	how many hot women are arm wrestling on a table ?	two
14129	women are in a bar arm wrestling and a lot of people are around them watching them .	who are in the bar arm wrestling and a lot of people are around them watching them ?	women
14130	A woman plays a game of beer pong with a short man dressed as a leprechaun .	who plays the game of beer pong with a short man dressed as a leprechaun ?	woman
14132	The woman scores a shot and celebrates .	who scores the shot and celebrates ?	woman
14133	The two players hug each other and raise the woman 's arm in victory .	how many players hug each other and raise the woman 's arm in victory ?	two
14134	An animated new paper clipping is shown and the video consists of a bunch of letters in black block letters giving the title .	what is the color of the letters ?	black
14136	The young woman then walks over to a male dressed in all black and begins asking him questions about the game .	who then walks over to the male dressed in all black and begins asking him questions about the game ?	woman
14136	The young woman then walks over to a male dressed in all black and begins asking him questions about the game .	what is the color of the male ?	black
14138	After , the man begins teaching her various techniques used in the game and they begin to glide across the floor .	who does after , begin teaching her various techniques used in the game and they begin to glide across the floor ?	man
14139	Once they are finished , the woman comes back to the camera and begins talking about the sport .	, who comes back to the camera and begins talking about the sport ?	woman
14140	A gray dog is walking outdoors , and the owner is young white male who is walking along with the dog outdoors and talking to the camera .	what is walking outdoors , and the owner is young white male who is walking along with the dog outdoors and talking to the camera ?	dog
14140	A gray dog is walking outdoors , and the owner is young white male who is walking along with the dog outdoors and talking to the camera .	who is the gray dog walking outdoors , and is young white male who is walking along with the dog outdoors and talking to the camera ?	owner
14140	A gray dog is walking outdoors , and the owner is young white male who is walking along with the dog outdoors and talking to the camera .	what is the color of the dog ?	gray
14140	A gray dog is walking outdoors , and the owner is young white male who is walking along with the dog outdoors and talking to the camera .	what is the color of the male ?	white
14141	A screen appears that displays two logos in the middel and the text above the logos read `` BEHIND THE SCENES '' and under the logo words read `` PRESENTED BY : GEICO '' .	what appears that displays two logos in the middel and the text above the logos read `` behind the scenes '' and under the logo words read `` presented by : geico '' ?	screen
14141	A screen appears that displays two logos in the middel and the text above the logos read `` BEHIND THE SCENES '' and under the logo words read `` PRESENTED BY : GEICO '' .	how many logos does the screen appear that displays in the middel and the text above the logos read `` behind the scenes '' and under the logo words read `` presented by : geico '' ?	two
14142	A girl is shown talking to the camera and showing various paints .	who is shown talking to the camera and showing various paints ?	girl
14144	She dabs a brush in the paint and begins painting her nails .	where does she dab a brush . ?	paint
14146	A wrestler is walking out and gets into the ring .	who is walking out and gets into the ring ?	wrestler
14148	A man in a red shirt is tattooing the man laying down .	who is the man in a red shirt tattooing laying down ?	man
14148	A man in a red shirt is tattooing the man laying down .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
14149	The wrestler is shown again .	who is shown again ?	wrestler
14150	A woman is seen bending down to take a sip of water and leads into her spinning a hula hoop around herself .	who is seen bending down to take the sip of water and leads into her spinning a hula hoop around herself ?	woman
14151	The woman continues spinning the hula hoop around while grabbing several more and performing tricks in the city center .	who continues spinning the hula hoop around while grabbing several more and performing tricks in the city center ?	woman
14152	A man is seen hanging up a bicycle wheel and speaking to the camera .	who is seen hanging up the bicycle wheel and speaking to the camera ?	man
14155	A dog is seen running around a man in the middle of an open field .	what is seen running around the man in the middle of an open field ?	dog
14156	The man performs tricks with the dog while the dog jumps on his back .	who performs tricks with the dog while the dog jumps on his back ?	man
14159	man is in a room with a digital paper machine and the machine is printing a sign .	who is in the room with a digital paper machine and the machine is printing a sign ?	man
14159	man is in a room with a digital paper machine and the machine is printing a sign .	what is man in a room with a digital paper machine and is printing a sign ?	machine
14160	men are sticking the wallpaper to a white wall .	what is the color of the wall ?	white
14161	A woman is doing a tutorial on how to clean a kitchen sink with baking soda , a toothbrush and cloth rag .	who is doing the tutorial on how to clean a kitchen sink with baking soda , a toothbrush and cloth rag ?	woman
14164	she brushes the toothbrush on the sink edges to clean it .	what did she brush on the sink edges ?	toothbrush
14166	Then she takes some vinegar on the wash cloth and wipes the sink down with it .	what does then she wipe down with it ?	sink
14167	A woman clapping in the sidelines , cheering someone on .	who is clapping in the sidelines , cheering someone on ?	woman
14168	Coaches standing on the other side of the fence watching to rate .	who are standing on the other side of the fence watching to rate ?	coaches
14169	The runner runs down the turf super fast .	who runs down the turf super fast ?	runner
14171	The host greets the video and introduces her recipe .	who greets the video and introduces her recipe ?	host
14172	The ingredients list appears and the host talks about them .	what appears and the host talks about them ?	list
14173	The host begins to make the drink by starting a syrup .	who begins to make the drink by starting a syrup ?	host
14174	Next lemons are sliced on a cutting board .	what are sliced on the cutting board ?	lemons
14175	The many lemons are juiced one by one .	what are juiced one by one ?	lemons
14176	The host fills the container with ice and pours in the liquid ingredients , followed by basil and lemon slices .	who fills the container with ice and pours in the liquid ingredients , followed by basil and lemon slices ?	host
14176	The host fills the container with ice and pours in the liquid ingredients , followed by basil and lemon slices .	what does the host fill with ice ?	container
14177	The host decorates some straws and finishes her drink .	who decorates some straws and finishes her drink ?	host
14178	A large pool is seen followed by a person walking in and falling off a board .	what is seen followed by the person walking in and falling off a board ?	pool
14180	Several more clips are shown of people attempting to dive in the water but failing .	what are shown of people attempting to dive in the water but failing ?	clips
14181	girlwearnig a purple body is in fornt of a balance pole and make a jump to stands on top .	what is the color of the body ?	purple
14182	the girl is doing gymnastics on top of balance beam .	who is doing gymnastics on top of balance beam ?	girl
14183	people in the stands around the court are watching the kid doing gymnastics .	who are people in the stands around the court watching ?	kid
14184	the girl make a big somersault and lands on the floor .	who make the big somersault and lands on the floor ?	girl
14185	A man in a brown suit is talking .	what is the color of the suit ?	brown
14187	A woman comes onto the screen kneeling down holding a stick .	who comes onto the screen kneeling down holding a stick ?	woman
14190	A man is shown washing a dog with a water hose in a backyard with several flowers .	who is shown washing the dog with a water hose in a backyard with several flowers ?	man
14191	The camera pans around the wet dog as the man continues to wash him and he shakes off .	what pans around the wet dog as the man continues to wash him and he shakes off ?	camera
14192	He pours more shampoo on the dog and rubs the shampoo into it 's fur .	what does he pour on the dog ?	shampoo
14192	He pours more shampoo on the dog and rubs the shampoo into it 's fur .	what did he rub into it 's fur ?	shampoo
14194	He measures the slat to put between the door opening .	what does he measure ?	slat
14196	He puts a wooden slat in the door entrance .	where does he put a wooden slat . ?	entrance
14197	He picks the slat up .	what does he pick up ?	slat
14198	He cuts the slat .	what does he cut ?	slat
14199	He lays the slat down again .	what does he lay down again ?	slat
14202	A lady is feeding a baby ice cream in a car .	who is feeding the baby ice cream in a car ?	lady
14202	A lady is feeding a baby ice cream in a car .	where is the lady feeding a baby ice cream . ?	car
14203	The lady hands the ice cream to the lady next to her and feed the baby something else .	who hands the ice cream to the lady next to her and feed the baby something else ?	lady
14204	The baby reaches for the food .	who reaches for the food ?	baby
14205	The baby reaches for the food again .	who reaches for the food again ?	baby
14206	The lady wipes the babies face and stands her up .	who wipes the babies face and stands her up ?	lady
14206	The lady wipes the babies face and stands her up .	who does the lady wipe ?	face
14207	We see the ladies talking .	who do we see talking ?	ladies
14208	There 's a lady doing a tutorial on how to make a cotton soft Ogura cake .	who does there 's doing a tutorial on how to make a cotton soft ogura cake ?	lady
14210	She adds some eggs to the flour along with vanilla essence .	what does she add to the flour along with vanilla essence ?	eggs
14214	Then she pours the mixture in a baking bowl .	where does then she pour the mixture . ?	bowl
14216	She bakes the cake and pulls it out when it 's done .	what does she bake ?	cake
14217	She also shows some other baked goodies that she has prepared .	what does she also show ?	goodies
14218	A woman is seen hosting a news segment that leads into a clip of a dog jumping .	who is seen hosting the news segment that leads into a clip of a dog jumping ?	woman
14220	More clips are shown of people throwing frisbees and dogs following after .	what are shown of people throwing frisbees and dogs following after ?	clips
14222	The women use a pump to bring in water into the basins .	who use the pump to bring in water into the basins ?	women
14223	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding a hula hoop and then proceeds to spin the object around her .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a hula hoop and then proceeds to spin the object around her ?	woman
14225	A man lifts a ball in the air and holds it against his neck and throws the ball far .	who lifts the ball in the air and holds it against his neck and throws the ball far ?	man
14226	The man holds the ball against his neck and twists his back and throws it .	who holds the ball against his neck and twists his back and throws it ?	man
14227	The man grabs the ball and takes a big step behind him and throws the ball .	who grabs the ball and takes a big step behind him and throws the ball ?	man
14227	The man grabs the ball and takes a big step behind him and throws the ball .	what does the man grab ?	ball
14227	The man grabs the ball and takes a big step behind him and throws the ball .	the man takes a big step behind him and throws what ?	ball
14228	The man twists his body a few times as he holds the ball against his neck .	who twists his body a few times as he holds the ball against his neck ?	man
14229	The man does a 90 degree move around as he holds the ball against his neck .	who does the 90 degree move around as he holds the ball against his neck ?	man
14229	The man does a 90 degree move around as he holds the ball against his neck .	how many degree does the man do move around as he holds the ball against his neck ?	90
14230	The man holds the ball against his neck as he does a full 180 degree rotation with his body .	who holds the ball against his neck as he does a full 180 degree rotation with his body ?	man
14230	The man holds the ball against his neck as he does a full 180 degree rotation with his body .	what does the man hold against his neck ?	ball
14230	The man holds the ball against his neck as he does a full 180 degree rotation with his body .	how many degree rotation does the man hold the ball against his neck as he does with his body ?	180
14232	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding several objects out on a table .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding several objects out on a table ?	man
14233	The man then sharpens an object on a board and finishes by brushing off the board .	who then sharpens an object on a board and finishes by brushing off the board ?	man
14234	A man is standing up playing a saxophone .	who is standing up playing the saxophone ?	man
14237	We see the opening screen on gray .	what do we see on gray ?	screen
14238	We then see a man on discs smoothing a concrete floor .	who do we then see on discs smoothing a concrete floor ?	man
14239	The man removes concrete from his trowel .	who removes concrete from his trowel ?	man
14240	The man uses his hand to remove concrete .	who uses his hand to remove concrete ?	man
14242	The boy is opening the box .	who is opening the box ?	boy
14242	The boy is opening the box .	what is the boy opening ?	box
14243	He then removes the bike .	what does he then remove ?	bicycle
14245	He is assembling the bike .	what is he assembling ?	bicycle
14248	A food attendant prepares an ice cream cone from a frozen yogurt dispenser .	who prepares an ice cream cone from a frozen yogurt dispenser ?	attendant
14248	A food attendant prepares an ice cream cone from a frozen yogurt dispenser .	what does the food attendant prepare from a frozen yogurt dispenser ?	cone
14249	The man happily watches his ice cream being prepared .	who happily watches his ice cream being prepared ?	man
14250	The man enjoys is ice cream eating it as fast as he can .	who enjoys is ice cream eating it as fast as he can ?	man
14251	The man rubs his head and is relieved .	who rubs his head and is relieved ?	man
14252	A man is speaking inside a gym .	who is speaking inside the gym ?	man
14254	The man demonstrates how to do sit ups over and over again .	who demonstrates how to do sit ups over and over again ?	man
14259	A bench is shown in a backyard in front of bushes .	what is shown in the backyard in front of bushes ?	bench
14260	A man is using a ladder to trim the hedges .	who is using the ladder to trim the hedges ?	man
14260	A man is using a ladder to trim the hedges .	what is the man using ?	ladder
14261	He moves the bench , and walks around with the ladder , continuing to trim hedges .	what does he move ?	bench
14262	A man is seen hopping over bars as well as throwing an object in different locations .	who is seen hopping over bars as well as throwing an object in different locations ?	man
14265	A girl walks up to a slide , sits down , then goes down the slide .	who walks up to the slide , sits down , then goes down the slide ?	girl
14267	A small horse is outside in a field being held by a rope that is attached to a belt wrapped around the horse 's neck .	what is outside in the field being held by a rope that is attached to a belt wrapped around the horse 's neck ?	horse
14268	However , the horse does n't seem to please and begins moving his lip trying to avoid the treatment .	however , what does n't seem to please and begins moving his lip trying to avoid the treatment ?	horse
14269	A boy demonstrates how to ride a skateboard in the street through example .	who demonstrates how to ride the skateboard in the street through example ?	boy
14269	A boy demonstrates how to ride a skateboard in the street through example .	where does the boy demonstrate how to ride a skateboard through example . ?	street
14270	A boy stands , outdoors , holding a skateboard in his arms and then puts the board down and begins to step on it .	who stands , outdoors , holding the skateboard in his arms and then puts the board down and begins to step on it ?	boy
14271	The boy then stands on the board rocking back and forth on it .	who then stands on the board rocking back and forth on it ?	boy
14272	The boy then exhibits upper body twists while standing on the skateboard and eventually pushes off and rides into the street on the skateboard .	who then exhibits upper body twists while standing on the skateboard and eventually pushes off and rides into the street on the skateboard ?	boy
14273	The boy then returns to the curbside and puts one foot on the board and the other on the ground as he stands still .	who then returns to the curbside and puts one foot on the board and the other on the ground as he stands still ?	boy
14273	The boy then returns to the curbside and puts one foot on the board and the other on the ground as he stands still .	how many foot does the boy then put on the board and the other on the ground ?	one
14276	The person puts the glove on a dog with it 's claw sticking through the hole .	what does the person put on a dog with it 's claw sticking through the hole ?	glove
14277	A person shows a clipping tool .	what does the person show ?	tool
14278	The person then sands the dogs claw with an electric sander .	what did the person then sand with an electric sander ?	claw
14279	Two young boys are at a sink .	who are at the sink ?	boys
14279	Two young boys are at a sink .	how many young boys are at the sink ?	two
14281	He is washing the dishes .	what is he washing ?	dishes
14282	The other boy helps him clean .	who helps him clean ?	boy
14283	Cheerleaders stand in a gym in the group .	who stand in the gym in the group ?	cheerleaders
14284	the girls then perform a routine .	who then perform the routine ?	girls
14285	The girls break into three groups and the two on the sides kneel while the middle group squats .	who break into three groups and the two on the sides kneel while the middle group squats ?	girls
14287	A man is kneeling inside a gym .	who is kneeling inside the gym ?	man
14291	She picks up a clear box and opens it .	what does she pick up ?	box
14292	She closes the box and puts it away .	what does she close ?	box
14294	She then picks up a small red bag .	what does she then pick up ?	bag
14294	She then picks up a small red bag .	what is the color of the bag ?	red
14297	A person vacuums the carpet .	what does the person vacuum ?	carpet
14298	A person wets and vacuums the carpet .	what does the person wet and vacuums ?	carpet
14301	A person empties the contents of the vacuum in a white sink .	what is the color of the sink ?	white
14305	A robot is sitting behind a piano in a room .	what is sitting behind the piano in a room ?	robot
14306	Its hands are lighting up no the piano keys .	what are its hands lighting up no ?	keys
14310	A girl is playing hopscotch on a back porch .	who is playing hopscotch on a back porch ?	girl
14314	The man then rubs down a shoe with a rag and presents more items to the camera as it pans around .	who then rubs down the shoe with a rag and presents more items to the camera as it pans around ?	man
14318	A person pushing a stroller is behind them .	the person pushing who is behind them ?	stroller
14319	The boy turns away from the camera .	who turns away from the camera ?	boy
14320	A woman is under water and she gracefully come up from underneath .	who is under water and she gracefully come up from underneath ?	woman
14324	A white screen appears with a black brand name that say 's `` THE SHINGLE HOG '' and it has a picture of a hog in the o of the word HOG .	what appears with the black brand name that say 's `` the shingle hog '' and it has a picture of a hog in the o of the word hog ?	screen
14324	A white screen appears with a black brand name that say 's `` THE SHINGLE HOG '' and it has a picture of a hog in the o of the word HOG .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
14324	A white screen appears with a black brand name that say 's `` THE SHINGLE HOG '' and it has a picture of a hog in the o of the word HOG .	what is the color of the name ?	black
14325	The tool is now shown on its own and the brand and logo is displayed on the screen to the upper right .	what is now shown on its own and the brand and logo is displayed on the screen to the upper right ?	tool
14326	Now there are clips of people on the roof using the tool to remove shingles and once again the man appears talking in between clips .	who are now there clips of people on the roof using the tool to remove shingles and once again appears talking in between clips ?	man
14327	A black screen appears and it has a list with a lot of white words on it and the title is `` Shingle Hog Savings '' .	what appears and it has a list with a lot of white words on it and the title is `` shingle hog savings '' ?	screen
14327	A black screen appears and it has a list with a lot of white words on it and the title is `` Shingle Hog Savings '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
14327	A black screen appears and it has a list with a lot of white words on it and the title is `` Shingle Hog Savings '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
14328	The man talking and the clips of the man using the shingle machine play until a white outro screen appears that include the brand name , logo , product info and website .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
14329	Four men in sports uniforms are shown along with information about AIB .	how many men in sports uniforms are shown along with information about aib ?	four
14333	Finally , the fourth man introduces himself .	who does finally , introduce himself ?	man
14334	The first man is then shown practicing by trying to hit targets on the wall .	who is then shown practicing by trying to hit targets on the wall ?	man
14335	The second man to introduce himself takes a turn trying to hit the targets on the wall .	who takes the turn trying to hit the targets on the wall ?	man
14336	The man wearing white shorts then tries the practice wall out .	who is wearing white shorts then tries the practice wall out ?	man
14336	The man wearing white shorts then tries the practice wall out .	the man wearing what then tries the practice wall out ?	shorts
14336	The man wearing white shorts then tries the practice wall out .	what is the man wearing white shorts then tries practice out ?	wall
14336	The man wearing white shorts then tries the practice wall out .	what is the color of the shorts ?	white
14337	And finally the man with red hair gives it a try .	what is the color of the hair ?	red
14339	The last man to practice with red hair talks .	what is the color of the talks ?	red
14343	Finally a man is seen packing up a fish in a shop .	who is finally seen packing up the fish in a shop ?	man
14343	Finally a man is seen packing up a fish in a shop .	where is finally the man seen packing up a fish . ?	shop
14344	kid is holding a blower and is blowing leaves from the street .	who is holding the blower and is blowing leaves from the street ?	kid
14344	kid is holding a blower and is blowing leaves from the street .	what is kid holding ?	blower
14344	kid is holding a blower and is blowing leaves from the street .	what is kid blowing from the street ?	leaves
14345	the kid walks in a sidewalk and cleans the dry leaves with the blower and a man help him .	who walks in the sidewalk and cleans the dry leaves with the blower and a man help him ?	kid
14345	the kid walks in a sidewalk and cleans the dry leaves with the blower and a man help him .	what does the kid clean with the blower and a man ?	leaves
14345	the kid walks in a sidewalk and cleans the dry leaves with the blower and a man help him .	where does the kid walk . ?	sidewalk
14346	old man is holding a rake raking the dry leaves .	who is holding the rake raking the dry leaves ?	man
14346	old man is holding a rake raking the dry leaves .	who is old man holding ?	rake
14347	a little boy is in a messy living room .	who is in the messy living room ?	boy
14347	a little boy is in a messy living room .	where is the little boy . ?	room
14348	He is using an electric toothbrush .	what is he using ?	toothbrush
14350	A man in a light blue shirt breaks the pool balls to start the game .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
14353	He finally hits the black ball in and ends the game .	he finally hits what in ?	ball
14353	He finally hits the black ball in and ends the game .	what is the color of the ball ?	black
14354	A woman jumps into a pool .	who jumps into the pool ?	woman
14355	A woman is holding a large camera laughing .	who is holding the large camera laughing ?	woman
14355	A woman is holding a large camera laughing .	what is the woman holding ?	laughing
14356	Several more women dive off diving boards into the water .	who dive off diving boards into the water ?	women
14356	Several more women dive off diving boards into the water .	what does several more women dive off into the water ?	boards
14357	A chef speaks to the camera .	who speaks to the camera ?	chef
14360	We see the starting title card .	what do we see ?	card
14364	The girl stretches by bending to the ground , and sits on the ground stretching .	who stretches by bending to the ground , and sits on the ground stretching ?	girl
14365	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
14367	Then she takes a neon green colored hula hoop and spins it around her body .	what is the color of the hoop ?	green
14373	A man is welding a circular metal piece .	who is welding the circular metal piece ?	man
14373	A man is welding a circular metal piece .	what is the man welding ?	piece
14374	A green light appears out of no where .	what is the color of the light ?	green
14375	The man continues welding the circular metal piece .	who continues welding the circular metal piece ?	man
14376	A black and white dog is at a dog park and the owner is bending down and moving in front of the dog as it watches him .	what is at the dog park and the owner is bending down and moving in front of the dog as it watches him ?	dog
14376	A black and white dog is at a dog park and the owner is bending down and moving in front of the dog as it watches him .	who is the black and white dog at a dog park and is bending down and moving in front of the dog as it watches him ?	owner
14377	The owner then walks more into the grass holding onto frisbees and is not only joined by the black and white dog but another dog that is brown and white .	who then walks more into the grass holding onto frisbees and is not only joined by the black and white dog but another dog that is brown and white ?	owner
14379	They are playing polo on horses .	who are they playing on horses ?	polo
14380	A person standing on the sidelines waves a white flag .	what does the person standing on the sidelines wave ?	flag
14380	A person standing on the sidelines waves a white flag .	what is the color of the flag ?	white
14381	Two girls walk up to a pool , ready to dive .	who walk up to the pool , ready to dive ?	girls
14381	Two girls walk up to a pool , ready to dive .	how many girls walk up to the pool , ready to dive ?	two
14383	A welding tool is applied to a surface .	what is welding applied to a surface ?	tool
14384	A guy that is holding a welding tool is wearing a helmet .	who is wearing a helmet ?	guy
14384	A guy that is holding a welding tool is wearing a helmet .	what is the guy wearing ?	helmet
14385	Two gloved hands are using a welding gun and stick on an object .	what are two gloved hands using welding ?	gun
14385	Two gloved hands are using a welding gun and stick on an object .	how many gloved hands are using the welding gun and stick on an object ?	two
14386	A man is dressed in dark medieval armor .	who is dressed in dark medieval armor ?	man
14386	A man is dressed in dark medieval armor .	where is the man dressed . ?	armor
14389	The winner now jousts against a man carrying a blue diamond shaped shield .	who now jousts against the man carrying a blue diamond shaped shield ?	winner
14389	The winner now jousts against a man carrying a blue diamond shaped shield .	what is the color of the diamond ?	blue
14392	Several clips begin playing of volleyball fields with spectators .	what begin playing of volleyball fields with spectators ?	clips
14393	The first clip shows the players celebrating .	what shows the players celebrating ?	clip
14398	Then , above from the dive board two swimmers are standing by and one of them dives in .	who are then , above from the dive board standing by and one of them dives in ?	swimmers
14398	Then , above from the dive board two swimmers are standing by and one of them dives in .	how many swimmers are above from the dive board standing by ?	two
14401	Two wrestling women are fighting in a ring .	who are wrestling fighting in a ring ?	women
14401	Two wrestling women are fighting in a ring .	how many wrestling women are fighting in the ring ?	two
14402	They do a suplex , and the referee counts to three as the dark haired woman wins .	who do they do a suplex , and counts to three as the dark haired woman wins ?	referee
14404	We see a man talking and shots of skateboards as people assemble in a room .	who do we see talking and shots of skateboards as people assemble in a room ?	man
14404	We see a man talking and shots of skateboards as people assemble in a room .	where do we see a man talking and shots of skateboards as people assemble . ?	room
14407	We see a skater named Shaun Gregoirie .	who do we see named shaun gregoirie ?	skater
14408	A lady holds up a USA Flag and talks .	who holds up the usa flag and talks ?	lady
14411	A man jumps stairs and falls .	who jumps stairs and falls ?	man
14411	A man jumps stairs and falls .	what does the man jump ?	stairs
14414	A woman puts two glasses on the counter .	who puts two glasses on the counter ?	woman
14414	A woman puts two glasses on the counter .	how many glasses does the woman put on the counter ?	two
14415	The woman puts beer and orange juice in a big glass , then she pours liquor in the small glass .	who puts beer and orange juice in a big glass , then she pours liquor in the small glass ?	woman
14416	After , the woman puts the small glass inside the big glass .	who does after , put the small glass inside the big glass ?	woman
14419	The man continues surfing and paddles himself towards a boat .	who continues surfing and paddles himself towards a boat ?	man
14420	A man in a red shirt drives an orange tractor around the lawn .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
14420	A man in a red shirt drives an orange tractor around the lawn .	what is the color of the tractor ?	orange
14421	A dog runs around the yard .	what runs around the yard ?	dog
14422	A woman drives the orange tractor .	who drives the orange tractor ?	woman
14422	A woman drives the orange tractor .	what does the woman drive ?	tractor
14422	A woman drives the orange tractor .	what is the color of the tractor ?	orange
14423	Two women are seen walking on stage and lead into them performing a belly dancing routine .	who are seen walking on stage and lead into them performing a belly dancing routine ?	women
14423	Two women are seen walking on stage and lead into them performing a belly dancing routine .	how many women are seen walking on stage and lead into them performing a belly dancing routine ?	two
14424	The women dance all around the stage while lights flash around them .	who dance all around the stage while lights flash around them ?	women
14425	The women continue to dance around one another and end by laughing with one another .	who continue to dance around one another and end by laughing with one another ?	women
14426	A news woman is talking to a camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	woman
14429	A man is bull fighting = , he has a pink sheet and is running away backwards from the bull that is coming toward him .	who is bull fighting = , he has a pink sheet and is running away backwards from the bull that is coming toward him ?	man
14429	A man is bull fighting = , he has a pink sheet and is running away backwards from the bull that is coming toward him .	what is the man fighting = , he has a pink sheet and is running away backwards from the bull that is coming toward him ?	bull
14430	There are three men now and one of them gets completely trampled by the bull .	how many men are there now ?	three
14433	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while a small fooseball table sits before her .	who is seen speaking to the camera while a small fooseball table sits before her ?	woman
14434	The woman continues speaking as she spins around the game occasionally and leads into her playing with another girl .	who continues speaking as she spins around the game occasionally and leads into her playing with another girl ?	woman
14435	A man is wearing sunglasses inside a building .	who is wearing sunglasses inside a building ?	man
14438	A boy is balanced on the end of a diving board .	who is balanced on the end of a diving board ?	boy
14441	A man uses a course brush and hand towel to prepare the ski to be worked on while it sits on a rack .	who uses the course brush and hand towel to prepare the ski to be worked on while it sits on a rack ?	man
14442	The man melts a wax bar across the ski surface with an iron then uses it to blend in the wax .	who melts the wax bar across the ski surface with an iron then uses it to blend in the wax ?	man
14443	A man sharpens a flat edge then scrapes the outer layer of wax from the skis surface .	who sharpens the flat edge then scrapes the outer layer of wax from the skis surface ?	man
14444	The man uses a course brush then a towel to finish preparing the skis surface .	who uses the course brush then a towel to finish preparing the skis surface ?	man
14445	A plate of creamy cabonara is shown and the ingredients appear in small clear dishes .	what is the plate of creamy cabonara shown and appear in small clear dishes ?	ingredients
14446	Salt is then added to a pan and the spaghetti begins to boil .	what is salt then added to a pan and begins to boil ?	spaghetti
14447	A bit of oil is then placed in a skillet and Canadian bacon and onions are being fried .	what is the bit of oil then placed in a skillet and canadian bacon and are being fried ?	onions
14448	Next , more ingredients are added with pasta and egg yolks .	what are next , added with pasta and egg yolks ?	ingredients
14449	Finally , the sauce is done and all of the ingredients are compiled and cheese is added to the dish as it is positioned on the plate .	what is finally , done and all of the ingredients are compiled and cheese is added to the dish as it is positioned on the plate ?	sauce
14450	After , more entrees are shown and the screen ends on the url of Ulampinoy 's website .	what are after , shown and the screen ends on the url of ulampinoy 's website ?	entrees
14450	After , more entrees are shown and the screen ends on the url of Ulampinoy 's website .	what are after , more entrees shown and ends on the url of ulampinoy 's website ?	screen
14451	A blue screen appears and text on the screen appears and say 's `` Bowling Fails FailCorporation '' .	what appears and text on the screen appears and say 's `` bowling fails failcorporation '' ?	screen
14451	A blue screen appears and text on the screen appears and say 's `` Bowling Fails FailCorporation '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
14453	A blue screen appears with logos , and text that say `` FailCorporation Subscribe Next video '' appear .	what appears with logos , and text that say `` failcorporation subscribe next video '' appear ?	screen
14453	A blue screen appears with logos , and text that say `` FailCorporation Subscribe Next video '' appear .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
14455	The boys then all jump into the pool together at once with some looking at the camera .	who then all jump into the pool together at once with some looking at the camera ?	boys
14456	A man is seen speaking to the camera while the camera pans out to a card table and the man dealing cards .	who is seen speaking to the camera while the camera pans out to a card table and the man dealing cards ?	man
14457	The man lays out several cards while flipping over more and pointing to objects laid out on the table .	who lays out several cards while flipping over more and pointing to objects laid out on the table ?	man
14458	A TV presenter and an actress are putting googles to play rock , paper and scissors pie on front a pie with white cream .	what is the color of the cream ?	white
14459	After playing a while , the woman turn a handle that raise the pie that lands on the face of the actress .	who is after playing the while , turn a handle that raise the pie that lands on the face of the actress ?	woman
14459	After playing a while , the woman turn a handle that raise the pie that lands on the face of the actress .	what is after playing the while , the woman turn ?	handle
14460	Then , the pie lands for the second time on the face of the actress , as well on the face of the TV presenter .	what did then , land for the second time on the face of the actress , as well on the face of the tv presenter ?	pie
14461	The TV presenter stands holding ducks on both hands , then he pretends eats the duck on the right hand .	who stands holding ducks on both hands , then he pretends eats the duck on the right hand ?	presenter
14462	A young boy is seen opening up presents with another 's help and various shots of him playing a drum he received .	who is seen opening up presents with another 's help and various shots of him playing a drum he received ?	boy
14463	The mother is interviewed and shows more shots of the boy playing several different instruments .	who is interviewed and shows more shots of the boy playing several different instruments ?	mother
14464	It finally shows the boy grown up and ends with information for a movie trailer .	who does it finally show grown up ?	boy
14465	man is standing in a trampoline and make a vig somersault into the pool .	who is standing in the trampoline and make a vig somersault into the pool ?	man
14465	man is standing in a trampoline and make a vig somersault into the pool .	where is man standing . ?	trampoline
14466	two men are sitting in the first floor of the trampoline watching the jump .	how many men are sitting in the first floor of the trampoline watching the jump ?	two
14467	man get outs the pool , grab a towel and dry his face .	what do man grab ?	towel
14469	A man is sitting inside a room .	who is sitting inside the room ?	man
14473	A gate opens and a horseriding man chases a cow .	what opens and the horseriding man chases a cow ?	gate
14473	A gate opens and a horseriding man chases a cow .	who does the gate open and chases a cow ?	man
14473	A gate opens and a horseriding man chases a cow .	what does the gate open and a horseriding man chases ?	cow
14474	The man lassos and secures the cow .	who lassos and secures the cow ?	man
14474	The man lassos and secures the cow .	what does the man lasso and secures ?	cow
14478	A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as more clips of people riding on the water .	who is seen speaking to the camera as well as more clips of people riding on the water ?	man
14480	A woman wearing a bra is standing in a room .	who is wearing a bra is standing in a room ?	woman
14480	A woman wearing a bra is standing in a room .	the woman wearing what is standing in a room ?	bra
14480	A woman wearing a bra is standing in a room .	where is the woman wearing a bra is standing . ?	room
14484	The lady cracks her knuckles and then bends down and tries to lift the weights .	who cracks her knuckles and then bends down and tries to lift the weights ?	lady
14484	The lady cracks her knuckles and then bends down and tries to lift the weights .	what does the lady crack ?	knuckles
14485	Too much weight is on the bar and the girls ends up twisting her arm in a circle , drops the bar and cries out in agony .	who is too much weight on the bar and ends up twisting her arm in a circle , drops the bar and cries out in agony ?	girls
14485	Too much weight is on the bar and the girls ends up twisting her arm in a circle , drops the bar and cries out in agony .	what is too much weight on the bar and the girls ends up , drops and cries out in agony ?	bar
14486	Another girl then walks up and lifts the bar half way , realizes shes incapable and drops it .	who then walks up and lifts the bar half way , realizes shes incapable and drops it ?	girl
14486	Another girl then walks up and lifts the bar half way , realizes shes incapable and drops it .	what does another girl then lift ?	way
14488	A screen of scores are then shown and a different girl attempts the weight .	who are the screen of scores then shown and attempts the weight ?	girl
14489	The second young lady comes back and does the same thing as well as the female who came after her .	who comes back and does the same thing as well as the female who came after her ?	lady
14490	The girl comes back but realizes the weight is too heavy and gives up lifting it .	who comes back but realizes the weight is too heavy and gives up lifting it ?	girl
14492	A bull charges a man and knocks him around until people come out and distract him .	what charges the man and knocks him around until people come out and distract him ?	bull
14492	A bull charges a man and knocks him around until people come out and distract him .	who does the bull charge ?	man
14496	Once again the bull charges the man and knocks him down .	once again what charges the man and knocks him down ?	bull
14496	Once again the bull charges the man and knocks him down .	who does once again the bull charge ?	man
14497	People come out and distract the bull .	what do people distract ?	bull
14499	An older man is seen sitting on a log in a public space in front of a piano .	who is seen sitting on the log in a public space in front of a piano ?	man
14500	The man then plays the piano while the camera captures him playing .	who then plays the piano while the camera captures him playing ?	man
14500	The man then plays the piano while the camera captures him playing .	what does the man then play ?	piano
14501	The man sings to the camera while continuing to play and the camera moving around his movements .	who sings to the camera while continuing to play and the camera moving around his movements ?	man
14504	An athletic man is seen standing with his arms a up and begins performing a gymnastics routine .	who is seen standing with his arms a up and begins performing a gymnastics routine ?	man
14506	A young boy is talking to the camera in his bedroom .	who is talking to the camera in his bedroom ?	boy
14508	He applies messy makeup and poses for the camera .	what does he apply ?	makeup
14509	A camera pans all around a beach showing water crashing on the waves .	what pans all around a beach showing water crashing on the waves ?	camera
14515	A young man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him throwing darts onto a board .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him throwing darts onto a board ?	man
14517	Mj 's mommy is playing around with her hair smoothing it out .	who is playing around with her hair smoothing it out ?	mommy
14521	A man is seen talking to the camera while holding a tennis racket and begins demonstrating how to hit the ball .	who is seen talking to the camera while holding a tennis racket and begins demonstrating how to hit the ball ?	man
14522	The man continues to speak and hit the ball while moving around the gym and gesturing to the camera .	who continues to speak and hit the ball while moving around the gym and gesturing to the camera ?	man
14523	A man points to and picks up a pressurized spray can to display it .	who points to and picks up the pressurized spray can to display it ?	man
14524	The man then picks up a roll of paper towels .	who then picks up the roll of paper towels ?	man
14525	The man shakes the pressurized spray can .	who shakes the pressurized spray can ?	man
14526	The man sprays the window where the stain is and wipes the area with a paper towel .	who sprays the window where the stain is and wipes the area with a paper towel ?	man
14526	The man sprays the window where the stain is and wipes the area with a paper towel .	what does the man spray ?	window
14528	A man is seen blowing a kiss as well as taking off his jacket and interacting with another man .	who is seen blowing the kiss as well as taking off his jacket and interacting with another man ?	man
14529	The man prepares his arm as the other grabs his hand and he pretends to kick his head .	who prepares his arm as the other grabs his hand and he pretends to kick his head ?	man
14530	More people step up to arm wrestle this man while food is being shown and the loser gets food all over him .	who do more people step up and gets food all over him ?	loser
14531	Two people are seen kneeling before a plant sitting on the ground and speaking to one another .	how many people are seen kneeling before the plant sitting on the ground and speaking to one another ?	two
14534	A man and woman enter the room , grabbing cues .	what do the man and woman enter , ?	room
14539	Finally adding the pasta to it , along with some cheese and parsley flakes and mixing it all together .	finally adding what to it , along with some cheese and parsley flakes ?	pasta
14540	A man stands next to a young girl dressed in a gymnastic outfit in a gym and talks to the camera .	who stands next to the young girl dressed in a gymnastic outfit in a gym and talks to the camera ?	man
14541	The man then closes standing next to the girl again and talking into the camera .	who then closes standing next to the girl again and talking into the camera ?	man
14543	A woman stands on front a swimming pool talking , then a slide show of pictures and a man talking in an event is shown .	who stands on front a swimming pool talking , then a slide show of pictures and a man talking in an event is shown ?	woman
14545	After , people play polo in a field riding horse an throwing a ball with a pole , also the woman and the man talks .	who do after , people play in a field riding horse an throwing a ball with a pole , also the woman and the man talks ?	polo
14548	A man is holding a wine glass and talking .	who is holding the wine glass and talking ?	man
14548	A man is holding a wine glass and talking .	what is the man holding and talking ?	glass
14550	He shows bottles that are sitting on a counter .	what does he show ?	bottles
14552	He adds seasonings to the pan .	what does he add to the pan ?	seasonings
14553	He stirs a pot that is on the stove .	what does he stir ?	pot
14555	He begins to stir the pasta that is in the pan .	does he begin to stir the pasta is where . ?	pan
14560	Some fall off their bikes .	what do some fall off ?	bicycles
14562	A man is seen riding on a long river with another person riding behind .	who is seen riding on the long river with another person riding behind ?	man
14563	The camera transitions into several people riding in tubes and pushing themselves down a river .	what transitions into several people riding in tubes and pushing themselves down a river ?	camera
14564	A girl is seen laying down on a table while a man wearing gloves holds scissors to her belly button .	who is seen laying down on the table while a man wearing gloves holds scissors to her belly button ?	girl
14565	He then pierces the girl 's stomach and she sits up and walks away in the end smiling .	who does he then pierce stomach and she sits up and walks away in the end smiling ?	girl
14566	A black screen appears and the white words on it read `` Rob Lane is the MillionaireMaintenance Man '' .	what appears and the white words on it read `` rob lane is the millionairemaintenance man '' ?	screen
14566	A black screen appears and the white words on it read `` Rob Lane is the MillionaireMaintenance Man '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
14566	A black screen appears and the white words on it read `` Rob Lane is the MillionaireMaintenance Man '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
14567	A man wearing glasses appears outdoors in front of a fence and he 's holding an air brush machine and talking .	who is wearing glasses appears outdoors in front of a fence and he 's holding an air brush machine and talking ?	man
14567	A man wearing glasses appears outdoors in front of a fence and he 's holding an air brush machine and talking .	the man wearing what appears outdoors in front of a fence and he 's holding an air brush machine and talking ?	glasses
14567	A man wearing glasses appears outdoors in front of a fence and he 's holding an air brush machine and talking .	what is the man wearing glasses appears outdoors in front of a fence and he 's holding and talking ?	machine
14568	The man then turns around and walks to the fence and begins airbrushing onto it .	who then turns around and walks to the fence and begins airbrushing onto it ?	man
14569	The man stops airbrushing and starts talking again while hand motioning to the fence and to this airbrush machine .	who stops airbrushing and starts talking again while hand motioning to the fence and to this airbrush machine ?	man
14571	Two people in a room dance slowly to the back .	how many people in a room dance slowly to the back ?	two
14572	A title screen loads and we see the man dance alone .	who do the title screen loads and we see alone ?	dance
14573	We see a title and the lady in the green room dancing alone .	what is the color of the room ?	green
14574	A title loads and we see the man 's feet as he dances .	who do the title loads and we see feet ?	man
14576	A man is seen speaking to the camera while brushing his hair and looking around a bathroom .	who is seen speaking to the camera while brushing his hair and looking around a bathroom ?	man
14577	The man continues brushing his hair and begins playing with his facial hair .	who continues brushing his hair and begins playing with his facial hair ?	man
14578	The man points the camera around his head showing off his hair and smiling to the camera .	who points the camera around his head showing off his hair and smiling to the camera ?	man
14578	The man points the camera around his head showing off his hair and smiling to the camera .	what does the man point around his head showing off his hair and smiling to the camera ?	camera
14580	They hit the ball back and forth for a while .	what did they hit back and forth for a while ?	ball
14581	Other men in the room occasionally look up .	where do other men occasionally look up . ?	room
14584	A man talks in front of the camera and we see the crowd .	who talks in front of the camera and we see the crowd ?	man
14586	The man talks again and we see the game again .	who talks again and we see the game again ?	man
14587	The man talks one more time and we return to the game .	who talks one more time and we return to the game ?	man
14587	The man talks one more time and we return to the game .	how many more time does the man talk ?	one
14588	We see the newscaster in the studio again .	where do we see the newscaster again . ?	studio
14590	The man grabs the darts off the board and walks away .	who grabs the darts off the board and walks away ?	man
14591	Another man shoots , grabs his darts and goes .	who shoots , grabs his darts and goes ?	man
14592	A third guy shoots darts and goes .	who shoots darts and goes ?	guy
14593	The fourth guy shoots and goes .	who shoots and goes ?	guy
14594	the first guy returns for another chance .	who returns for another chance ?	guy
14597	The fourth guy takes his turn .	who takes his turn ?	guy
14599	A gymnast prepares to mount a beam .	who prepares to mount the beam ?	gymnast
14603	We see a man in a blue shirt bowling talking in a bowling alley .	what is the color of the bowling ?	blue
14604	The man picks purple ball from the dispenser and talks to the camera .	who picks purple ball from the dispenser and talks to the camera ?	man
14604	The man picks purple ball from the dispenser and talks to the camera .	what does the man pick from the dispenser and talks to the camera ?	ball
14604	The man picks purple ball from the dispenser and talks to the camera .	what is the color of the ball ?	purple
14605	The man holds the ball out then we see him putting his fingers in the ball and talks to the camera .	who holds the ball out then we see him putting his fingers in the ball and talks to the camera ?	man
14605	The man holds the ball out then we see him putting his fingers in the ball and talks to the camera .	what does the man hold out then we see him putting his fingers in the ball and talks to the camera ?	ball
14606	The man puts the ball down and grabs another , then another and talks .	who puts the ball down and grabs another , then another and talks ?	man
14606	The man puts the ball down and grabs another , then another and talks .	what does the man put down ?	ball
14608	A man serves a tennis ball with his racket .	who serves the tennis ball with his racket ?	man
14608	A man serves a tennis ball with his racket .	what does the man serve with his racket ?	ball
14610	little girl is doing gymnastics in the middle of the court holding batons .	who is doing gymnastics in the middle of the court holding batons ?	girl
14612	woman wearing sport clothing is climbing stairs and talking to the camera .	who is wearing sport clothing is climbing stairs and talking to the camera ?	woman
14612	woman wearing sport clothing is climbing stairs and talking to the camera .	woman wearing sport what is climbing stairs and talking to the camera ?	clothing
14612	woman wearing sport clothing is climbing stairs and talking to the camera .	what is woman wearing sport clothing is climbing and talking to the camera ?	stairs
14613	woman is in gym talking on the camera and with other man while a woman is making exercise in an orbitrek .	who is in gym talking on the camera and with other man while a woman is making exercise in an orbitrek ?	woman
14619	He brings the knife to a sharpener and begins slowly to demonstrate .	what does he bring to a sharpener ?	knife
14624	Finally the person grabs the fish and presents it to the camera .	what does finally the person grab ?	fish
14626	They go in the house and gather supplies for shaving , which are listed on the screen .	where do they go . ?	house
14627	The woman lathers the man up , Then shaves his beard and mustache using a beaver boar brush and razor .	who lathers the man up , then shaves his beard and mustache using a beaver boar brush and razor ?	woman
14627	The woman lathers the man up , Then shaves his beard and mustache using a beaver boar brush and razor .	who does the woman lather up ?	man
14633	He then takes two syrup like liquor and pour them in the cup .	how many syrup does he then take like liquor ?	two
14633	He then takes two syrup like liquor and pour them in the cup .	where do he then pour them . ?	cup
14635	Finally , the drink is complete and he pours it into another glass and adds a straw for it to be served .	what is finally , complete and he pours it into another glass and adds a straw for it to be served ?	drink
14636	A young man is seen standing in front of the camera playing a set of bagpipes .	who is seen standing in front of the camera playing a set of bagpipes ?	man
14643	A boy is playing hopscotch .	who is playing hopscotch ?	boy
14646	The gate open and calf and a man come out we see four men hogtie calf 's .	how many men do the gate open and calf and a man come out we see hogtie calf 's ?	four
14647	We see a calf running in the ring and another calf being hogtied .	what do we see running in the ring and another calf being hogtied ?	calf
14649	We see an older man holding the reins of a horse .	who do we see holding the reins of a horse ?	man
14651	A man is seen drinking out of a cup held by a woman who is also drinking from a bottle .	who is seen drinking out of the cup held by a woman who is also drinking from a bottle ?	man
14653	There 's a man in a white shirt being interviewed in the 60 Minutes program by the host of the show .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
14656	A woman is kneeling on the sandy beach .	who is kneeling on the sandy beach ?	woman
14657	She is helping a baby with suntan lotion .	who is she helping with suntan lotion ?	baby
14659	Four men are playing bad mitten .	what are four men playing ?	mitten
14659	Four men are playing bad mitten .	how many men are playing bad mitten ?	four
14661	The yellow team makes several points in a row .	what is the color of the team ?	yellow
14663	The clip ends with the yellow team holding trophies .	what ends with the yellow team holding trophies ?	clip
14663	The clip ends with the yellow team holding trophies .	what is the color of the trophies ?	yellow
14664	A man is playing a ukulele for a woman while a man watches from behind a curtain .	who is playing the ukulele for a woman while a man watches from behind a curtain ?	man
14668	The camera pans all around the man using the machine and zooms all around the man moving around .	what pans all around the man using the machine and zooms all around the man moving around ?	camera
14669	A vanilla sponge cake is shown on the title screen .	what is shown on the title screen ?	cake
14670	A white plate is then placed on a brown table alongside four brown eggs .	what is then placed on the brown table alongside four brown eggs ?	plate
14670	A white plate is then placed on a brown table alongside four brown eggs .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
14670	A white plate is then placed on a brown table alongside four brown eggs .	what is the color of the table ?	brown
14670	A white plate is then placed on a brown table alongside four brown eggs .	what is the color of the eggs ?	brown
14671	They are then put in a silver bowl and they are whisked at a rapid pace as sugar is gradually added it and the whipping continues .	where are they then put and they are whisked at a rapid pace as sugar is gradually added it and the whipping continues . ?	bowl
14674	The vanilla is then added and poured into another bowl before the final product is shown .	what is then added and poured into another bowl before the final product is shown ?	vanilla
14675	A woman is seen kicking a man wearing gloves in his hands .	who is seen kicking the man wearing gloves in his hands ?	woman
14676	The man then walks around the circle while people take turns hitting the man .	who then walks around the circle while people take turns hitting the man ?	man
14677	The man continues walking around while they hit him .	who continues walking around while they hit him ?	man
14678	An elliptical trainer is shown , as well as its components .	who is shown , as well as its components ?	trainer
14679	A woman is shown working out on the elliptical .	who is shown working out on the elliptical ?	woman
14681	A person rolls over in bed and looks at their phone .	where does the person roll over . ?	bed
14685	A man is seen skiing behind a boat .	who is seen skiing behind the boat ?	man
14687	The man is water skiing until the end of the clip .	who is water skiing until the end of the clip ?	man
14688	An athletic man is seen standing ready while holding a javelin and then runs down the track and throws the pole into a field .	who is seen standing ready while holding the javelin and then runs down the track and throws the pole into a field ?	man
14690	Several more athletes step up to throw the javelin into the field followed by their same throw shown again and them laughing to the camera .	who step up to throw the javelin into the field followed by their same throw shown again and them laughing to the camera ?	athletes
14692	The woman puts her drink down and begins leading a group of people dancing around .	who puts her drink down and begins leading a group of people dancing around ?	woman
14692	The woman puts her drink down and begins leading a group of people dancing around .	what does the woman put down ?	drink
14694	A man serves a tennis ball when playing tennis with a person in a tennis court .	who serves the tennis ball when playing tennis with a person in a tennis court ?	man
14694	A man serves a tennis ball when playing tennis with a person in a tennis court .	what does the man serve ?	ball
14695	Then , the man serves again to a person behind the net , while a player stands next to him .	who does then , serve again to the person behind the net , while a player stands next to him ?	man
14697	man is standing in a gren field and start jumping the rope .	who is standing in the gren field and start jumping the rope ?	man
14698	man drops the rope and explain how to jump and holds the rope again .	who drops the rope and explain how to jump and holds the rope again ?	man
14698	man drops the rope and explain how to jump and holds the rope again .	what does man drop ?	rope
14698	man drops the rope and explain how to jump and holds the rope again .	what does man hold again ?	rope
14699	We see an opening scene on a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
14701	The man shows us some bolts .	who shows us some bolts ?	man
14705	The person then begins to shave the length of their leg with a blue razor .	what is the color of the razor ?	blue
14709	A young girl in a green leotard begins twirling a baton and doing tricks .	what is the color of the leotard ?	green
14709	A young girl in a green leotard begins twirling a baton and doing tricks .	where does the young girl begin twirling a baton and doing tricks . ?	leotard
14710	The girl begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms .	who begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms ?	girl
14712	The rest of the young girl 's performance is a set of twirls and twist and then she runs off the floor to finish her performance .	what is the rest of the young girl 's performance a set of twirls and twist and then she runs off ?	floor
14713	A person lifts a 90 kg weight until the shoulder and then above the head , then the man drops the weight to the floor .	who does the person lift a 90 kg weight until the shoulder and then above the head , then drops the weight to the floor ?	man
14713	A person lifts a 90 kg weight until the shoulder and then above the head , then the man drops the weight to the floor .	how many kg weight does the person lift until the shoulder and then above the head ?	90
14714	Then , the man lifts 95 kg weight above his head .	who does then , lift 95 kg weight above his head ?	man
14714	Then , the man lifts 95 kg weight above his head .	how many kg weight does then , the man lift above his head ?	95
14715	After , the man lifts a weight of 101 kg successfully .	who does after , lift the weight of 101 kg successfully ?	man
14716	A man comes outside and starts shoveling the snow with his black shovel and many people drive past while he 's doing it .	who comes outside and starts shoveling the snow with his black shovel and many people drive past while he 's doing it ?	man
14717	In the end the camera zooms in to show what is written in the big pile of snow .	what does in the end zoom in to show what is written in the big pile of snow ?	camera
14719	A female wrestler is holding another wrestler upside down .	who is holding another wrestler upside down ?	wrestler
14719	A female wrestler is holding another wrestler upside down .	who is the female wrestler holding upside down ?	wrestler
14726	The girl just rides the surf with her father helping .	who just rides the surf with her father helping ?	girl
14727	A man is standing on a ladder wiping down a wall .	who is standing on the ladder wiping down a wall ?	man
14728	A black bucket is sitting next to him .	what is sitting next to him ?	bucket
14728	A black bucket is sitting next to him .	what is the color of the bucket ?	black
14729	A man is standing up throwing mud at the wall .	who is standing up throwing mud at the wall ?	man
14730	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while standing next to a horse and petting the horse on the side .	who is seen speaking to the camera while standing next to a horse and petting the horse on the side ?	woman
14731	The horse sniffs all around the woman while she pets him down and turns his head in the end .	what sniffs all around the woman while she pets him down and turns his head in the end ?	horse
14732	A man approaches a large mountain , with friends , and climbs it while attached to a green rope until he reaches the top .	who approaches the large mountain , with friends , and climbs it while attached to a green rope until he reaches the top ?	man
14732	A man approaches a large mountain , with friends , and climbs it while attached to a green rope until he reaches the top .	what is the color of the rope ?	green
14734	The man smiles and gives the camera a thumbs up when he gets to the top of the mountain .	who smiles and gives the camera a thumbs up when he gets to the top of the mountain ?	man
14735	A girl is standing with a group of people on a long platform made of wood .	who is standing with the group of people on a long platform made of wood ?	girl
14738	A woman is seen looking into the camera while brushing her hair and leads into her putting her hair into a ponytail .	who is seen looking into the camera while brushing her hair and leads into her putting her hair into a ponytail ?	woman
14739	The girl then braids more hair into her and ends by waving to the camera .	who then braids more hair into her and ends by waving to the camera ?	girl
14740	There is a truck being driven on the road in the beginning of the video .	what is there being driven on the road in the beginning of the video ?	truck
14741	Then a man is shown sitting by the poolside , surfing in the water with other people .	who is then shown sitting by the poolside , surfing in the water with other people ?	man
14745	A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding a hula hoop and leads into her spinning around the hula hoop .	who is seen speaking to the camera holding a hula hoop and leads into her spinning around the hula hoop ?	woman
14746	The woman continues to push the object around her waist while spinning herself around as well as dancing in place .	who continues to push the object around her waist while spinning herself around as well as dancing in place ?	woman
14748	The thin man win the arm wrestling competition .	who win the arm wrestling competition ?	man
14750	The man sits on a bench and is hooked to a large white rope .	who sits on the bench and is hooked to a large white rope ?	man
14750	The man sits on a bench and is hooked to a large white rope .	what is the color of the rope ?	white
14751	The man shakes a lady 's hand .	who shakes the lady 's hand ?	man
14751	The man shakes a lady 's hand .	who does the man shake hand ?	lady
14752	The man stands and walks to the edge of the platform assisted by two people .	who stands and walks to the edge of the platform assisted by two people ?	man
14753	The lady then pushes the man off the edge and the camera pans down to watch the mans ' bungee jump .	who then pushes the man off the edge and the camera pans down to watch the mans ' bungee jump ?	lady
14753	The lady then pushes the man off the edge and the camera pans down to watch the mans ' bungee jump .	who does the lady then push off the edge and the camera pans down to watch the mans ' bungee jump ?	man
14753	The lady then pushes the man off the edge and the camera pans down to watch the mans ' bungee jump .	what does the lady then push the man off the edge and pans down to watch the mans ' bungee jump ?	camera
14754	A man with stick holds it out and the man catches it and they release the man from the rope .	who does the man with stick hold it out and catches it and they release the man from the rope ?	man
14759	A man puts shaving cream on his face .	who puts shaving cream on his face ?	man
14765	A small white ball dashed out into the court and hits a player smack dab in the head .	what dashed out into the court and hits a player smack dab in the head ?	ball
14765	A small white ball dashed out into the court and hits a player smack dab in the head .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
14766	Another player then steals the ball and starts kicking it until its more into his control , and kicks it straight into the goal .	what does another player then steal ?	ball
14770	A man is kite surfing on the edge of the board .	who is kite surfing on the edge of the board ?	man
14771	The camera zoom in and shows the board then zooms back out .	what zoom in and shows the board then zooms back out ?	camera
14772	We see the road in the distance and see cars driving .	what do we see ?	cars
14774	A gymnast is seen jumping onto a set of uneven bars and performing a gymnastics routine in front of others .	who is seen jumping onto the set of uneven bars and performing a gymnastics routine in front of others ?	gymnast
14775	The man continues flipping around the bars and ends with him jumping down and bowing to the crowd .	who continues flipping around the bars and ends with him jumping down and bowing to the crowd ?	man
14776	A small child is seen climbing up a slide at a playground very slowly .	who is seen climbing up the slide at a playground very slowly ?	child
14779	A person moves the cups alongside the table while the person continues throwing and the men switch place .	what does the person move alongside the table and the men switch place ?	cups
14781	Two men in inflatable sumo wrestler costumes entertain the public by street performing in a public square .	how many men in inflatable sumo wrestler costumes entertain the public by street performing in a public square ?	two
14782	Two men in inflatable sumo wrestler outfits talk to the camera and begin to entertain the people passing by as they stand in a paved public square .	how many men in inflatable sumo wrestler outfits talk to the camera and begin to entertain the people passing by as they stand in a paved public square ?	two
14784	We see a black screen with writing .	what do we see with writing ?	screen
14784	We see a black screen with writing .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
14786	The groomer kisses the puppy .	what does the groomer kiss ?	puppy
14788	We then see a black title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
14788	We then see a black title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
14790	A man is standing on the back of a speedboat .	who is standing on the back of a speedboat ?	man
14796	A person holds a stick out and grabs a fish and pokes at sharks .	the person holds what out and grabs a fish ?	stick
14796	A person holds a stick out and grabs a fish and pokes at sharks .	the person holds a stick out and grabs what ?	fish
14797	A man plays a saxophone while facing the camera .	who plays the saxophone while facing the camera ?	man
14797	A man plays a saxophone while facing the camera .	what does the man play while facing the camera ?	saxophone
14798	The man finishes playing and smiles at his instrument .	who finishes playing and smiles at his instrument ?	man
14803	A man is in a forest , and his feet are shown with and without shoes .	who is in the forest , and his feet are shown with and without shoes ?	man
14804	He mounts a tightrope and balances on it .	what does he mount ?	tightrope
14805	He uses the tightrope to walk , showing the proper positions to maintain balance .	what does he use ?	tightrope
14806	A woman pics up a bottle filled with red bullets .	who pics up the bottle filled with red bullets ?	woman
14806	A woman pics up a bottle filled with red bullets .	what does the woman pics up filled with red bullets ?	bottle
14806	A woman pics up a bottle filled with red bullets .	what is the color of the bullets ?	red
14807	The cotton pad is removed , then a gun is loaded .	what is the cotton pad removed , then is loaded ?	gun
14808	She shoots the paint bullets at a target , spattering it red .	what does she shoot at a target , ?	bullets
14813	A man is dribbling a basketball .	who is dribbling the basketball ?	man
14815	They jump up and make a basket .	what do they make ?	basket
14817	A man is then being interviewed by reporters and ends with the camera panning away .	who is then being interviewed by reporters and ends with the camera panning away ?	man
14820	A gymnast is seen standing ready with her arms up and turns to face the beam .	who is seen standing ready with her arms up and turns to face the beam ?	gymnast
14823	Two people are seen standing on a sandy beach with one kicking the ball and passing it to another .	how many people are seen standing on the sandy beach with one kicking the ball and passing it to another ?	two
14824	The boys continue passing the ball back and fourth while many people are seen walking around and playing in the water .	who continue passing the ball back and fourth while many people are seen walking around and playing in the water ?	boys
14825	Two teams of hockey players are inside of the rink playing a game .	how many teams of hockey players are inside of the rink playing a game ?	two
14826	The puck is hit behind the goal and the team hits it back out and the game continues .	who is hit behind the goal and the team hits it back out and the game continues ?	puck
14827	After fighting for it , the players hit the puck down on the other end and it is blocked by the goalie .	who is after fighting for it , the players hit down on the other end and it is blocked by the goalie ?	puck
14829	A man practice martial arts in a gym turning and spinning around .	who martial arts in a gym turning and spinning around ?	practice
14830	Then , the man leans on her hands to spin his body and make turns .	who does then , lean on her hands to spin his body and make turns ?	man
14831	After , the man stands on his hands and tilt his body to the sides and front .	after , who stands on his hands and tilt his body to the sides and front ?	man
14833	Two men are walking down planks with one rolling out paper and putting tape across .	how many men are walking down planks with one rolling out paper and putting tape across ?	two
14834	Other men lay down a green sheet of paper and continue taping down the paper .	what is the color of the sheet ?	green
14835	One last set of paper is laid across with tape and the men continue working .	how many last set of paper is laid across with tape ?	one
14838	A lady falls and slides across the ground .	who falls and slides across the ground ?	lady
14839	Two ladies high five each other .	who high five each other ?	ladies
14839	Two ladies high five each other .	how many ladies high five each other ?	two
14840	Three ladies fall into the crowd on the left .	who fall into the crowd on the left ?	ladies
14840	Three ladies fall into the crowd on the left .	how many ladies fall into the crowd on the left ?	three
14841	A lady misses and falls .	who misses and falls ?	lady
14849	More clips are shown of people jump roping in different rooms and laughing with one another .	what are shown of people jump roping in different rooms and laughing with one another ?	clips
14850	A black screen appears with yellow writing on it .	what appears with yellow writing on it ?	screen
14850	A black screen appears with yellow writing on it .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
14850	A black screen appears with yellow writing on it .	what is the color of the writing ?	yellow
14852	A man body slams another man on a ring .	who slams another man on a ring ?	body
14853	A referee taps on the ground several times .	who taps on the ground several times ?	referee
14855	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
14858	A tall man is shown from the legs up as he jumps .	who is shown from the legs up as he jumps ?	man
14859	A man misses a shot and looks behind him and two men look behind them .	who misses the shot and looks behind him and two men look behind them ?	man
14859	A man misses a shot and looks behind him and two men look behind them .	how many men look behind them ?	two
14862	A man cleans the rim of a wheel with a brush , then the man rinse the car with a hose .	who cleans the rim of a wheel with a brush , then the man rinse the car with a hose ?	man
14862	A man cleans the rim of a wheel with a brush , then the man rinse the car with a hose .	who does the man clean the rim of a wheel with a brush , then rinse the car with a hose ?	man
14863	After , the man applies detergent with a washing scrub brush .	who does after , apply detergent with a washing scrub brush ?	man
14864	Next , the car enters inside an automatic car wash machine .	what does next , enter inside an automatic car wash machine ?	car
14865	Two people arm wrestle and take off clothes .	how many people arm wrestle and take off clothes ?	two
14867	The kites crash into the people once .	what crash into the people once ?	kites
14868	People are riding horses on a field .	what are people riding on a field ?	horses
14870	The horses are running around on the field .	what are running around on the field ?	horses
14871	A woman is talking and in between there are clips playing of groomers grooming dogs , customers , dogs walking in the store , products and dogs walking in the store .	who is talking and in between there are clips playing of groomers grooming dogs , customers , dogs walking in the store , products and dogs walking in the store ?	woman
14873	woman puts butter in a bowl with sugar , and flour and mix it in a kitchen aid , adding eggs , vanilla and flour , when the mix is homogenous add chocolate chips .	who puts butter in a bowl with sugar , and flour and mix it in a kitchen aid , adding eggs , vanilla and flour , when the mix is homogenous add chocolate chips ?	woman
14873	woman puts butter in a bowl with sugar , and flour and mix it in a kitchen aid , adding eggs , vanilla and flour , when the mix is homogenous add chocolate chips .	what does woman put in a bowl with sugar , and flour and mix it in a kitchen aid , adding eggs , vanilla and flour , when the mix is homogenous add chocolate chips ?	butter
14873	woman puts butter in a bowl with sugar , and flour and mix it in a kitchen aid , adding eggs , vanilla and flour , when the mix is homogenous add chocolate chips .	what does woman put butter in a bowl with sugar , and add ?	chips
14874	the dough is molded in balls and in a tray to the oven .	what is molded in balls and in a tray to the oven ?	dough
14875	A male athlete is shown and he spins around and throws the discus .	who is shown and he spins around and throws the discus ?	athlete
14876	Once complete , two people rush out to measure the distance .	how many people do once complete , rush out to measure the distance ?	two
14878	A man is in front of a cutting board covered in potatoes .	who is in front of a cutting board covered in potatoes ?	man
14879	He uses a peeler to peel the skin from a potato .	who does he use ?	peeler
14881	A boy is sitting at a wooden table in a cafe .	who is sitting at the wooden table in a cafe ?	boy
14882	He lights a hookah , then pulls a drag on the smoke .	what does he light , then pulls a drag on the smoke ?	hookah
14884	A girl sits and endures pain as she gets a traditional Polynesian tattoo .	who sits and endures pain as she gets a traditional polynesian tattoo ?	girl
14885	The artists stop for a moment and clean off the area .	who stop for the moment and clean off the area ?	artists
14889	More falls are shown with a slow motion affect and more people continue to ride around .	what are shown with the slow motion affect and more people continue to ride around ?	falls
14890	A black screen appears with white , red , green and blue words that say `` membrillo films '' on one screen , `` Mateo Bervelillo '' , and `` Trillizos '' .	what appears with white , red , green and blue words that say `` membrillo films '' on one screen , `` mateo bervelillo '' , and `` trillizos '' ?	screen
14890	A black screen appears with white , red , green and blue words that say `` membrillo films '' on one screen , `` Mateo Bervelillo '' , and `` Trillizos '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
14891	A man is now outdoors , sits on a wooden box , and begins tapping his fingers onto the box and bouncing his feet on the ground .	who is now outdoors , sits on the wooden box , and begins tapping his fingers onto the box and bouncing his feet on the ground ?	man
14892	Another man who looks like the first man comes out of a door and sits on the chair outdoor near the first man and he begins hitting a bongo .	who comes out of a door and sits on the chair outdoor near the first man and he begins hitting a bongo ?	man
14893	A third man who looks like the two previous men before him , come out of a door and sit on the last chair and he plays on his bongo .	who plays on his bongo ?	man
14895	woman wwearing a red shirt is standing in front of the pole .	who is wwearing a red shirt is standing in front of the pole ?	woman
14895	woman wwearing a red shirt is standing in front of the pole .	woman wwearing what is standing in front of the pole ?	shirt
14895	woman wwearing a red shirt is standing in front of the pole .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
14896	little girl is walking in front of he girl doing gymnastics .	who is walking in front of he girl doing gymnastics ?	girl
14897	We see the black title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
14897	We see the black title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
14901	The lady gets on , sets the time , and runs on the machine .	who gets on , sets the time , and runs on the machine ?	lady
14902	We see just the man talking then using the machine .	who do we see talking then using the machine ?	man
14913	One man falls in the end and his board crashes along the side .	who falls in the end and his board crashes along the side ?	man
14913	One man falls in the end and his board crashes along the side .	how many man falls in the end and his board crashes along the side ?	one
14914	A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing out in a back yard .	who is seen speaking to the camera while standing out in a back yard ?	man
14916	The man continues to spray down the hose while another watches on the side and pans back to the camera man .	who continues to spray down the hose while another watches on the side and pans back to the camera man ?	man
14917	A pale young woman in a white dress is standing in the forest with long curly brownish-reddish hair and begins skipping .	what is the color of the dress ?	white
14918	Then she is shown with a black shirt and long hair and begins talking in a dark staircase .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
14918	Then she is shown with a black shirt and long hair and begins talking in a dark staircase .	where does then she begin talking . ?	staircase
14919	She stands up , flips her pony tail and the camera pans her outfit and she has on a black shirt and blue shorts and begins walking up the stairs .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
14919	She stands up , flips her pony tail and the camera pans her outfit and she has on a black shirt and blue shorts and begins walking up the stairs .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
14920	Next , she goes into a room and begins talking to a woman with a black shirt and blonde hair .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
14921	The lady holds up a white index card with sketches of two heads .	who holds up the white index card with sketches of two heads ?	lady
14921	The lady holds up a white index card with sketches of two heads .	what does the lady hold up with sketches of two heads ?	card
14921	The lady holds up a white index card with sketches of two heads .	what is the color of the card ?	white
14922	The lady washes her hairs and begins cutting it with a pair of shears to a very short length .	who washes her hairs and begins cutting it with a pair of shears to a very short length ?	lady
14923	The girl sits in the chair and begins shaking her ear length hair and holding up the cut off hair in her hands .	who sits in the chair and begins shaking her ear length hair and holding up the cut off hair in her hands ?	girl
14923	The girl sits in the chair and begins shaking her ear length hair and holding up the cut off hair in her hands .	where does the girl sit . ?	chair
14924	The hairdresser begins blow drying her hair , cutting it and styling it .	who begins blow drying her hair , cutting it and styling it ?	hairdresser
14928	The woman then lets her hair down along her back .	who then lets her hair down along her back ?	woman
14933	A woman stands and talks in a garden next to a bed of herbs and plants and a wheelbarrow filled with mulch .	who stands and talks in the garden next to a bed of herbs and plants and a wheelbarrow filled with mulch ?	woman
14934	A herb garden appears with a woman standing next to it in a large garden next to a wheelbarrow filled with mulch .	what appears with the woman standing next to it in a large garden next to a wheelbarrow filled with mulch ?	garden
14935	The woman begins to talk to the camera while gesturing to the flowerbed and the mulch , before eventually picking up a handful of the mulch .	who begins to talk to the camera while gesturing to the flowerbed and the mulch , before eventually picking up a handful of the mulch ?	woman
14936	The woman continues talking before the scene morphs into video of a small red potatoes on the ground pulled up by the root .	who continues talking before the scene morphs into video of a small red potatoes on the ground pulled up by the root ?	woman
14936	The woman continues talking before the scene morphs into video of a small red potatoes on the ground pulled up by the root .	what is the color of the potatoes ?	red
14938	A woman in a green shirt eats chips .	what does the woman in a green shirt eat ?	chips
14938	A woman in a green shirt eats chips .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
14939	A man in a blue shirt is pointing to the sky and moving his hand in circles .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
14941	We see a man using an electric sander to sharpen a variety of things .	who do we see using an electric sander to sharpen a variety of things ?	man
14941	We see a man using an electric sander to sharpen a variety of things .	we see a man using what ?	sander
14944	The man adjust some screws and moves an arm .	who adjust some screws and moves an arm ?	man
14944	The man adjust some screws and moves an arm .	who do the man adjust ?	screws
14946	The man adds an oil to the item , and we see the packaging .	who adds an oil to the item , and we see the packaging ?	man
14949	the woman continue dancing with one another and ends with a zumba logo shown in the background .	who continue dancing with one another and ends with a zumba logo shown in the background ?	woman
14950	A woman is seen standing in front of a mirror and begins jumping rope while smiling at the camera .	who is seen standing in front of a mirror and begins jumping rope while smiling at the camera ?	woman
14952	woman is standing in a kitchen in front of a camera holding a door .	who is standing in the kitchen in front of a camera holding a door ?	woman
14953	woman cuts the door and spread chocolate cream on he top and put another layer of cake .	who cuts the door and spread chocolate cream on he top and put another layer of cake ?	woman
14954	the woman spread the chocolate cream again in the top and put another layer of cake and spread the cream on top and at sides .	who spread the chocolate cream again in the top and put another layer of cake and spread the cream on top and at sides ?	woman
14954	the woman spread the chocolate cream again in the top and put another layer of cake and spread the cream on top and at sides .	what do the woman spread again in the top ?	cream
14956	thw woman grabs white fondant and kneads it and then cover the cake with it with her hands and cuts the remaining , adds ornamens on top .	who grabs white fondant and kneads it and then cover the cake with it with her hands and cuts the remaining , adds ornamens on top ?	woman
14956	thw woman grabs white fondant and kneads it and then cover the cake with it with her hands and cuts the remaining , adds ornamens on top .	what does thw woman grab ?	fondant
14956	thw woman grabs white fondant and kneads it and then cover the cake with it with her hands and cuts the remaining , adds ornamens on top .	what is the color of the fondant ?	white
14957	A baby is sitting at a tiny table outside .	who is sitting at the tiny table outside ?	baby
14958	He is smoking a cigarette and waving at adults .	what is he smoking and waving at adults ?	cigarette
14959	He high fives a woman , then continues to smoke .	who does he high fives , then continues to smoke ?	woman
14960	A person 's skis are shown close up as they move continuously down a snowy hill moving quickly past trees .	what are shown close up as they move continuously down a snowy hill moving quickly past trees ?	skis
14964	The man continues to play the instrument and stops in the end .	who continues to play the instrument and stops in the end ?	man
14965	A woman is seen walking into frame while speaking to the camera and putting her face in cream .	who is seen walking into frame while speaking to the camera and putting her face in cream ?	woman
14966	The woman then rubs the cream on her face while still speaking to the camera .	who then rubs the cream on her face while still speaking to the camera ?	woman
14967	The camera pans around the kitchen while the woman continues to rub her hands in the lotion .	what pans around the kitchen while the woman continues to rub her hands in the lotion ?	camera
14967	The camera pans around the kitchen while the woman continues to rub her hands in the lotion .	where does the camera pan around the kitchen while the woman continues to rub her hands . ?	lotion
14968	A man plays an accordion in the street .	who plays an accordion in the street ?	man
14968	A man plays an accordion in the street .	where does the man play an accordion . ?	street
14971	A man walks in the background .	who walks in the background ?	man
14975	A man in a green shirt and green hat is holding a large knife .	what is the man in a green shirt and green hat holding ?	knife
14975	A man in a green shirt and green hat is holding a large knife .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
14975	A man in a green shirt and green hat is holding a large knife .	what is the color of the hat ?	green
14978	A man is standing over an oven cooking something in a pan .	who is standing over an oven cooking something in a pan ?	man
14981	He is adding seasonings to the pan .	what is he adding to the pan ?	seasonings
14983	He shakes the pan again .	what does he shake again ?	pan
14986	The man sits down in a chair .	who sits down in the chair ?	man
14986	The man sits down in a chair .	where does the man sit down . ?	chair
14987	Several screens are shown of bright orange lettering on a black background .	what are shown of bright orange lettering on a black background ?	screens
14987	Several screens are shown of bright orange lettering on a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
14988	A man and a woman are standing upright in a pool , and the man is showing the woman swimming techniques .	who are the man and a woman standing upright in a pool , and is showing the woman swimming techniques ?	man
14988	A man and a woman are standing upright in a pool , and the man is showing the woman swimming techniques .	where are the man and a woman standing upright , and the man is showing the woman swimming techniques . ?	pool
14989	The woman begins to emulate the man 's actions , moving her arms and dipping her head under the water .	who begins to emulate the man 's actions , moving her arms and dipping her head under the water ?	woman
14990	The man shows her how to swim outward by doing so himself .	who shows her how to swim outward by doing so himself ?	man
14991	The woman watches as he swims away .	who watches as he swims away ?	woman
14992	A girl is pouring ingredients into a bowl and mixing them together .	who is pouring ingredients into a bowl and mixing them together ?	girl
14992	A girl is pouring ingredients into a bowl and mixing them together .	what is the girl pouring into a bowl and mixing them together ?	ingredients
14994	She is dipping the dough into a white glaze .	what is she dipping into a white glaze ?	dough
14994	She is dipping the dough into a white glaze .	what is the color of the glaze ?	white
14995	A person is blowing leaves in the back of their yard .	what is the person blowing in the back of their yard ?	leaves
14996	The kid is having some trouble but is generally doing an ok job .	who is having some trouble but is generally doing an ok job ?	kid
14997	A news anchor presents a story behind a desk in a large newsroom .	what presents the story behind a desk in a large newsroom ?	anchor
15000	Professionals are seen in there offices discussing the subject .	who are seen in there offices discussing the subject ?	professionals
15001	Text is seen against a red background with a website and information .	what is the color of the background ?	red
15002	A gymnast performs a balance beam gymnastic routine in a professional sports event with an audience in the bleachers .	who performs the balance beam gymnastic routine in a professional sports event with an audience in the bleachers ?	gymnast
15003	A girl stands in front of a balance beam in a gymnast outfit and jumps on the beam where she begins to execute a gymnastic routine on the balance beam .	who stands in front of a balance beam in a gymnast outfit and jumps on the beam where she begins to execute a gymnastic routine on the balance beam ?	girl
15004	A ballerina starts dancing on a stage .	who starts dancing on the stage ?	ballerina
15008	People playing instruments are on the stage .	people playing what are on the stage ?	instruments
15011	man is walking in a backyard shake the tree holds a broom and sweep the dry leaves on the floor .	where is man walking shake the tree holds a broom and sweep the dry leaves on the floor . ?	backyard
15012	man go for a dustpan and a bag and pick up the leaves from the floor .	what do man pick up from the floor ?	leaves
15015	More clips are shown of people attempting to jump over the wall and not making it high enough .	what are shown of people attempting to jump over the wall and not making it high enough ?	clips
15016	Two kids are playing in the back of a truck .	who are playing in the back of a truck ?	kids
15016	Two kids are playing in the back of a truck .	how many kids are playing in the back of a truck ?	two
15017	People are standing around a yellow ice cream truck .	what is the color of the truck ?	yellow
15018	Two kids are sitting down on a sidewalk eating ice cream .	who are sitting down on the sidewalk eating ice cream ?	kids
15018	Two kids are sitting down on a sidewalk eating ice cream .	how many kids are sitting down on the sidewalk eating ice cream ?	two
15019	Someone is riding a horse across a grassy field and comes upon other people on horseback .	what is someone riding across a grassy field ?	horse
15023	A man is demonstrating how to kindle a small pit of fire .	who is demonstrating how to kindle the small pit of fire ?	man
15024	First , the man shows off the flint he has for the fire .	who does first , show off the flint he has for the fire ?	man
15026	The man then lights the fire , which slowly spreads throughout the wood .	who then lights the fire , which slowly spreads throughout the wood ?	man
15027	The man then pokes the fire with pieces of flat wood to spread the fire .	who then pokes the fire with pieces of flat wood to spread the fire ?	man
15028	The man then shakes the twigs on the wood to further spread the fire .	who then shakes the twigs on the wood to further spread the fire ?	man
15028	The man then shakes the twigs on the wood to further spread the fire .	what does the man then shake on the wood to further spread the fire ?	twigs
15029	There are two men playing ping pong in a basement .	how many men are there playing ping pong in a basement ?	two
15029	There are two men playing ping pong in a basement .	where are two men playing ping pong . ?	basement
15030	One of the players is wearing a black shirt and the other is a blue shirt .	what is one of the players wearing and the other is a blue shirt ?	shirt
15030	One of the players is wearing a black shirt and the other is a blue shirt .	what is one of the players wearing a black shirt and the other is ?	shirt
15030	One of the players is wearing a black shirt and the other is a blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
15030	One of the players is wearing a black shirt and the other is a blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
15031	There is a mattress leaning against the basement wall .	what is there leaning against the basement wall ?	mattress
15033	Then the person in black misses the shot .	what is the color of the person ?	black
15035	The person in blue hits the ball in the net .	where does the person in blue hit the ball . ?	net
15037	A man paints a hose on front a fence in a backyard .	who a hose on front a fence in a backyard ?	man
15038	The man paint the fence from up to down .	who paint the fence from up to down ?	man
15038	The man paint the fence from up to down .	what do the man paint from up to down ?	fence
15040	Then , the man trim the sides of the pink hedge on front a house .	who do then , trim the sides of the pink hedge on front a house ?	man
15042	More pictures are shown off the horse and person together followed by more clips of the girl riding the horse .	what are shown off the horse and person together followed by more clips of the girl riding the horse ?	pictures
15043	In the end the horse is seen tied up to the stables and the girl wanders around him .	what is in the end seen tied up to the stables and the girl wanders around him ?	horse
15043	In the end the horse is seen tied up to the stables and the girl wanders around him .	who is in the end the horse seen and wanders around him ?	girl
15044	A young woman is sitting on a red lounge chair as a tattoo artist begins doing his job .	who is sitting on the red lounge chair as a tattoo artist begins doing his job ?	woman
15044	A young woman is sitting on a red lounge chair as a tattoo artist begins doing his job .	what is the color of the chair ?	red
15045	As he applies the needle , the girl fringes in her face but stays as still as possible .	, who fringes in her face but stays as still as possible ?	girl
15046	The tattoo is finally finished and the man dabs the rest of the tattoo on her foot .	who is the tattoo finally finished and dabs the rest of the tattoo on her foot ?	man
15047	A man walks into a circle on a field .	who walks into the circle on a field ?	man
15050	A man is sitting down in a chair .	who is sitting down in the chair ?	man
15050	A man is sitting down in a chair .	where is the man sitting down . ?	chair
15053	A young boy is seen sitting in a chair looking away with others walking by .	who is seen sitting in the chair looking away with others walking by ?	boy
15054	The man then takes a sip of a drink and makes a funny face .	who then takes the sip of a drink and makes a funny face ?	man
15059	the kids play more tug of a war and a close up of a person 's face is seen in slow motion .	who play more tug of a war and a close up of a person 's face is seen in slow motion ?	kids
15060	A woman is sitting outside on a white chair playing at accordion .	who is sitting outside on the white chair playing at accordion ?	woman
15060	A woman is sitting outside on a white chair playing at accordion .	what is the color of the chair ?	white
15062	A man is seen solving a rubix cube was another sits beside him and watches .	who is seen solving the rubix cube was another sits beside him and watches ?	man
15068	The woman continues cleaning the floor and walks back to the camera .	who continues cleaning the floor and walks back to the camera ?	woman
15069	There are two little girls standing in an indoor court learning to play squash .	who are there standing in an indoor court learning to play squash ?	girls
15069	There are two little girls standing in an indoor court learning to play squash .	how many little girls are there standing in an indoor court learning to play squash ?	two
15074	A news anchor is standing behind a table with papers on it talking as a man is picture swimming on the television screen behind him .	what is standing behind the table with papers on it talking as a man is picture swimming on the television screen behind him ?	anchor
15076	A coach is then shown in a hallway as the people come back and continue playing the game before a football game then shows .	who is then shown in the hallway as the people come back and continue playing the game before a football game then shows ?	coach
15076	A coach is then shown in a hallway as the people come back and continue playing the game before a football game then shows .	where is the coach then shown as the people come back and continue playing the game before a football game then shows . ?	hallway
15077	Four young women and a man are on the stage , while one girl is playing the guitar .	how many girl are four young women and a man on the stage , while is playing the guitar ?	one
15080	We see a man fall in the water in reverse .	who do we see in the water in reverse ?	fall
15083	A man makes it across .	who makes it across ?	man
15085	The pan puts a tap in the coconut and pours it in his mouth as he lays on the ground .	what puts the tap in the coconut and pours it in his mouth as he lays on the ground ?	pan
15086	The man sits up and smiles .	who sits up and smiles ?	man
15087	A close up of boots are seen as well as person digging a hole .	the close up of boots as well as person digging what ?	hole
15088	The person lays out dirt and cut a hole into it while also putting a plant inside .	what did the person cut into it ?	hole
15089	The person waters the plant and ends by laying out more dirt .	what does the person water ?	plant
15090	A boy is standing at the counter facing backwards from the dart board .	who is standing at the counter facing backwards from the dart board ?	boy
15091	His mom is standing beside him and he is getting ready to throw his dart .	who is standing beside him and he is getting ready to throw his dart ?	mom
15092	He throws it and completely misses the dart board all together .	he completely misses what all together ?	board
15094	A man splits logs into using an ax in a grassy yard while his wife retrieves the pieces .	who splits logs into using an ax in a grassy yard while his wife retrieves the pieces ?	man
15095	A man splits logs in the yard by himself .	who splits logs in the yard by himself ?	man
15096	The man sets his ax blade into the log and takes a brake .	who sets his ax blade into the log and takes a brake ?	man
15096	The man sets his ax blade into the log and takes a brake .	what does the man set into the log ?	blade
15098	Two men are on a red canoe .	how many men are on the red canoe ?	two
15098	Two men are on a red canoe .	what is the color of the canoe ?	red
15099	A group of rafters go down the river while , also people in canoes raft .	where do the group of rafters go down the river while , also people . ?	raft
15100	The rafters arrive to calm waters , then a team celebrates a victory .	what arrive to calm waters , then a team celebrates a victory ?	rafters
15101	A man in a blue shirt is sitting down holding a bar on an exercise machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
15102	He pushes off and uses the exercise machine .	what does he use exercise ?	machine
15104	The middle lady uses her foot to move the mop .	who uses her foot to move the mop ?	lady
15105	The left lady then moves the mop with her foot .	who then moves the mop with her foot ?	lady
15106	The middle lady does it again then the man finishes mopping the floor .	who does it again then the man finishes mopping the floor ?	lady
15107	A guy is crawling on the ground .	who is crawling on the ground ?	guy
15108	The guy is using a box knife to cut the carpet .	who is using the box knife to cut the carpet ?	guy
15108	The guy is using a box knife to cut the carpet .	what is the guy using ?	knife
15109	The guy looks behind him .	who looks behind him ?	guy
15112	One man leads the camera around with the person on top and people recording them from the sides .	who leads the camera around with the person on top and people recording them from the sides ?	man
15112	One man leads the camera around with the person on top and people recording them from the sides .	what does one man lead around with the person on top and people recording them from the sides ?	camera
15112	One man leads the camera around with the person on top and people recording them from the sides .	how many man leads the camera around with the person on top and people recording them from the sides ?	one
15113	The man lays the camel down for the person to climb off and the rider smiles and waves to the camera .	who lays the camel down for the person to climb off and the rider smiles and waves to the camera ?	man
15113	The man lays the camel down for the person to climb off and the rider smiles and waves to the camera .	what does the man lay down for the person to climb off and the rider smiles and waves to the camera ?	camel
15114	A German man is throwing a discus in competition .	who is throwing the discus in competition ?	man
15117	A gymnast performs on a pommel horse on front a crowd in the bleachers .	who performs on the pommel horse on front a crowd in the bleachers ?	gymnast
15120	More women are shown running down the track and landing into the sand pit as others watch .	who are shown running down the track and landing into the sand pit as others watch ?	women
15122	There 's a contractor working on a deck .	who does there 's working on a deck ?	contractor
15124	He covers the entire deck with the wooden tiles to evenly cover the surface area .	what does he cover with the wooden tiles ?	deck
15125	An older man is in a pool and he 's holding a yellow ball in front of his face .	who is in the pool and he 's holding a yellow ball in front of his face ?	man
15125	An older man is in a pool and he 's holding a yellow ball in front of his face .	what is an older man in a pool and he 's holding in front of his face ?	ball
15125	An older man is in a pool and he 's holding a yellow ball in front of his face .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
15125	An older man is in a pool and he 's holding a yellow ball in front of his face .	where is an older man and he 's holding a yellow ball in front of his face . ?	pool
15126	The man throws it to a dog who is balancing on a blue floating device and the dog hits it back to the man using his nose .	who throws it to a dog who is balancing on a blue floating device and the dog hits it back to the man using his nose ?	man
15126	The man throws it to a dog who is balancing on a blue floating device and the dog hits it back to the man using his nose .	who does the man throw it to a dog is balancing on a blue floating device and what hits it back to the man using his nose ?	dog
15126	The man throws it to a dog who is balancing on a blue floating device and the dog hits it back to the man using his nose .	what is the color of the device ?	blue
15127	The man throws it back to the dog and the dog hits it back and then he slips off the floating device and splashes into the water .	who throws it back to the dog and the dog hits it back and then he slips off the floating device and splashes into the water ?	man
15127	The man throws it back to the dog and the dog hits it back and then he slips off the floating device and splashes into the water .	what does the man throw and then he slips off and splashes into the water ?	device
15128	women are insisde a bathtub shving her legs with ceam and water .	who are insisde the bathtub shving her legs with ceam and water ?	women
15128	women are insisde a bathtub shving her legs with ceam and water .	what are women insisde shving her legs with ceam and water ?	bathtub
15129	women are laughing in front of a mirror .	who are laughing in front of a mirror ?	women
15132	A boy rides down a street on a skateboard .	who rides down the street on a skateboard ?	boy
15133	Four boys on skateboards ride past .	how many boys on skateboards ride past ?	four
15134	We see a boy almost fall two times .	how many times do we see a boy almost fall ?	two
15136	A group of boys walking up a hill .	what is the group of boys walking up ?	hill
15138	A man dressed in a black sweatshirt and black shorts , along with another person dressed in white athletic wear are standing in a tennis court near the net .	who dressed in a black sweatshirt and black shorts , along with another person dressed in white athletic wear are standing in a tennis court near the net ?	man
15138	A man dressed in a black sweatshirt and black shorts , along with another person dressed in white athletic wear are standing in a tennis court near the net .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	black
15138	A man dressed in a black sweatshirt and black shorts , along with another person dressed in white athletic wear are standing in a tennis court near the net .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
15138	A man dressed in a black sweatshirt and black shorts , along with another person dressed in white athletic wear are standing in a tennis court near the net .	what is the color of the wear ?	white
15140	The person in black is giving a tutorial on how to return a serve in tennis .	what is the color of the person ?	black
15142	Then the person in white begins taking about more about the tennis serve and how to play effectively .	what is the color of the person ?	white
15145	A man jumps down a flight of stairs on roller blades .	who jumps down the flight of stairs on roller blades ?	man
15146	A man in a white shirt jumps down a flight of stairs .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
15147	Three men are set up to play darts .	how many men are set up to play darts ?	three
15149	A man in blue hits a cue ball .	what does the man in blue hit ?	ball
15150	The man in peach lines back up and shoots three darts at the dart board and removes them .	the man in peach lines shoots how many darts at the dart board and removes them ?	three
15151	He lines back up in front of the board and throws one more dart .	what does he throw ?	dart
15151	He lines back up in front of the board and throws one more dart .	how many more dart does he throw ?	one
15152	More people gather around as two men remove the darts from the dartboards and walk back a distance .	how many men do more people gather around as remove the darts from the dartboards ?	two
15155	A woman stands by the dart board and smiles .	who stands by the dart board and smiles ?	woman
15156	The man in peach throws three darts at the board again and smiles as he removes them .	how many darts does the man in peach throw at the board again ?	three
15158	The boy climbs across on the monkey bars .	who climbs across on the monkey bars ?	boy
15159	The boy reaches the other platform and turns and smiles for the camera .	who reaches the other platform and turns and smiles for the camera ?	boy
15159	The boy reaches the other platform and turns and smiles for the camera .	what does the boy reach ?	platform
15160	Two men sit in a room smoking cigarettes one playing guitar the other on keyboard .	how many men sit in the room smoking cigarettes one playing guitar the other on keyboard ?	two
15164	An older woman and young child are seen washing dishes in a sink and speaking to one another .	where are an older woman and young child seen washing dishes and speaking to one another . ?	sink
15165	The people play in the water and the girl blows bubbles while the woman washes dishes .	who do the people play in the water and bubbles while the woman washes dishes ?	blows
15166	A colorful hexagonal shaped kite is flying high in the air .	what is flying high in the air ?	kite
15167	The clear blue skies and the bright sun shinning make the kite look very colorful and radiant .	what is the color of the skies ?	blue
15169	Two men fight robots of evil and ends with a to be continued .	how many men fight robots of evil and ends with a to be continued ?	two
15170	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her laying out various food items and mixing ingredients into a blender .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her laying out various food items and mixing ingredients into a blender ?	woman
15171	She pours more out more flours into the mixer and shows several shots of cookies being made .	what does she pour more out into the mixer ?	flours
15172	She lays out more ingredients , pours of spoonfuls of dough onto a pan , and then breaks apart a cooked cookie .	what does she lay out ?	ingredients
15172	She lays out more ingredients , pours of spoonfuls of dough onto a pan , and then breaks apart a cooked cookie .	what does she break apart ?	cookie
15173	An elderly man is walking and a large white bird is biting at his right foot .	who is walking and the large white bird is biting at his right foot ?	man
15173	An elderly man is walking and a large white bird is biting at his right foot .	what is an elderly man walking and is biting at his right foot ?	bird
15173	An elderly man is walking and a large white bird is biting at his right foot .	what is the color of the bird ?	white
15174	The man turns around and points and scolds the bird and continues to walk .	who turns around and points and scolds the bird and continues to walk ?	man
15174	The man turns around and points and scolds the bird and continues to walk .	the man points and scolds what and continues to walk ?	bird
15175	The man then bends down near some stairs , wipes the outside of the building and the bird continues to attack the man .	who then bends down near some stairs , wipes the outside of the building and the bird continues to attack the man ?	man
15175	The man then bends down near some stairs , wipes the outside of the building and the bird continues to attack the man .	what does the man then bend down near some stairs , wipes the outside of the building and continues to attack the man ?	bird
15176	Various women are seen looking at the camera followed by a man speaking to the camera .	who are seen looking at the camera followed by a man speaking to the camera ?	women
15177	Several tools are shown that lea into one woman brushing out her hair .	what are shown that lea into one woman brushing out her hair ?	tools
15178	Another woman brushes her hair and leads into more clips of women smiling and looking to the camera .	who brushes her hair and leads into more clips of women smiling and looking to the camera ?	woman
15179	Two people are playing wall ball in a room .	how many people are playing wall ball in a room ?	two
15179	Two people are playing wall ball in a room .	where are two people playing wall ball . ?	room
15180	A boy falls down diving for the ball .	who falls down diving for the ball ?	boy
15182	Two people are shown walking around with a rug over their shoulders and walk inside a building .	how many people are shown walking around with the rug over their shoulders and walk inside a building ?	two
15185	An older man is seen walking towards the camera and points to various plants around him .	who is seen walking towards the camera and points to various plants around him ?	man
15186	The camera pans around the area with all the plants growing and shows the man holding a tool .	what pans around the area with all the plants growing and shows the man holding a tool ?	camera
15186	The camera pans around the area with all the plants growing and shows the man holding a tool .	who does the camera show holding a tool ?	man
15186	The camera pans around the area with all the plants growing and shows the man holding a tool .	the camera pans around the area with all the plants growing and shows the man holding what ?	tool
15187	The man then uses the tool along a hedge of bushes while looking back and smiling to the camera .	who then uses the tool along a hedge of bushes while looking back and smiling to the camera ?	man
15187	The man then uses the tool along a hedge of bushes while looking back and smiling to the camera .	what does the man then use along a hedge of bushes ?	tool
15188	A young girl is seen speaking to the camera standing before a game of hop scotch drawn out .	who is seen speaking to the camera standing before a game of hop scotch drawn out ?	girl
15189	The girl then throws a rock and hops to end while grabbing it and hopping back .	who then throws the rock and hops to end while grabbing it and hopping back ?	girl
15189	The girl then throws a rock and hops to end while grabbing it and hopping back .	what does the girl then throw ?	rock
15190	A woman is standing behind a vacuum .	who is standing behind the vacuum ?	woman
15195	The man using a torch to light a spark on the machine in front of him .	who is using a torch to light a spark on the machine in front of him ?	man
15195	The man using a torch to light a spark on the machine in front of him .	what is the man using ?	torch
15197	There are two body builders dressed in a black shirts demonstrating weightlifting in a gym .	how many body builders are there dressed in a black shirts demonstrating weightlifting in a gym ?	two
15197	There are two body builders dressed in a black shirts demonstrating weightlifting in a gym .	what is the color of the shirts ?	black
15200	The other bodybuilder continues to explain the weightlifting strategies that is used professionally .	who continues to explain the weightlifting strategies that is used professionally ?	bodybuilder
15201	A young child is seen sitting on a swing set when an older man steps behind him and pushes .	who is seen sitting on the swing set when an older man steps behind him and pushes ?	child
15202	The boy moves back and fourth on the swing and leads to the boy jumping off and the man looking surprised .	who moves back and fourth on the swing and leads to the boy jumping off and the man looking surprised ?	boy
15203	A man is shown outside in a kid park with grey shorts on a a pair of black and white Puma sneakers .	who is shown outside in the kid park with grey shorts on a a pair of black and white puma sneakers ?	man
15203	A man is shown outside in a kid park with grey shorts on a a pair of black and white Puma sneakers .	what is the color of the shorts ?	gray
15206	A man is talking and standing in a kitchen wearing a white robe and a lot of colorful vegetables in front of him .	who is talking and standing in the kitchen wearing a white robe and a lot of colorful vegetables in front of him ?	man
15206	A man is talking and standing in a kitchen wearing a white robe and a lot of colorful vegetables in front of him .	what is the color of the robe ?	white
15206	A man is talking and standing in a kitchen wearing a white robe and a lot of colorful vegetables in front of him .	where is the man talking and standing wearing a white robe and a lot of colorful vegetables in front of him . ?	kitchen
15207	Now the vegetables are gone and the man is now scooping something from a little bowl onto a white plate that is sitting on a wooden cutting board .	what are now gone and the man is now scooping something from a little bowl onto a white plate that is sitting on a wooden cutting board ?	vegetables
15207	Now the vegetables are gone and the man is now scooping something from a little bowl onto a white plate that is sitting on a wooden cutting board .	who are now the vegetables gone and is now scooping something from a little bowl onto a white plate that is sitting on a wooden cutting board ?	man
15207	Now the vegetables are gone and the man is now scooping something from a little bowl onto a white plate that is sitting on a wooden cutting board .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
15208	The man then begins to break the contents up with his utensil and then his hands until they are into separate pieces .	who then begins to break the contents up with his utensil and then his hands until they are into separate pieces ?	man
15212	Kids are riding bicycles around a dirt track .	what are kids riding around a dirt track ?	bicycles
15216	A group of dancers in red outfits dance on stage .	what is the color of the outfits ?	red
15217	A group of cheerleaders in pink stand on a field while a group in white walk up to great the coach .	what is the color of the group ?	white
15218	A solo woman in a red blouse discusses the events in a room with lit up letters in the background .	what is the color of the blouse ?	red
15218	A solo woman in a red blouse discusses the events in a room with lit up letters in the background .	where does the solo woman discuss the events in a room with lit up letters in the background . ?	blouse
15222	The women in white uniforms dance on the field .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	white
15223	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
15225	The man then pushes the pipe down and nails it .	who then pushes the pipe down and nails it ?	man
15225	The man then pushes the pipe down and nails it .	the man then pushes what down ?	pipe
15226	The man add tar to the pipe base and nails shingles down around it .	who add tar to the pipe base and nails shingles down around it ?	man
15227	The man then puts tar under the top shingle .	who then puts tar under the top shingle ?	man
15229	A camera pans away from a road and shows a person 's feet moving around .	what pans away from the road and shows a person 's feet moving around ?	camera
15232	A strong man is lifting his legs up and down across parallel bars .	who is lifting his legs up and down across parallel bars ?	man
15237	A man does dips on the parallel bars .	who does dips on the parallel bars ?	man
15238	Another man does dips down to his elbows on the parallel bars .	who does dips down to his elbows on the parallel bars ?	man
15238	Another man does dips down to his elbows on the parallel bars .	what does another man do down to his elbows on the parallel bars ?	dips
15240	A man does dips with his body in front of the bar and legs swoops underneath the bar .	who does dips with his body in front of the bar and legs swoops underneath the bar ?	man
15240	A man does dips with his body in front of the bar and legs swoops underneath the bar .	what does the man do with his body in front of the bar and legs swoops underneath the bar ?	dips
15243	A different man does leg dips , swings his legs up and around each parallel bar and pushes forward across the parallel bars .	who does leg dips , swings his legs up and around each parallel bar and pushes forward across the parallel bars ?	man
15243	A different man does leg dips , swings his legs up and around each parallel bar and pushes forward across the parallel bars .	what does the different man do ?	dips
15246	A different man keeps his legs straight out and moves them across each bar .	who keeps his legs straight out and moves them across each bar ?	man
15247	A different man brings his legs straight up into a V-shape on the bars .	who brings his legs straight up into a v-shape on the bars ?	man
15251	A different man starts to swing his body from under the bars and presses himself up and over the bars .	who starts to swing his body from under the bars and presses himself up and over the bars ?	man
15252	A person ski over a ski rail and spins in the air , then land stand on the snow .	what do the person ski over , then land stand on the snow ?	rail
15252	A person ski over a ski rail and spins in the air , then land stand on the snow .	the person ski over a ski rail and spins in the air , then what stand on the snow ?	land
15253	The person ski over a ramp and fly in the air very high .	what do the person ski over ?	ramp
15256	A gymnast mounts a low beam in front of a crowd .	who mounts the low beam in front of a crowd ?	gymnast
15259	A man is seen sitting on a horse with a rope in his hands .	who is seen sitting on the horse with a rope in his hands ?	man
15262	A man is leaning over a pool table , hitting the ball with his cue .	who is leaning over the pool table , hitting the ball with his cue ?	man
15265	Two men are in the middle of the court fighting one another .	how many men are in the middle of the court fighting one another ?	two
15270	The man begins with his back to the camera and stands facing the city skyline from the roof top .	who begins with his back to the camera and stands facing the city skyline from the roof top ?	man
15271	The man then begins a series of high kicks , handless back flips , and breakdance moves .	who then begins the series of high kicks , handless back flips , and breakdance moves ?	man
15272	We see a man talking to a camera .	who do we see talking to a camera ?	man
15274	The men play rock paper scissors .	what do the men play ?	scissors
15276	We see the man high five each other .	who do we see high five each other ?	man
15279	Ladies bring a big check to the man in red .	what do ladies bring to the man in red ?	check
15284	A woman is seen dancing in the street placing an instrument while others watch on the side .	who is seen dancing in the street placing an instrument while others watch on the side ?	woman
15285	The woman continues to play the instrument while moving her leg up and down and the people clap for her on the side .	who continues to play the instrument while moving her leg up and down and the people clap for her on the side ?	woman
15287	The boy then begins playing the instrument while looking away from the camera .	who then begins playing the instrument while looking away from the camera ?	boy
15288	The boy continues to play while looking around the room and pulling the accordion around .	who continues to play while looking around the room and pulling the accordion around ?	boy
15289	A girl lifts her arm and prepares to mount the balance beam in an arena .	who lifts her arm and prepares to mount the balance beam in an arena ?	girl
15290	The girl get on and performs a routine on the balance beam .	who get on and performs the routine on the balance beam ?	girl
15291	The girl is laying on the beam and does a flip to the standing position .	who is laying on the beam and does a flip to the standing position ?	girl
15292	The girl flips across the beam .	who flips across the beam ?	girl
15293	The girl runs flips and dismounts the beam .	who flips and dismounts the beam ?	runs
15295	A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding a sharpening tool in her hands .	who is seen speaking to the camera holding a sharpening tool in her hands ?	woman
15297	A baton twirler is standing on the gym floor .	who is standing on the gym floor ?	twirler
15302	She drops her baton and goes after it .	what does she drop ?	baton
15304	She drops the baton again .	what does she drop again ?	baton
15305	She now has two batons and is twirling and dancing and throwing them in the air .	she now has what ?	batons
15305	She now has two batons and is twirling and dancing and throwing them in the air .	she now has how many batons ?	two
15307	She picked it up and added a third baton and finished her routine .	she added what and finished her routine ?	baton
15308	old man is holding a green pole hitting a pinata in the middle of a room .	who is holding the green pole hitting a pinata in the middle of a room ?	man
15308	old man is holding a green pole hitting a pinata in the middle of a room .	what is old man holding ?	pole
15308	old man is holding a green pole hitting a pinata in the middle of a room .	what is the color of the pole ?	green
15309	little kids are dancin and jumpin behind the man .	who are dancin and jumpin behind the man ?	kids
15310	man givs the pole to a kid and other kids stands behind him .	who givs the pole to a kid and other kids stands behind him ?	man
15310	man givs the pole to a kid and other kids stands behind him .	what does man givs to a kid and other kids stands behind him ?	pole
15310	man givs the pole to a kid and other kids stands behind him .	who does man givs the pole to a kid and stands behind him ?	kids
15311	There are some people knitting with yarn and knitting needles at a cultural center .	there are some people knitting with yarn and knitting what at a cultural center ?	needles
15313	A finished gray sweater with black embroidery is shown .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
15313	A finished gray sweater with black embroidery is shown .	what is the color of the embroidery ?	black
15314	A women representing The Daily news channel is talking about the sweater and then she wears it .	who are representing the daily news channel is talking about the sweater and then she wears it ?	women
15316	There 's a man named John George talking about his knitting experience in the class .	who does there 's named john george talking about his knitting experience in the class ?	man
15320	The news reporter wears the gray sweater and looks very happy in it .	who wears the gray sweater and looks very happy in it ?	reporter
15320	The news reporter wears the gray sweater and looks very happy in it .	what does the news reporter wear ?	sweater
15320	The news reporter wears the gray sweater and looks very happy in it .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
15321	Two people are fencing in a polka dot walled room , while dressed in fencing gear and fencing masks including a fencing weapon .	how many people are fencing in the polka dot walled room , while dressed in fencing gear and fencing masks including a fencing weapon ?	two
15322	An animated graphic populates displaying the physique of the two fencers in a grid pattern with the two animated figures exhibiting some fence/weapon movement .	what populates displaying the physique of the two fencers in a grid pattern with the two animated figures exhibiting some fence/weapon movement ?	graphic
15324	The two people dressed in fencing outfits begin to fence in a demonstration .	how many people dressed in fencing outfits begin to fence in a demonstration ?	two
15329	Two people are seen sitting behind a counter when one moves back and fourth and prepares himself .	how many people are seen sitting behind the counter when one moves back and fourth and prepares himself ?	two
15330	The man then solves a rubix cube while a timer is going and he puts a blindfold over his eyes and a person puts paper in front .	who then solves the rubix cube while a timer is going and he puts a blindfold over his eyes and a person puts paper in front ?	man
15330	The man then solves a rubix cube while a timer is going and he puts a blindfold over his eyes and a person puts paper in front .	what does the man then solve ?	cube
15333	They are putting equipment around each other 's bodies to protect them .	what are they putting around each other 's bodies to protect them ?	equipment
15337	A man is seen looking to the camera wile holding a razor .	who is seen looking to the camera wile holding a razor ?	man
15341	The man then gets up on the skis and rides along the water behind a boat .	who then gets up on the skis and rides along the water behind a boat ?	man
15343	A woman walks out holding a hula hoop .	who walks out holding the hula hoop ?	woman
15345	She spins , flips , and does cartwheels while using the hoop .	what does she do while using the hoop ?	cartwheels
15347	man weaing a green shirt is standing next to a little girl .	who is weaing a green shirt is standing next to a little girl ?	man
15347	man weaing a green shirt is standing next to a little girl .	man weaing what is standing next to a little girl ?	shirt
15347	man weaing a green shirt is standing next to a little girl .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
15348	girl wearing glasses is talking to the camera .	who is wearing glasses is talking to the camera ?	girl
15348	girl wearing glasses is talking to the camera .	girl wearing what is talking to the camera ?	glasses
15349	the man and the girl are drinking from a white cup .	what is the color of the cup ?	white
15350	the girl holds the drink in her mouth and spit it on the grass and the man do the same .	who holds the drink in her mouth and spit it on the grass and the man do the same ?	girl
15350	the girl holds the drink in her mouth and spit it on the grass and the man do the same .	the girl holds the drink in her mouth and spit it on the grass and who do the same ?	man
15351	A girl walks to the end of a diving board and lifts her hands .	who walks to the end of a diving board and lifts her hands ?	girl
15352	The girl jumps on the diving board to prepare herself .	who jumps on the diving board to prepare herself ?	girl
15353	The girl then does a backwards flipping dive into the pool .	who then does the backwards flipping dive into the pool ?	girl
15353	The girl then does a backwards flipping dive into the pool .	what does the girl then do into the pool ?	dive
15354	A man is blowing a whislet in front of a room filled with people .	who is blowing the whislet in front of a room filled with people ?	man
15355	They are playing beer pong with several red solo cups , drinking in between plays .	what are they playing with several red solo cups , ?	pong
15355	They are playing beer pong with several red solo cups , drinking in between plays .	what is the color of the cups ?	red
15356	A blonde woman watches as a man wins the game , hugging the woman next to him .	who watches as the man wins the game , hugging the woman next to him ?	woman
15357	The camera pans over a grass field surrounded by a track , with people doing indistinct things in the background .	what pans over the grass field surrounded by a track , with people doing indistinct things in the background ?	camera
15358	A man is shown engaging in shot put .	who is shown engaging in shot put ?	man
15359	Judges measure the man 's throw .	who do judges measure throw ?	man
15362	Two children in pajamas hang Christmas ornaments from a tree .	what do two children in pajamas hang from a tree ?	ornaments
15362	Two children in pajamas hang Christmas ornaments from a tree .	how many children in pajamas hang christmas ornaments from a tree ?	two
15363	A fake bat bursts out of the Christmas tree and scares the children .	what bursts out of the christmas tree and scares the children ?	bat
15363	A fake bat bursts out of the Christmas tree and scares the children .	who does the fake bat scar ?	children
15365	He goes over the door window and then uses another gadget after to wipe down the soap .	he then uses what after ?	gadget
15367	The window looks very clean and nice once he is down doing all of that .	what looks very clean and nice once he is down doing all of that ?	window
15369	Then , the cheerleaders make a tower and then jump , then they do cartwheels .	then , who make the tower and then jump , then they do cartwheels ?	cheerleaders
15369	Then , the cheerleaders make a tower and then jump , then they do cartwheels .	what do then , the cheerleaders make , then they do cartwheels ?	tower
15369	Then , the cheerleaders make a tower and then jump , then they do cartwheels .	then , the cheerleaders make a tower and then jump , then they do what ?	cartwheels
15370	Two cheerleaders get up in a tower and then flips and fall on the arms of people .	who get up in the tower and then flips and fall on the arms of people ?	cheerleaders
15370	Two cheerleaders get up in a tower and then flips and fall on the arms of people .	how many cheerleaders get up in the tower and then flips and fall on the arms of people ?	two
15370	Two cheerleaders get up in a tower and then flips and fall on the arms of people .	where do two cheerleaders get up . ?	tower
15371	The girls do again a tower and then spin and jump .	who do again the tower and then spin and jump ?	girls
15372	The cheerleaders raise the girls up and then flip down , then they continue performing .	who raise the girls up and then flip down , then they continue performing ?	cheerleaders
15372	The cheerleaders raise the girls up and then flip down , then they continue performing .	who do the cheerleaders raise up , then they continue performing ?	girls
15373	Two men are long boarding down a hill .	how many men are long boarding down the hill ?	two
15376	A man in a green shirt is sitting on the ground with his long board in front of him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
15378	The person rolls the dough and cuts it into little pieces and flattens the tiny balls out using their hands .	what does the person roll ?	dough
15378	The person rolls the dough and cuts it into little pieces and flattens the tiny balls out using their hands .	the person cuts it into little pieces and flattens what out using their hands ?	balls
15379	The person uses a fork to put lines in the dough .	what does the person use ?	fork
15380	Then the person puts the cookies on a baking sheet in a pan and bakes them for 15 minutes .	what does then the person put on a baking sheet in a pan ?	cookies
15381	Then takes the cookies out when they 're done .	what does then take out ?	cookies
15382	A person flips and throw to the air a hula ring , then the woman pass the hula ring through her body .	the person flips and throw to the air a hula ring , then who pass the hula ring through her body ?	woman
15383	After , the woman pass the hula ring around her waist fast .	who do after , pass the hula ring around her waist fast ?	woman
15384	Then , the woman does an exercise with her feet and body .	who does then , do an exercise with her feet and body ?	woman
15385	Several news logos are shown and then a male reporter shows up talking behind his desk .	who are shown and then the male reporter shows up talking behind his desk ?	logos
15385	Several news logos are shown and then a male reporter shows up talking behind his desk .	who are several news logos shown and then shows up talking behind his desk ?	reporter
15386	The camera then flips to a woman and she begins doing interviews with men who were playing a game of soccer .	what then flips to the woman and she begins doing interviews with men who were playing a game of soccer ?	camera
15387	Many quarters are being played and after the goals are made , the players start to jump on each other 's back and jump for joy and show their happiness .	what are being played and after the goals are made , the players start to jump on each other 's back and jump for joy and show their happiness ?	quarters
15388	Two men perform kick box in a room while a man supervise the moves .	what do two men perform kick in a room ?	box
15388	Two men perform kick box in a room while a man supervise the moves .	how many men perform kick box in a room while a man supervise the moves ?	two
15388	Two men perform kick box in a room while a man supervise the moves .	where do two men perform kick box while a man supervise the moves . ?	room
15390	A little child pass on front the men .	who pass on front the men ?	child
15391	A woman walks and stand on front the men .	who walks and stand on front the men ?	woman
15392	A large man is standing on a circular dome in a field .	who is standing on the circular dome in a field ?	man
15393	He holds a steel ball on a rope as he talks .	what does he hold on a rope ?	ball
15395	He lets go , and the ball flies far across the field as he walks away .	what does he let go , and flies far across the field as he walks away ?	ball
15396	A mom is sitting at the top of a slide with her little baby .	who is sitting at the top of a slide with her little baby ?	mom
15400	A boy is standing in the middle of a parking lot .	who is standing in the middle of a parking lot ?	boy
15401	He is wearing a hat with a feather in it and sunglasses .	what is he wearing with a feather in it and sunglasses ?	hat
15402	He is playing a bagpipe .	what is he playing ?	bagpipe
15403	A man is seen kicking a soccer ball on his feet and gradually passing it to a wall .	who is seen kicking the soccer ball on his feet and gradually passing it to a wall ?	man
15404	The man continues kicking the ball off of his foot and against the wall while the camera captures him .	who continues kicking the ball off of his foot and against the wall while the camera captures him ?	man
15406	man grabbed a fish from the ice and lay on the floor .	who grabbed the fish from the ice and lay on the floor ?	man
15406	man grabbed a fish from the ice and lay on the floor .	what did man grab from the ice ?	fish
15408	The girl then takes another VEET product which turns out to be wiping strips and wipes her legs down , then takes a towel to her legs .	who then takes another veet product which turns out to be wiping strips and wipes her legs down , then takes a towel to her legs ?	girl
15410	A gymnast is doing flips and handsprings on a high bar .	who is doing flips and handsprings on a high bar ?	gymnast
15412	The screen stops as she goes to the top of the beam .	what stops as she goes to the top of the beam ?	screen
15413	A camera pans around a large snowy hill as well as people sitting on a ski lift and riding around a mountain .	what pans around the large snowy hill as well as people sitting on a ski lift and riding around a mountain ?	camera
15417	The man lifts the goggles off of his face and smiles .	who lifts the goggles off of his face and smiles ?	man
15417	The man lifts the goggles off of his face and smiles .	what does the man lift off of his face ?	goggles
15419	A man puts dog treats into another man 's hand .	who puts dog treats into another man 's hand ?	man
15420	The man is walking a dog down the sidewalk .	who is walking the dog down the sidewalk ?	man
15420	The man is walking a dog down the sidewalk .	what is the man walking down the sidewalk ?	dog
15422	A man is seen kneeling down with a razor and looking up towards the camera .	who is seen kneeling down with the razor and looking up towards the camera ?	man
15423	The man shaves off part of his leg and holds up an object while walking away .	who shaves off part of his leg and holds up an object while walking away ?	man
15424	A black screen with a white banner at the bottom has various information that include a website , state , phone number and logo .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
15424	A black screen with a white banner at the bottom has various information that include a website , state , phone number and logo .	what is the color of the banner ?	white
15425	A white screen follows and it includes a logo , name of the products and indicates that this is an `` INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEO '' .	what follows and it includes a logo , name of the products and indicates that this is an `` instructional video '' ?	screen
15425	A white screen follows and it includes a logo , name of the products and indicates that this is an `` INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEO '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
15426	Another white screen appears and a content list appears and there 1-5 .	what appears and the content list appears and there 1-5 ?	screen
15426	Another white screen appears and a content list appears and there 1-5 .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
15427	The woman is now seen at a double glass door as she 's now holding a cloth in her hand to clean the doors and other surfaces .	who is now seen at the double glass door as she 's now holding a cloth in her hand to clean the doors and other surfaces ?	woman
15428	The woman is then shown putting the different clothes into the washer and then hanging her cleaning tool up on the wall .	who is then shown putting the different clothes into the washer and then hanging her cleaning tool up on the wall ?	woman
15429	A black screen appears and it includes the same white banner as it did in the very beginning .	what appears and it includes the same white banner as it did in the very beginning ?	screen
15429	A black screen appears and it includes the same white banner as it did in the very beginning .	what does the black screen appear and it includes ?	banner
15429	A black screen appears and it includes the same white banner as it did in the very beginning .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
15429	A black screen appears and it includes the same white banner as it did in the very beginning .	what is the color of the banner ?	white
15430	A man is rubbing his hands in a frantic manner as he stands next to a female .	who is rubbing his hands in a frantic manner as he stands next to a female ?	man
15431	The camera shifts and you can see he is in a casino playing a game of Black Jack .	what shifts and you can see he is in a casino playing a game of black jack ?	camera
15434	A man is laying on a slack line over the water .	who is laying on the slack line over the water ?	man
15435	A person is playing the guitar sitting on a rock .	what is the person playing sitting on a rock ?	guitar
15438	A young woman holding a baby walks to a swing and puts the baby in the swing .	who is holding a baby walks to a swing and puts the baby in the swing ?	woman
15438	A young woman holding a baby walks to a swing and puts the baby in the swing .	the young woman holding who walks to a swing and puts the baby in the swing ?	baby
15440	Another woman walks past with a few kids .	who walks past with a few kids ?	woman
15441	The woman on the swing swings the baby while talking to him and making faces at him .	who does the woman on the swing swing ?	baby
15442	A man shows how to change a tube in a tire .	who shows how to change the tube in a tire ?	man
15442	A man shows how to change a tube in a tire .	where does the man show how to change a tube . ?	tire
15448	He hands the hose to a girl sitting who takes a few rips and the man is shown speaking to the camera .	what does he hand to a girl sitting who takes a few rips and the man is shown speaking to the camera ?	hose
15449	the girls hands the hose to other one sitting while she takes a few hits and passes it back to the other person .	who hands the hose to other one sitting while she takes a few hits and passes it back to the other person ?	girls
15449	the girls hands the hose to other one sitting while she takes a few hits and passes it back to the other person .	what does the girls hand to other one sitting while she takes a few hits and passes it back to the other person ?	hose
15450	Two boys skateboard through the streets at different times wearing helmets .	who skateboard through the streets at different times wearing helmets ?	boys
15450	Two boys skateboard through the streets at different times wearing helmets .	how many boys skateboard through the streets at different times wearing helmets ?	two
15451	A skateboarder in a blue t-shirt and black helmet skateboards through streets bordering countrysides and residential neighborhoods .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	blue
15451	A skateboarder in a blue t-shirt and black helmet skateboards through streets bordering countrysides and residential neighborhoods .	what is the color of the helmet ?	black
15452	A skateboarder wearing all black falls off of the skateboard onto the paved street , gets up and walks off .	who is wearing all black falls off of the skateboard onto the paved street , gets up and walks off ?	skateboarder
15452	A skateboarder wearing all black falls off of the skateboard onto the paved street , gets up and walks off .	what is the color of the skateboarder ?	black
15453	A man is seen with a rope in his mouth and rides in on a horse immediately roping a calf .	who is seen with the rope in his mouth and rides in on a horse immediately roping a calf ?	man
15454	He throws the calf down and ties him up , followed by several other men performing the same trick at different speeds .	what does he throw down ?	calf
15455	A woman cleans a cafeteria floor with a mop while occasionally talking to the camera .	who cleans the cafeteria floor with a mop while occasionally talking to the camera ?	woman
15455	A woman cleans a cafeteria floor with a mop while occasionally talking to the camera .	what does the woman clean with a mop while occasionally talking to the camera ?	floor
15456	The woman walks to and cleans a different part of the cafeteria floor .	who walks to and cleans the different part of the cafeteria floor ?	woman
15457	The woman plunges the mop head into a bucket .	who plunges the mop head into a bucket ?	woman
15459	The woman talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	woman
15460	A man is standing next a brown horse .	who is standing next the brown horse ?	man
15460	A man is standing next a brown horse .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
15462	The horses are getting a drink of water .	what are getting the drink of water ?	horses
15464	A picture of a brown house is shown .	what is the color of the house ?	brown
15465	An intro begins for DX sports and shows two men skating down a road .	how many men does an intro show skating down a road ?	two
15468	A man shows a boot and shining tools .	who shows the boot and shining tools ?	man
15469	Then , the man cleans the shoe with a cloth .	who does then , clean the shoe with a cloth ?	man
15470	After , the man points the tip of the shoe and applies black paint and shows insoles .	after , who points the tip of the shoe and applies black paint and shows insoles ?	man
15471	Then , the man polish the shoes using a cream , after spray the shoes .	who do then , polish the shoes using a cream , after spray the shoes ?	man
15472	A kid is sitting behind a drum set .	who is sitting behind the drum set ?	kid
15475	man is playing with a ball making balance with a lacrosse pole .	who is playing with the ball making balance with a lacrosse pole ?	man
15476	little kid grab the ball from the floor with the pole .	who grab the ball from the floor with the pole ?	kid
15476	little kid grab the ball from the floor with the pole .	what do little kid grab from the floor with the pole ?	ball
15477	kid is playing with a ball in a green grassy field .	who is playing with the ball in a green grassy field ?	kid
15477	kid is playing with a ball in a green grassy field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
15480	Skateboarders ride down a forested street one after the other doing skids and hard turns as friends watch along the side .	who ride down the forested street one after the other doing skids and hard turns as friends watch along the side ?	skateboarders
15482	The hosts lead into a large group of people on the stage performing a dance routine with one another .	who lead into the large group of people on the stage performing a dance routine with one another ?	hosts
15484	little kid is playing saxophone in front of a wall .	who is playing saxophone in front of a wall ?	kid
15484	little kid is playing saxophone in front of a wall .	what is little kid playing in front of a wall ?	saxophone
15486	old man kneels and put some coins in he hat of the kid .	who kneels and put some coins in he hat of the kid ?	man
15487	An athletic man is seen standing in a circle with his arms out to the side .	who is seen standing in the circle with his arms out to the side ?	man
15488	The man then begins swinging around an object around and around .	who then begins swinging around an object around and around ?	man
15489	The man continues to spin and ends by throwing it off into the distance .	who continues to spin and ends by throwing it off into the distance ?	man
15490	There are three people playing racquetball on the enclosed court and the view is from the person wearing the camera .	there are three people playing what on the enclosed court and the view is from the person wearing the camera ?	racquetball
15490	There are three people playing racquetball on the enclosed court and the view is from the person wearing the camera .	how many people are there playing racquetball on the enclosed court ?	three
15491	The camera person picks the ball up with racquet balances it on the racquet , rolls it off and then hits to the wall .	what picks the ball up with racquet balances it on the racquet , rolls it off and then hits to the wall ?	person
15492	The view changes to the door and there are two men standing at the door waiting to hit the ball .	how many men are there standing at the door waiting to hit the ball ?	two
15494	We see a man talk standing high above a city .	who do we see standing high above a city ?	talk
15495	We then see motorcycle stunts .	what do we then see ?	stunts
15496	A bike jumps a group of people in a plaza .	what jumps the group of people in a plaza ?	bicycle
15497	We see four bikes jump a ramp one after another .	how many bikes do we see jump a ramp one after another ?	four
15498	We see a man in red talking .	what is the color of the talking ?	red
15499	A man jumps off his bike .	who jumps off his bike ?	man
15499	A man jumps off his bike .	what does the man jump off ?	bicycle
15500	A man kisses a woman on his bike .	who kisses the woman on his bike ?	man
15502	A bike is kicking up smoke .	what is kicking up smoke ?	bicycle
15503	A man puts his arm in the air .	who puts his arm in the air ?	man
15507	The video continues and the majorette girls begin dancing .	who does the video continue and begin dancing ?	girls
15509	Two boys are raking leaves in a yard using large green and red rakes .	who are raking leaves in a yard using large green and red rakes ?	boys
15509	Two boys are raking leaves in a yard using large green and red rakes .	what are two boys raking in a yard using large green and red rakes ?	leaves
15509	Two boys are raking leaves in a yard using large green and red rakes .	how many boys are raking leaves in a yard using large green and red rakes ?	two
15510	A dog continuously runs through the leaves , messing them up .	what continuously runs through the leaves , messing them up ?	dog
15511	The boys laugh and keep trying to rake the leaves .	who laugh and keep trying to rake the leaves ?	boys
15514	A camera pans all around a yard and shows two dogs on leashes .	what pans all around a yard and shows two dogs on leashes ?	camera
15514	A camera pans all around a yard and shows two dogs on leashes .	how many dogs does the camera show on leashes ?	two
15515	The dogs move with the person as cars move in and out of frame .	what move with the person as cars move in and out of frame ?	dogs
15516	The camera pans around the sky in the end .	what pans around the sky in the end ?	camera
15517	1 The opening of the video .	1 what of the video ?	opening
15518	2 a girl does a lot of flips on the bars .	who does 2 do the lot of flips on the bars ?	girl
15519	A little girl is in a kitchen talking .	who is in the kitchen talking ?	girl
15520	The girl mixes several things from small bowls in a bigger bowl .	who mixes several things from small bowls in a bigger bowl ?	girl
15521	An adult helps the girl spray her baking pans .	who helps the girl spray her baking pans ?	adult
15522	The girl puts her mixture into the pans and puts them in an easy bake oven .	who puts her mixture into the pans and puts them in an easy bake oven ?	girl
15522	The girl puts her mixture into the pans and puts them in an easy bake oven .	where does the girl put them . ?	oven
15523	The girl then removes what she made from the oven .	who then removes what she made from the oven ?	girl
15524	A younger boy watches while eating a cupcake .	who watches while eating the cupcake ?	boy
15525	The young girls cuts the desert she made and eats it .	who cuts the desert she made and eats it ?	girls
15526	A man is seen speaking to the camera while a woman works out on a machine in front of him and adjusts the settings .	who is seen speaking to the camera while a woman works out on a machine in front of him and adjusts the settings ?	man
15527	The man continues moving on the machine showing off it 's different settings while the man continues to speak to the camera .	who continues moving on the machine showing off it 's different settings while the man continues to speak to the camera ?	man
15529	She slide tiles onto the roof and nail them into place .	what do she slide onto the roof ?	tiles
15531	A man reaches for the chain on the camels mouth as the camel sits .	who reaches for the chain on the camels mouth as the camel sits ?	man
15533	The second camel holding the next couple starts to sit on the ground .	what is holding the next couple starts to sit on the ground ?	camel
15534	A woman braids her hair slowly .	who braids her hair slowly ?	woman
15537	Then , the boy puts the potato and the peeler over the counter , but again he takes it .	who does then , put the potato and the peeler over the counter , but again he takes it ?	boy
15538	The woman finishes to cut the potato .	who finishes to cut the potato ?	woman
15539	A little boy playing on a jungle gym .	who is playing on a jungle gym ?	boy
15542	Another boy is shown playing in the grass .	who is shown playing in the grass ?	boy
15543	Now the first boy is being picked up by a woman .	who is now being picked up by the woman ?	boy
15545	The boy likes playing with a large wheel on the playground .	who likes playing with the large wheel on the playground ?	boy
15550	The camera then shows handicap individuals playing a game where they are sitting in a wheelchair pushing puck like objects with handles .	what then shows handicap individuals playing a game where they are sitting in a wheelchair pushing puck like objects with handles ?	camera
15551	A man is then shown and begins talking describing the game that is taking place .	who is then shown and begins talking describing the game that is taking place ?	man
15553	The woman then pulls out a rag and wipes off the table .	who then pulls out the rag and wipes off the table ?	woman
15553	The woman then pulls out a rag and wipes off the table .	what does the woman then pull out ?	rag
15556	A woman sits by the beach applying sunscreen to the top of her back .	who sits by the beach applying sunscreen to the top of her back ?	woman
15557	An air balloon flies through the air .	what flies through the air ?	balloon
15558	A dj is seen spinning a disc .	who is seen spinning the disc ?	dj
15559	A woman walks her suitcase .	who walks her suitcase ?	woman
15559	A woman walks her suitcase .	what does the woman walk ?	suitcase
15560	Some graphic cars crash into each other .	what crash into each other ?	cars
15562	Three different women are shown in succession .	who are shown in succession ?	women
15562	Three different women are shown in succession .	how many different women are shown in succession ?	three
15563	Each woman is seated , playing drums and cymbals .	who is seated , playing drums and cymbals ?	woman
15566	First the woman adds 1 cup of sugar to 1/4 cup of vegetable oil and she puts it in a mixing bowl .	who does first add 1 cup of sugar to 1/4 cup of vegetable oil and she puts it in a mixing bowl ?	woman
15566	First the woman adds 1 cup of sugar to 1/4 cup of vegetable oil and she puts it in a mixing bowl .	how many cup does the woman add of sugar to 1/4 cup of vegetable oil ?	one
15566	First the woman adds 1 cup of sugar to 1/4 cup of vegetable oil and she puts it in a mixing bowl .	where does first the woman add 1 cup of sugar to 1/4 cup of vegetable oil and she puts it . ?	bowl
15567	then she mixes the sugar until it dissolves and he adds 1 whole cup of milk along with two teaspoons of lemon juice .	what does then she mix and he adds 1 whole cup of milk along with two teaspoons of lemon juice ?	sugar
15567	then she mixes the sugar until it dissolves and he adds 1 whole cup of milk along with two teaspoons of lemon juice .	how many whole cup does he add of milk along with two teaspoons of lemon juice ?	one
15569	Finally , she pours the mix into a microwavable safe dish and it 's done .	what does finally , she pour into a microwavable safe dish and it 's done ?	mix
15571	A man wearing sunglasses is talking to the camera .	who is wearing sunglasses is talking to the camera ?	man
15571	A man wearing sunglasses is talking to the camera .	the man wearing what is talking to the camera ?	sunglasses
15575	A man sitting on an exercise equipment .	who is sitting on an exercise equipment ?	man
15576	He put his feet on a holder , and put the strap on .	what do he put on ?	strap
15577	He pull the bar , at the same time pushed his legs .	what do he pull , at the same time pushed his legs ?	bar
15580	After , the woman shows the battery of the vacuum and then she keeps it .	who does after , show the battery of the vacuum and then she keeps it ?	woman
15582	There 's a woman in a green swim suit who dives down into the pool .	what is the color of the suit ?	green
15589	A diver stretches out on a high dive platform bending at the waist .	who stretches out on the high dive platform bending at the waist ?	diver
15590	The diver towels off then tosses down her towel and approaches the end of the diving board for a first attempt .	what off then tosses down her towel and approaches the end of the diving board for a first attempt ?	towels
15591	The diver makes multiple dives doing flips in the air before landing in the water .	who makes multiple dives doing flips in the air before landing in the water ?	diver
15593	A young man stretches in front of it .	who stretches in front of it ?	man
15596	A boy is seated at a table in a crowded room .	who is seated at the table in a crowded room ?	boy
15598	He times himself as he finishes the cube , tossing it down on the table .	what does he times himself as he finish , ?	cube
15600	A contact lens container is then filled with contact solution and the contacts into both sides of the container .	what is contact then filled with contact solution and the contacts into both sides of the container ?	container
15603	They move the leaves into a firepit , burning them .	what do they move into a firepit , ?	leaves
15605	The crowd congratulates the winner .	who does the crowd congratulate ?	winner
15606	The two boys shake hands after the match .	who shake hands after the match ?	boys
15606	The two boys shake hands after the match .	how many boys shake hands after the match ?	two
15607	A young boy is seen wearing a helmet , speaking to the camera , and holding up pads .	who is seen wearing the helmet , speaking to the camera , and holding up pads ?	boy
15608	The boy is then shown in various clips riding around on the board while also speaking to the camera .	who is then shown in various clips riding around on the board while also speaking to the camera ?	boy
15609	The boy demonstrates how to perform proper skating moves while bending down and grabbing his board .	who demonstrates how to perform proper skating moves while bending down and grabbing his board ?	boy
15610	A man talks on a telephone .	who talks on the telephone ?	man
15611	The man puts a cigarette in his mouth .	who puts the cigarette in his mouth ?	man
15612	The man lights the cigarette .	the man lights what ?	cigarette
15613	The man removes the cigarette from his mouth and holds it in his hand .	who removes the cigarette from his mouth and holds it in his hand ?	man
15613	The man removes the cigarette from his mouth and holds it in his hand .	what does the man remove from his mouth ?	cigarette
15617	A group of girls play a volley ball game .	what do the group of girls play ?	game
15619	A stadium is seen from above with a large audience .	what is seen from above with the large audience ?	stadium
15620	Gymnasts compete in an event and do stationary platform routine with hand grips .	who compete in an event and do stationary platform routine with hand grips ?	gymnasts
15620	Gymnasts compete in an event and do stationary platform routine with hand grips .	what do gymnasts do with hand grips ?	routine
15622	Athletes give interviews after the competition .	who give interviews after the competition ?	athletes
15623	woman is in front of a mirror make a yawn and drinks mouthwash and spit it in the handwash and smils at the camera .	who is in front of a mirror make a yawn and drinks mouthwash and spit it in the handwash and smils at the camera ?	woman
15625	Several women are seen moving around a gym performing various exercises on a beam .	who are seen moving around the gym performing various exercises on a beam ?	women
15626	The woman continue jumping up and down and leads into one moving a tire around as well as jumping up and down a punching a bag .	who continue jumping up and down and leads into one moving a tire around as well as jumping up and down a punching a bag ?	woman
15626	The woman continue jumping up and down and leads into one moving a tire around as well as jumping up and down a punching a bag .	what does the woman lead into one ?	bag
15627	The coach then speaks to the camera .	who then speaks to the camera ?	coach
15629	The lady ads a scoop of ice cream to a sugar cone .	who a scoop of ice cream to a sugar cone ?	lady
15630	The bald headed man places a menu on the side of the bus .	who places the menu on the side of the bus ?	man
15631	The lady from the ice cream parlour bus hands an ice cream cone to a client .	what does the lady from the ice cream parlour bus hand to a client ?	cone
15635	The man dismounts his board and takes off his helmet before running .	who dismounts his board and takes off his helmet before running ?	man
15636	A woman is seen standing at the end of a diving board with her arms down and facing forward .	who is seen standing at the end of a diving board with her arms down and facing forward ?	woman
15637	The woman then begins jumping up and down on the board and diving back into the water .	who then begins jumping up and down on the board and diving back into the water ?	woman
15640	The camera pans back and fourth between the two and ends with the man speaking to the camera , the woman waving back , and the man soluting .	what pans back and fourth between the two and ends with the man speaking to the camera , the woman waving back , and the man soluting ?	camera
15641	A man is seen wiping down a door and then puts a large poster over the door .	who is seen wiping down the door and then puts a large poster over the door ?	man
15644	The men then hit a ball all around the yard through stands sticking out and speak to one another while drinking water .	what did the men then hit all around the yard through stands sticking out ?	ball
15646	A woman is shown outside high five two kids that are playing near her .	who is shown outside high five two kids that are playing near her ?	woman
15647	The woman helps the girl down and jumps along the ground until she falls .	who helps the girl down and jumps along the ground until she falls ?	woman
15647	The woman helps the girl down and jumps along the ground until she falls .	who does the woman help down ?	girl
15648	A woman stares blankly at the camera .	who stares blankly at the camera ?	woman
15654	A man is standing in a bedroom practicing his violin .	who is standing in the bedroom practicing his violin ?	man
15657	Finally , the man takes a set in the room and begins talking and demonstrating effective ways to hold the violin and play it efficiently .	finally , who takes the set in the room and begins talking and demonstrating effective ways to hold the violin and play it efficiently ?	man
15657	Finally , the man takes a set in the room and begins talking and demonstrating effective ways to hold the violin and play it efficiently .	where does finally , the man take a set . ?	room
15658	We see an opening screen on black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
15659	We see a man and woman washing dishes and talking .	we see a man and woman washing what and talking ?	dishes
15661	We see the ladies image again .	who do we see again ?	image
15662	The lady pops up in the subtitles .	who pops up in the subtitles ?	lady
15665	woman is posing to the camera in a white game in a presentation .	who is posing to the camera in a white game in a presentation ?	woman
15665	woman is posing to the camera in a white game in a presentation .	what is the color of the game ?	white
15666	woman is standing in a kitchen talking to the camera and showing a plate of pasta and the ingedients .	who is standing in the kitchen talking to the camera and showing a plate of pasta and the ingedients ?	woman
15666	woman is standing in a kitchen talking to the camera and showing a plate of pasta and the ingedients .	where is woman standing talking to the camera and showing a plate of pasta and the ingedients . ?	kitchen
15667	woman is chopping vegetables and saute vegetables in a pan .	who is chopping vegetables and saute vegetables in a pan ?	woman
15667	woman is chopping vegetables and saute vegetables in a pan .	where is woman chopping vegetables and saute vegetables . ?	pan
15668	hen mix the vegetables with pasta .	what the vegetables with pasta ?	hen
15671	A lady walks off and returns .	who walks off and returns ?	lady
15677	A young child plays a bagpipe next to an adult bagpiper .	who plays the bagpipe next to an adult bagpiper ?	child
15677	A young child plays a bagpipe next to an adult bagpiper .	what does the young child play next to an adult bagpiper ?	bagpipe
15678	The young bagpiper marches in place while playing his bagpipe while onlookers watch from behind .	what is the young bagpiper marches in place while playing ?	bagpipe
15680	The child finishes playing and walks forward to the camera .	who finishes playing and walks forward to the camera ?	child
15681	A little boy is shown swinging on a swing on the public playground .	who is shown swinging on the swing on the public playground ?	boy
15683	The boy smiles and talks to the person with the camera .	who smiles and talks to the person with the camera ?	boy
15685	A man sits on the sand injured .	who sits on the sand injured ?	man
15686	A marching band plays in the street .	where does the marching band play . ?	street
15689	A man is painting the something on the floor green .	who is painting the something on the floor green ?	man
15695	The coach is giving directions to the team on how to pull the rope .	who is giving directions to the team on how to pull the rope ?	coach
15697	There are spectators watching the event and cheering for the participants .	who are there watching the event and cheering for the participants ?	spectators
15699	The coach continues to encourage the players .	who continues to encourage the players ?	coach
15700	After they win the tug of war , all the spectators run out and hug the players .	, who run out and hug the players ?	spectators
15701	A cameraman takes their pictures .	who takes their pictures ?	cameraman
15703	A woman starts brushing a horse .	who starts brushing the horse ?	woman
15705	She gets a black brush and continues brushing the horse .	what is the color of the brush ?	black
15707	She lifts up the horses foot and cleans the bottom of the foot .	what does she lift up ?	foot
15708	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding a cooking pan out a hot stove .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding a cooking pan out a hot stove ?	man
15709	The man mixes ingredients together into a bowl and pours it into a pan while continuously stirring .	who mixes ingredients together into a bowl and pours it into a pan while continuously stirring ?	man
15709	The man mixes ingredients together into a bowl and pours it into a pan while continuously stirring .	what does the man mix together into a bowl ?	ingredients
15713	A young lady with burnette hair is standing behind a black counter in a bar with several alcohol on it .	what is the color of the counter ?	black
15716	four men are standing on racquetball court .	how many men are standing on racquetball court ?	four
15717	one man serves the ball .	who serves the ball ?	man
15717	one man serves the ball .	what does one man serve ?	ball
15717	one man serves the ball .	how many man serves the ball ?	one
15719	One team scores a point .	how many team scores a point ?	one
15721	A person in an orange protective suit and a metal black mask solders something in an industrial setting .	what is the color of the suit ?	orange
15721	A person in an orange protective suit and a metal black mask solders something in an industrial setting .	what is the color of the mask ?	black
15722	A person stands next to a black box in a metal helmet as fire sparks erupt from a wired box on the right .	what is the color of the box ?	black
15723	A large grey wheel spins behind the worker in the midst of the fire sparks and another worker walking by in a blue protective suit .	what spins behind the worker in the midst of the fire sparks and another worker walking by in a blue protective suit ?	wheel
15723	A large grey wheel spins behind the worker in the midst of the fire sparks and another worker walking by in a blue protective suit .	what is the color of the wheel ?	gray
15723	A large grey wheel spins behind the worker in the midst of the fire sparks and another worker walking by in a blue protective suit .	what is the color of the suit ?	blue
15724	Two women are standing on others ' shoulders .	who are standing on others ' shoulders ?	women
15724	Two women are standing on others ' shoulders .	how many women are standing on others ' shoulders ?	two
15725	They lift another woman into the air , balancing her between them before dropping her to be caught .	who do they lift into the air , ?	woman
15726	However , the girls below are knocked to the ground .	who are however , below knocked to the ground ?	girls
15727	A man cuts into a piece of wood with an ax .	who cuts into the piece of wood with an ax ?	man
15730	A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by several pictures of bearded men .	who is seen speaking to the camera followed by several pictures of bearded men ?	man
15731	The man then begins using scissors on his face while holding up pieces of paper .	who then begins using scissors on his face while holding up pieces of paper ?	man
15732	The man continues to shave his face and ends by waving to the camera .	who continues to shave his face and ends by waving to the camera ?	man
15733	man is standing in the court with a net behind he .	who is standing in the court with a net behind he ?	man
15734	men are playing volyball in a oofed court gym .	where are men playing volyball . ?	gym
15735	A young male athlete is standing in a field and turns backwards in a small circle .	who is standing in the field and turns backwards in a small circle ?	athlete
15738	Two people are raking leaves in a park .	how many people are raking leaves in a park ?	two
15741	The man uses his match to set fire to the wooden logs .	who uses his match to set fire to the wooden logs ?	man
15748	Several more clips are shown of people riding down the mountain from various angles with people yelling and cheering .	what are shown of people riding down the mountain from various angles with people yelling and cheering ?	clips
15751	The first girl jumps back to the start location .	who jumps back to the start location ?	girl
15752	The older girl then goes again .	who then goes again ?	girl
15753	A man demonstrates , through example how to play the recorder .	who demonstrates , through example how to play the recorder ?	man
15754	A man stands in front of two windows covered in closed beige blinds , holding a wooden recorder instrument with both hands in front of him , while talking to the camera .	who stands in front of two windows covered in closed beige blinds , holding a wooden recorder instrument with both hands in front of him , while talking to the camera ?	man
15755	The camera closes up on the body of the wooden recorder as the man begins to play lifting his fingers off of the various hole to make noise .	what closes up on the body of the wooden recorder as the man begins to play lifting his fingers off of the various hole to make noise ?	camera
15756	The camera stays in a close up shot of just the man 's hands and the bottom of the recorder for the rest of the clip .	what stays in the close up shot of just the man 's hands and the bottom of the recorder for the rest of the clip ?	camera
15757	A group of rocks are shown washed up against the banks of a large blue river .	what is the color of the river ?	blue
15758	The camera continues to span the river and a mountain range is shown .	what continues to span the river and a mountain range is shown ?	camera
15758	The camera continues to span the river and a mountain range is shown .	what does the camera continue and is shown ?	range
15759	Another angle is shown and a small circle appears on the screen .	what is shown and the small circle appears on the screen ?	angle
15759	Another angle is shown and a small circle appears on the screen .	what is another angle shown and appears on the screen ?	circle
15760	Two hikers wearing backpacks are visible and show a rope .	who are wearing backpacks are visible and show a rope ?	hikers
15760	Two hikers wearing backpacks are visible and show a rope .	two hikers wearing what are visible and show a rope ?	backpacks
15760	Two hikers wearing backpacks are visible and show a rope .	what are two hikers wearing backpacks are visible and show ?	rope
15760	Two hikers wearing backpacks are visible and show a rope .	how many hikers is wearing backpacks are visible and show a rope ?	two
15761	One man then gets in the water and tightens the ropes around a tree from one side of the water to another and sits on the rope .	who then gets in the water and tightens the ropes around a tree from one side of the water to another and sits on the rope ?	man
15761	One man then gets in the water and tightens the ropes around a tree from one side of the water to another and sits on the rope .	how many man then gets in the water and tightens the ropes around a tree from one side of the water to another and sits on the rope ?	one
15762	The man then stands up and attempts to tight rope across the water but falls into the water .	who then stands up and attempts to tight rope across the water but falls into the water ?	man
15763	A man is seen standing before an exercise beam and begins moving himself on the bars while others practice around him .	who is seen standing before an exercise beam and begins moving himself on the bars while others practice around him ?	man
15764	The man continues to workout on the beam and pauses to speak to the camera while using his hands .	who continues to workout on the beam and pauses to speak to the camera while using his hands ?	man
15767	She wipes down door handles as well and then puts the rags into a washing machine , hanging up the pole in the end .	she wipes then puts what into a washing machine ?	rags
15769	A man who curls in a wheelchair speaks to the camera .	who speaks to the camera ?	man
15769	A man who curls in a wheelchair speaks to the camera .	who does the man curl where speaks to the camera . ?	wheelchair
15770	A man is shown with a puck , performing .	who is shown with the puck , performing ?	man
15775	The cheerleaders begin their routine and it includes a lot of jumping , cheering , flipping , either in sync or separetly , throwing and catching other cheerleaders , and many other moves .	who begin their routine and it includes a lot of jumping , cheering , flipping , either in sync or separetly , throwing and catching other cheerleaders , and many other moves ?	cheerleaders
15779	The sky is shown that leads into a man speaking to the camera with his friend .	what is shown that leads into the man speaking to the camera with his friend ?	sky
15782	A woman talks in a bar , then she puts ice in a stainless steel glass .	where does the woman talks , then she put ice in a stainless steel glass . ?	bar
15783	Then the woman adds to the cup two measures of liquor , juice and sugar .	who does then add to the cup two measures of liquor , juice and sugar ?	woman
15783	Then the woman adds to the cup two measures of liquor , juice and sugar .	how many measures does then the woman add to the cup of liquor , juice and sugar ?	two
15784	After , the woman puts a cup on top and shake it , and serves in a cup with a slice of lemon .	after , who puts the cup on top and shake it , and serves in a cup with a slice of lemon ?	woman
15784	After , the woman puts a cup on top and shake it , and serves in a cup with a slice of lemon .	what does after , the woman put on top ?	cup
15785	A woman in a yellow shirt is holding a bottle in her hand .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
15786	She opens the bottle and pours it into a bucket on the ground .	what does she open ?	bottle
15787	She puts a mop rag into the bucket and puts it on her mop .	what does she put into the bucket ?	rag
15790	The tile screen plays with a picture of a long field .	what plays with the picture of a long field ?	screen
15791	A man walks up with a disk and a dog hold onto it as he passes a few people .	who walks up with the disk and a dog hold onto it as he passes a few people ?	man
15792	The man starts playing with the dog by throwing the think and having him bring it back .	who starts playing with the dog by throwing the think and having him bring it back ?	man
15795	A red ball sits between two poles .	what sits between two poles ?	ball
15795	A red ball sits between two poles .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
15797	Two shoes sit on either side .	how many shoes sit on either side ?	two
15798	The bat strikes the ball .	what strikes the ball ?	bat
15798	The bat strikes the ball .	what does the bat strike ?	ball
15799	A man leans forward as a baby in a swing tries to grab and chew on his hair .	who leans forward as the baby in a swing tries to grab and chew on his hair ?	man
15804	They are using a rake to rake leaves .	who are they using to rake leaves ?	rake
15805	A man walks by as they rake .	who walks by as they rake ?	man
15806	A woman is seen standing behind a counter speaking to the camera and then beginning to peel a potato .	who is seen standing behind the counter speaking to the camera and then beginning to peel a potato ?	woman
15808	Young men an a car talk and play around before arriving at the ski slope .	what do young men talk and play around before arriving at the ski slope ?	car
15810	A man jumps a ramp and falls to the ground .	who jumps the ramp and falls to the ground ?	man
15810	A man jumps a ramp and falls to the ground .	what does the man jump ?	ramp
15812	The last boy removes his helmet , shakes his hair and smiles at the camera .	who removes his helmet , shakes his hair and smiles at the camera ?	boy
15812	The last boy removes his helmet , shakes his hair and smiles at the camera .	what does the last boy remove ?	helmet
15814	A man is standing behind a woman sitting in a chair .	who is standing behind the woman sitting in a chair ?	man
15815	He is putting a product into her hair .	what is he putting into her hair ?	product
15818	A woman holds a flute and practices the keys while lying down .	who holds the flute and practices the keys while lying down ?	woman
15818	A woman holds a flute and practices the keys while lying down .	what does the woman hold ?	flute
15818	A woman holds a flute and practices the keys while lying down .	what does the woman practice while lying down ?	keys
15820	A woman plays the flute with exaggerated blowing .	who plays the flute with exaggerated blowing ?	woman
15821	A woman plays a flute in a room with other instruments hanging in the background .	who plays the flute in a room with other instruments hanging in the background ?	woman
15822	The two women play flutes together .	who play flutes together ?	women
15822	The two women play flutes together .	what do the two women play together ?	flutes
15822	The two women play flutes together .	how many women play flutes together ?	two
15823	The woman shake their hands with a cramp .	who shake their hands with a cramp ?	woman
15825	man in the bed stands and talk to a woman and remove the fake tattoo sleeves .	man in the bed talk to a woman and remove what ?	sleeves
15827	Then men hit the ball all around the room while running to each side to hit the ball .	what did then men hit all around the room while running to each side to hit the ball ?	ball
15828	A man closing his house door and then opening his car door .	who closing his house door and then opening his car door ?	man
15828	A man closing his house door and then opening his car door .	what is the man closing ?	door
15828	A man closing his house door and then opening his car door .	the man then opening what ?	door
15829	He gets in the car and puts the keys in the ignition and starts driving down the highway to his shop .	he puts what in the ignition and starts driving down the highway to his shop ?	keys
15829	He gets in the car and puts the keys in the ignition and starts driving down the highway to his shop .	where does he get . ?	car
15832	A guy is skiing with a camera on his helmet to show us what he is seeing as he ski .	who is skiing with the camera on his helmet to show us what he is seeing as he ski ?	guy
15833	the guy ski down the hill and passes a guy that was in front of him .	who ski down the hill and passes a guy that was in front of him ?	guy
15833	the guy ski down the hill and passes a guy that was in front of him .	who does the guy pass ?	guy
15834	As the guy skis he start to come cross other skiers also skiing , finally the skier makes it to the end of down hill slop and comes to a stop .	who do as the guy skis he start , finally makes it to the end of down hill slop and comes to a stop ?	skier
15835	A man and a woman are playing rock paper scissors .	what are the man and a woman playing ?	scissors
15836	The man gets on his knee and pulls out a ring .	who gets on his knee and pulls out a ring ?	man
15839	A man is running down a track he jumps into a pile of sand .	who is running down the track he jumps into a pile of sand ?	man
15839	A man is running down a track he jumps into a pile of sand .	what is the man running down ?	track
15840	He runs down the track again and jumps into the sand several times .	what does he run down again ?	track
15842	A man wearing a green outfit is leading a camel .	who is wearing a green outfit is leading a camel ?	man
15842	A man wearing a green outfit is leading a camel .	what is the man wearing a green outfit is leading ?	camel
15842	A man wearing a green outfit is leading a camel .	what is the color of the outfit ?	green
15843	Two people are sitting on top of the camel .	how many people are sitting on top of the camel ?	two
15844	A man is walking next to the camel .	who is walking next to the camel ?	man
15846	Three years after those photos the girl moves and she is shown riding horses .	who does three years after those photos move and she is shown riding horses ?	girl
15847	The girl is shown with other girls posing with some awards for horseback riding .	who is shown with other girls posing with some awards for horseback riding ?	girl
15850	A woman is seen brushing her teeth and leads into toothpaste being spread on a toothbrush .	who is seen brushing her teeth and leads into toothpaste being spread on a toothbrush ?	woman
15851	Another girl brushes her teeth and shows several stills on how to properly brush teeth .	who brushes her teeth and shows several stills on how to properly brush teeth ?	girl
15851	Another girl brushes her teeth and shows several stills on how to properly brush teeth .	what does another girl show on how to properly brush teeth ?	stills
15852	More clips are shown of people brushing their teeth .	what are shown of people brushing their teeth ?	clips
15857	Several clips are shown of a soccer match going on as well as fans celebrating to the camera .	what are shown of the soccer match going on as well as fans celebrating to the camera ?	clips
15859	A woman is playing music on a stereo in a busy city .	who is playing music on a stereo in a busy city ?	woman
15860	Another woman is standing on the sidewalk with headphones .	who is standing on the sidewalk with headphones ?	woman
15862	The woman picks up the stereo and starts walking .	who picks up the stereo and starts walking ?	woman
15862	The woman picks up the stereo and starts walking .	what does the woman pick up ?	stereo
15863	The other woman follows her on the same sidewalk .	who follows her on the same sidewalk ?	woman
15865	A man in a red shirt starts dancing next to a car with another woman .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
15866	They join the woman walking with the stereo in her hand .	who do they join walking with the stereo in her hand ?	woman
15869	An old man talks next a sailboat in the shore , then the man carry the sailboat to the ocean .	who do an old man talks next a sailboat in the shore , then carry the sailboat to the ocean ?	man
15869	An old man talks next a sailboat in the shore , then the man carry the sailboat to the ocean .	what do an old man talks next a sailboat in the shore , then the man carry to the ocean ?	sailboat
15870	The old man sails the boat sitting on the border of the boat and pulling a handle .	who sails the boat sitting on the border of the boat and pulling a handle ?	man
15870	The old man sails the boat sitting on the border of the boat and pulling a handle .	what did the old man sail ?	boat
15871	Then , the old man sits for awhile , and then continues sailing and stops when he talks .	then , who sits for awhile , and then continues sailing and stops when he talks ?	man
15872	After , the old man stops and the boat turn over , then he pulls the boat to the shore .	what does , then he pull to the shore ?	boat
15873	After , the old man continues sailing in the ocean .	who does after , continue sailing in the ocean ?	man
15875	He presses a button on his phone and plays the drums again and ending with one final smack on the drum .	what did he press on his phone ?	button
15875	He presses a button on his phone and plays the drums again and ending with one final smack on the drum .	he plays what again and ending with one final smack on the drum ?	drums
15876	People are standing in a line holding swords .	where are people standing . ?	swords
15877	A man in a white jacket is talking into a microphone .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
15878	Another older gentlemen is talking into a microphone .	who is talking into the microphone ?	gentlemen
15879	A man covers a wall with cement using a hose .	who covers the wall with cement using a hose ?	man
15879	A man covers a wall with cement using a hose .	what does the man cover with cement using a hose ?	wall
15883	He plays the instrument in front of the piano and walks back to the camera .	what does he play in front of the piano ?	instrument
15886	A man is trimming a damaged bush using a machette .	who is trimming the damaged bush using a machette ?	man
15886	A man is trimming a damaged bush using a machette .	what is the man trimming ?	bush
15887	The man continues chopping the cut branch on a deck .	who continues chopping the cut branch on a deck ?	man
15889	A boy dance hip hop , spins and make a flip .	who hop , spins and make the flip ?	hip
15890	After , the boy climbs on a column to make a flip backward and stand on his hands , then a ballet dancer is raised by her friends .	who is , raised by her friends ?	dancer
15891	Then , a boy runs and break a door to enter to the other side where a girl is surprised .	then , who runs and break the door to enter to the other side where a girl is surprised ?	boy
15891	Then , a boy runs and break a door to enter to the other side where a girl is surprised .	what do then , the boy break ?	door
15892	A girl smiles at a camera holding a violin and pulls her hair behind her head .	who smiles at the camera holding a violin and pulls her hair behind her head ?	girl
15897	Then , the man loose the lug nuts of the tire , and then reads the manual .	then , who loose the lug nuts of the tire , and then reads the manual ?	man
15898	After , the man puts a jack below the car to raise it .	who does after , put the jack below the car to raise it ?	man
15899	Next , the man puts the emergency tire and tight the lug nuts .	who does next , put the emergency tire and tight the lug nuts ?	man
15900	At the end , the man keeps the jack and the flat tire .	who does at the end , keep the jack and the flat tire ?	man
15901	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding a violin .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a violin ?	woman
15902	The woman continues speaking and them begins demonstrating how to play a song .	who continues speaking and them begins demonstrating how to play a song ?	woman
15905	The person then grabs a razor and begins shaving the man 's leg while dipping it into a sink .	what does the person then grab ?	razor
15906	The woman continues shaving his leg while panning back to the sink and him having a drink .	who continues shaving his leg while panning back to the sink and him having a drink ?	woman
15907	A man ball rolls across a baseball field and a small boy in a green shirt kicks the ball and runs around the bases .	what rolls across the baseball field and a small boy in a green shirt kicks the ball and runs around the bases ?	ball
15907	A man ball rolls across a baseball field and a small boy in a green shirt kicks the ball and runs around the bases .	what does the man ball roll across a baseball field and a small boy in a green shirt kicks and runs around the bases ?	ball
15907	A man ball rolls across a baseball field and a small boy in a green shirt kicks the ball and runs around the bases .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
15908	The boy stops and looks at the camera then starts running again .	who then starts running again ?	boy
15910	The boy makes it to home as a lady chases a ball to the fence .	who makes it to home as a lady chases a ball to the fence ?	boy
15911	The boy in the red hat and the blue coat is being pulled in a red tube by a rope over some icy roads .	what is the color of the hat ?	red
15911	The boy in the red hat and the blue coat is being pulled in a red tube by a rope over some icy roads .	what is the color of the coat ?	blue
15911	The boy in the red hat and the blue coat is being pulled in a red tube by a rope over some icy roads .	what is the color of the tube ?	red
15911	The boy in the red hat and the blue coat is being pulled in a red tube by a rope over some icy roads .	where is the boy in the red hat and the blue coat being pulled . ?	tube
15912	A man in a black hat has his turn with the tube .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
15913	A man in a grey hat hits a snow embankment with the tube .	what does the man in a grey hat hit with the tube ?	embankment
15913	A man in a grey hat hits a snow embankment with the tube .	what is the color of the hat ?	gray
15914	A man goes up a snow hill in the tube .	who goes up the snow hill in the tube ?	man
15914	A man goes up a snow hill in the tube .	where does the man go up a snow hill . ?	tube
15916	A man lets go of the rope and hits an embankment of snow .	who lets go of the rope and hits an embankment of snow ?	man
15918	A man wearing only black shorts , sandals and a gear belt , climbs a rock using a rope in a natural environment filled with trees and foliage .	who is wearing only black shorts , sandals and a gear belt , climbs a rock using a rope in a natural environment filled with trees and foliage ?	man
15918	A man wearing only black shorts , sandals and a gear belt , climbs a rock using a rope in a natural environment filled with trees and foliage .	what is the man wearing only black shorts , sandals and a gear belt , climbs using a rope in a natural environment filled with trees and foliage ?	rock
15918	A man wearing only black shorts , sandals and a gear belt , climbs a rock using a rope in a natural environment filled with trees and foliage .	the man wearing only black shorts , sandals and a gear belt , climbs a rock using what in a natural environment filled with trees and foliage ?	rope
15918	A man wearing only black shorts , sandals and a gear belt , climbs a rock using a rope in a natural environment filled with trees and foliage .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
15919	The man in the black shorts stands at the bottom of the rock and begins to climb the rock .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
15920	The man climbs from the bottom using knees to gain balance and a rope to steady when losing grip with the rocks .	who climbs from the bottom using knees to gain balance and a rope to steady when losing grip with the rocks ?	man
15921	The man reaches the top of the rock as the tan rope , behind , dangles .	who reaches the top of the rock as the tan rope , behind , dangles ?	man
15922	A man falls down while trying bowl down a lane .	who falls down while trying bowl down the lane ?	man
15923	A woman falls down trying to bowl .	who falls down trying to bowl ?	woman
15924	A man throws a bowling ball and it hits the ceiling .	who throws the bowling ball and it hits the ceiling ?	man
15924	A man throws a bowling ball and it hits the ceiling .	what does the man throw and it hits the ceiling ?	ball
15924	A man throws a bowling ball and it hits the ceiling .	what does the man throw a bowling ball and it hits ?	ceiling
15925	A man slips and falls as he 's trying to bowl .	who slips and falls as he 's trying to bowl ?	man
15926	A person flips a ski upside down .	what does the person flip upside down ?	ski
15929	A gymnast stands and waves her arms before a performance .	who stands and waves her arms before a performance ?	gymnast
15930	The gymnast hops up and mounts the balance beam .	who hops up and mounts the balance beam ?	gymnast
15931	The gymnast does a routine on the balance beam doing flips and hand springs .	who does the routine on the balance beam doing flips and hand springs ?	gymnast
15932	The gymnast jump and does the splits in the air .	who jump and does the splits in the air ?	gymnast
15933	The gymnast dismounts the balance beam onto the mat .	who dismounts the balance beam onto the mat ?	gymnast
15934	A woman plays guitar on stage .	who plays guitar on stage ?	woman
15935	The lady sings in the microphone .	who sings in the microphone ?	lady
15935	The lady sings in the microphone .	where does the lady sing . ?	microphone
15936	The lady takes a break from singing .	who takes the break from singing ?	lady
15937	The lady begins to sing again .	who begins to sing again ?	lady
15938	The lady stops singing then steps back to the microphone .	who stops singing then steps back to the microphone ?	lady
15939	We see a white opening scene .	what do we see ?	scene
15939	We see a white opening scene .	what is the color of the scene ?	white
15941	The lady cuts a potato and puts it in the water .	who cuts the potato and puts it in the water ?	lady
15941	The lady cuts a potato and puts it in the water .	what does the lady cut ?	potato
15942	The lady puts the potato in cold water .	who puts the potato in cold water ?	lady
15943	The lady peels the skin off the potato easily .	who peels the skin off the potato easily ?	lady
15944	We see the closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
15945	A chef is mixing water and vinegar in a glass bowl and adding dried chilies to it .	who is mixing water and vinegar in a glass bowl and adding dried chilies to it ?	chef
15945	A chef is mixing water and vinegar in a glass bowl and adding dried chilies to it .	where is the chef mixing water and vinegar and adding dried chilies to it . ?	bowl
15946	Then in a blender , the chef mixes capers , garlic , anchovies and black olives along with some olive oil .	where does then , the chef mix capers , garlic , anchovies and black olives along with some olive oil . ?	blender
15947	The chef mashes the ingredients into a paste .	who mashes the ingredients into a paste ?	chef
15947	The chef mashes the ingredients into a paste .	what does the chef mash into a paste ?	ingredients
15948	The chef adds some garlic to oil in a saute pan and sautes it with some sun dried tomatoes .	who adds some garlic to oil in a saute pan and sautes it with some sun dried tomatoes ?	chef
15948	The chef adds some garlic to oil in a saute pan and sautes it with some sun dried tomatoes .	what does the chef add to oil in a saute pan ?	garlic
15950	The chef then chops some parsley and garlic together .	who then chops some parsley and garlic together ?	chef
15951	Then he adds some spaghetti to boiling salt water and cooks it .	what does then he add to boiling salt water and cooks it ?	spaghetti
15952	He adds the chopped parsley to the spaghetti and mixes it well along with the olive tapenade .	what does he add to the spaghetti ?	parsley
15953	A person is putting black icing on a cake .	what is the color of the icing ?	black
15957	The camera pans around to the people on the outside and back onto the kids playing .	what pans around to the people on the outside and back onto the kids playing ?	camera
15958	The woman then picks up a tray with a cover that includes colorful curlers of different sizes and she continues talking while pointing at them .	who then picks up the tray with a cover that includes colorful curlers of different sizes and she continues talking while pointing at them ?	woman
15958	The woman then picks up a tray with a cover that includes colorful curlers of different sizes and she continues talking while pointing at them .	what does the woman then pick up with a cover that includes colorful curlers of different sizes and she continues talking while pointing at them ?	tray
15960	The outro screan is pink and ends with black words and then a black screen that has a clip art red pair of lips on it .	what is the color of the words ?	black
15960	The outro screan is pink and ends with black words and then a black screen that has a clip art red pair of lips on it .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
15960	The outro screan is pink and ends with black words and then a black screen that has a clip art red pair of lips on it .	what is the color of the pair ?	red
15961	woman is standing in a green field practicing balance a ball in a golf club .	who is standing in the green field practicing balance a ball in a golf club ?	woman
15961	woman is standing in a green field practicing balance a ball in a golf club .	what is the color of the field ?	green
15962	another woman is in the court and its practicing with the girl passing the ball from a golf club to another .	who is in the court and its practicing with the girl passing the ball from a golf club to another ?	woman
15963	in the background cars are parked in a parking lot .	what are in the background parked in a parking lot ?	cars
15964	A man is seen speaking to the camera while pointing to various tools and wooden objects in front of him .	who is seen speaking to the camera while pointing to various tools and wooden objects in front of him ?	man
15965	The man unhooks the side followed by sanding it down on the side .	who unhooks the side followed by sanding it down on the side ?	man
15966	The man then takes a screwdriver and drills in holes while stopping to sand it and show it to the camera .	who then takes the screwdriver and drills in holes while stopping to sand it and show it to the camera ?	man
15967	A young man is shown on a road wearing stilts .	who is shown on the road wearing stilts ?	man
15972	Another child next to her is seen cutting out the pumpkin when an adults walks into frame .	who next to her is seen cutting out the pumpkin when an adults walks into frame ?	child
15973	The adults helps the children with one smiling to the camera and holding up seeds while the camera pans around the room .	who helps the children with one smiling to the camera and holding up seeds while the camera pans around the room ?	adults
15973	The adults helps the children with one smiling to the camera and holding up seeds while the camera pans around the room .	who does the adults help with one ?	children
15974	Between clips of a man on a catamaran moving in the ocean , black screens appear and different times with different words describing each movement the catamaran makes .	what are between clips of a man on a catamaran moving in the ocean , appear and different times with different words describing each movement the catamaran makes ?	screens
15974	Between clips of a man on a catamaran moving in the ocean , black screens appear and different times with different words describing each movement the catamaran makes .	what is the color of the screens ?	black
15975	The man is now standing on the boat and is pulling on ropes that move on the boat and then is shown once again as the boat is moving .	who is now standing on the boat and is pulling on ropes that move on the boat and then is shown once again as the boat is moving ?	man
15976	The outro appears and it 's a white screen with a picture of the boat and the words `` MULTIHULL CENTRAL '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
15977	Two people are seen riding in a canoe pushing a paddle along the water and looking into the camera .	how many people are seen riding in the canoe pushing a paddle along the water and looking into the camera ?	two
15978	More clips are shown of the scenery as well as the people riding around and meeting up with others .	what are shown of the scenery as well as the people riding around and meeting up with others ?	clips
15980	The camera scans the crowd and people continuously paddle their way across the water .	what scans the crowd and people continuously paddle their way across the water ?	camera
15982	The referees point in the direction of the winner .	who point in the direction of the winner ?	referees
15984	Title screens are shown on the video .	what are shown on the video ?	screens
15985	The woman demonstrates using a hula hoop in a large room while another person talks .	who demonstrates using the hula hoop in a large room while another person talks ?	woman
15985	The woman demonstrates using a hula hoop in a large room while another person talks .	where does the woman demonstrate using a hula hoop while another person talks . ?	room
15987	The woman stops hula hooping and takes a bow .	who stops hula hooping and takes a bow ?	woman
15989	Two people are playing tennis on a court .	how many people are playing tennis on a court ?	two
15990	One person falls back on their back .	how many person falls back on their back ?	one
15995	A man pushes a lawn mower around a grass lawn area with tents cutting the grass .	who pushes the lawn mower around a grass lawn area with tents cutting the grass ?	man
15995	A man pushes a lawn mower around a grass lawn area with tents cutting the grass .	what does the man push around a grass lawn area with tents cutting the grass ?	mower
15996	The man cuts the tall grass around a tree .	who cuts the tall grass around a tree ?	man
15997	The man shuts down the lawnmower and takes a break .	who shuts down the lawnmower and takes a break ?	man
15999	The woman continues climbing and ends with her reaching the top and throwing her arms up .	who continues climbing and ends with her reaching the top and throwing her arms up ?	woman
16000	A group of people is playing dodge ball in a court .	what is the group of people playing in a court ?	ball
16002	The young lady continues progressing up the wall as the man continues to talk in a split screen .	who continues progressing up the wall as the man continues to talk in a split screen ?	lady
16003	The man lifts his foot up to talk about a certain position and the girl demonstrates it as she begins getting off the plate .	who lifts his foot up to talk about a certain position and the girl demonstrates it as she begins getting off the plate ?	man
16003	The man lifts his foot up to talk about a certain position and the girl demonstrates it as she begins getting off the plate .	who does the man lift his foot up and demonstrates it as she begins getting off the plate ?	girl
16004	A small car is covered in a thick layer of snow .	what is covered in the thick layer of snow ?	car
16005	A man appears with a sweeper .	who appears with the sweeper ?	man
16007	A man welds a section of a steel beam in a workshop .	who welds the section of a steel beam in a workshop ?	man
16009	The man marks and measures pieces of plate metal in between making welds on it .	who marks and measures pieces of plate metal in between making welds on it ?	man
16010	The man demonstrates the angle to make a weld on the piece of plate metal .	who demonstrates the angle to make a weld on the piece of plate metal ?	man
16010	The man demonstrates the angle to make a weld on the piece of plate metal .	what does the man demonstrate ?	angle
16011	man is kneeling on the floor talking to the camera and showing the tiles above the wooden floor .	who is kneeling on the floor talking to the camera and showing the tiles above the wooden floor ?	man
16012	man is showing a place without the wooden floor and its putting the wooden pole in the floor measuring the space .	who is showing the place without the wooden floor and its putting the wooden pole in the floor measuring the space ?	man
16012	man is showing a place without the wooden floor and its putting the wooden pole in the floor measuring the space .	what is man showing a place without the wooden floor and its putting in the floor measuring the space ?	pole
16013	the man puts a wood sheet in space and put floor tiles .	who puts the wood sheet in space and put floor tiles ?	man
16014	There is a boy sitting on the bed showing off his sunburn and putting cream on it .	who is there sitting on the bed showing off his sunburn and putting cream on it ?	boy
16015	A friend is shaking his head because of the other guy 's sunburn .	who is shaking his head because of the other guy 's sunburn ?	friend
16016	The friend lifts his shirt to show his sunburn as well .	who lifts his shirt to show his sunburn as well ?	friend
16016	The friend lifts his shirt to show his sunburn as well .	what does the friend lift ?	shirt
16017	The camera pans around room and back to the first guy .	what pans around room and back to the first guy ?	camera
16018	A girl walks by carrying a plate , puts it on the table and does a dance .	who walks by carrying the plate , puts it on the table and does a dance ?	girl
16019	The camera pans to a mirror with two men standing in it with a phone and waving .	what pans to the mirror with two men standing in it with a phone and waving ?	camera
16020	The camera looks over the balcony of the room .	what looks over the balcony of the room ?	camera
16021	A woman puts a plate of food on a table and a man walks back inside .	who puts the plate of food on a table and a man walks back inside ?	woman
16021	A woman puts a plate of food on a table and a man walks back inside .	who does the woman put a plate of food on a table and walks back inside ?	man
16022	The sunburned man is taking his shirt off and laying it on the bed .	who is taking his shirt off and laying it on the bed ?	man
16022	The sunburned man is taking his shirt off and laying it on the bed .	what is the sunburned man taking off and laying it on the bed ?	shirt
16023	His friends help him with cream on his sunburn .	who help him with cream on his sunburn ?	friends
16024	The woman is sitting at the table eating .	who is sitting at the table eating ?	woman
16025	The candied fruits are in the bowl , then the woman pour liqueur in it and mixed them .	what are in the bowl , then the woman pour liqueur in it and mixed them ?	fruits
16025	The candied fruits are in the bowl , then the woman pour liqueur in it and mixed them .	who are the candied fruits in the bowl , then pour liqueur in it and mixed them ?	woman
16025	The candied fruits are in the bowl , then the woman pour liqueur in it and mixed them .	what are the candied fruits in the bowl , then the woman pour in it and mixed them ?	liqueur
16025	The candied fruits are in the bowl , then the woman pour liqueur in it and mixed them .	where are the candied fruits , then the woman pour liqueur in it and mixed them . ?	bowl
16026	The woman added brown sugar on the butter , then added eggs one by one and mixed and then cream , then flour , baking soda , cinnamon powder and mixed them well .	what did , then add by one and mixed and then cream , then flour , baking soda , ?	eggs
16026	The woman added brown sugar on the butter , then added eggs one by one and mixed and then cream , then flour , baking soda , cinnamon powder and mixed them well .	what is the color of the sugar ?	brown
16027	The dried fruit mixture is added in the batter , and then shredded nuts and they were mixed well together .	what is added in the batter , and then shredded nuts and they were mixed well together ?	mixture
16028	The batter is pour into the pan , smooth the batter and making sure that its evenly distributed .	who is pour into the pan , smooth the batter and making sure that its evenly distributed ?	batter
16029	A little girl in a room standing in front of some chairs is hitting a dora pinata .	what is the little girl in a room standing in front of some chairs hitting ?	pinata
16031	An older girl hits it so hard that it does n't break but the whole pinata falls down and the adults have to put it back up .	who hits it so hard that it does n't break but the whole pinata falls down and the adults have to put it back up ?	girl
16031	An older girl hits it so hard that it does n't break but the whole pinata falls down and the adults have to put it back up .	what does an older girl hit that but falls down and the adults have to put it back up ?	pinata
16032	After everyone takes their tun the little girl gets to go again , when hitting does n't work they all grab a piece of string and pull it .	who gets to go again , when hitting does n't work they all grab a piece of string and pull it ?	girl
16033	A girl is seen speaking to the camera and walks into a hair salon and shakes hands with an stylist .	who is seen speaking to the camera and walks into a hair salon and shakes hands with an stylist ?	girl
16034	Several shots of an artist are shown and the man then begins cutting the girl 's hair .	who are several shots of an artist shown and then begins cutting the girl 's hair ?	man
16041	A man stumbles over one of the cricket posts .	who stumbles over one of the cricket posts ?	man
16045	A man uses some equipment to melt some wax over a ski , going over it a few times .	who uses some equipment to melt some wax over a ski , going over it a few times ?	man
16045	A man uses some equipment to melt some wax over a ski , going over it a few times .	what does the man use ?	equipment
16048	We see the title card on black .	what is the color of the card ?	black
16049	A man is playing the drums with is hands .	who is playing the drums with is hands ?	man
16049	A man is playing the drums with is hands .	what is the man playing ?	drums
16050	The man pauses then plays again .	who then plays again ?	pauses
16051	The man pauses then plays slower .	who then plays slower ?	pauses
16053	man is talking to the camera and the people practicing capoeira , doing suicides and weightlifting are training .	who is talking to the camera and the people practicing capoeira , doing suicides and weightlifting are training ?	man
16054	A boy in a blue shirt is playing in the sand on the beach .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
16055	A man in a white shirt is standing behind him helping him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
16056	A man in blue shorts is also helping the boy make the sand castle .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
16057	A man is shown with a woman dancing in front of a large crowd on a tv show .	who is shown with the woman dancing in front of a large crowd on a tv show ?	man
16058	The woman spins around as the man leads her through the routine .	who spins around as the man leads her through the routine ?	woman
16061	The two dancers reach out to one another and the routine ends .	who reach out to one another and the routine ends ?	dancers
16061	The two dancers reach out to one another and the routine ends .	how many dancers reach out to one another and the routine ends ?	two
16062	A wrestler is hoisted on a man 's shoulders .	who is hoisted on the man 's shoulders ?	wrestler
16063	The man throws the wrestler on a table .	who throws the wrestler on a table ?	man
16064	The other man hollers out loud .	who hollers out loud ?	man
16067	The two groups stand on either side of the machine .	how many groups stand on either side of the machine ?	two
16070	A teen falls face down from his skateboard on the ground .	who falls face down from his skateboard on the ground ?	teen
16071	Another teen falls on the road .	who falls on the road ?	teen
16076	A boy enjoys an ice cream cone .	who enjoys an ice cream cone ?	boy
16076	A boy enjoys an ice cream cone .	what does the boy enjoy ?	cone
16077	A girl eats licks and eats an ice cream cone .	who eats licks and eats an ice cream cone ?	girl
16077	A girl eats licks and eats an ice cream cone .	what does the girl eat ?	licks
16077	A girl eats licks and eats an ice cream cone .	what does the girl eat ?	cone
16078	The boy finishes the ice cream cone .	who finishes the ice cream cone ?	boy
16078	The boy finishes the ice cream cone .	what does the boy finish ?	cone
16079	The girl lightly licks the ice cream cone .	who lightly licks the ice cream cone ?	girl
16079	The girl lightly licks the ice cream cone .	what does the girl lightly lick ?	cone
16080	An archery tournament begins and the montage shows the players hiding behind shields and firing back and forth .	what does an archery tournament begin and shows the players hiding behind shields and firing back and forth ?	montage
16082	A girl jumps onto a balance beam .	who jumps onto the balance beam ?	girl
16086	There are many different women doing hip hop moves .	who are there doing hip hop moves ?	women
16087	Two sumos wrestle fiercely while a judge watch them .	how many sumos wrestle fiercely while the judge watch them ?	two
16088	Then , the sumo wearing black slip pushed out of the ring the other sumo .	what is the color of the slip ?	black
16090	After , the sumosn continue wrestling and the sumo with black slip falls out the ring .	what is the color of the slip ?	black
16091	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a piece of paper .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a piece of paper ?	man
16092	The man also holds up a razor and begins writing on the paper .	who also holds up the razor and begins writing on the paper ?	man
16092	The man also holds up a razor and begins writing on the paper .	what does the man also hold up ?	razor
16093	The man is then seen shaving his face and ending with credits .	who is then seen shaving his face and ending with credits ?	man
16094	We see a lady talking in the bathroom .	who do we see talking in the bathroom ?	lady
16096	She brings the blow dryer box back into view .	what does she bring blow back into view ?	box
16097	The lady grabs and lifts her hair .	who grabs and lifts her hair ?	lady
16098	The lady shows us dryer attachments and the dryer .	who shows us dryer attachments and the dryer ?	lady
16099	The lady brushes hear hair and adds blow drys her hair .	who hear hair and adds blow drys her hair ?	brushes
16099	The lady brushes hear hair and adds blow drys her hair .	who does the lady brushes add blow ?	drys
16101	The man continues singing while the camera captures him and fades to black in the end .	who continues singing while the camera captures him and fades to black in the end ?	man
16101	The man continues singing while the camera captures him and fades to black in the end .	what is the color of the camera ?	black
16102	An old woman talks before run in a marathon where there is a lot of people participate .	who before run in a marathon where there is a lot of people participate ?	talks
16103	Then , the woman cross the finish line and people help her .	who do then , cross the finish line and people help her ?	woman
16105	A woman raise her arms when cross the finish line .	who raise her arms when cross the finish line ?	woman
16106	A very large man wearing a black speedo is standing in a wrestling rink huffing and puffing .	who is wearing a black speedo is standing in a wrestling rink huffing and puffing ?	man
16106	A very large man wearing a black speedo is standing in a wrestling rink huffing and puffing .	what is the color of the speedo ?	black
16107	A referee walks past the man , a man from the ground stands up and the very large man kicks him , picks him up , then slams him onto the rink .	who walks past the man , a man from the ground stands up and the very large man kicks him , picks him up , then slams him onto the rink ?	referee
16107	A referee walks past the man , a man from the ground stands up and the very large man kicks him , picks him up , then slams him onto the rink .	who does the referee walk past the man , a man from the ground stands up and kicks him , picks him up , then slams him onto the rink ?	man
16108	The man just lays there writhing in pain .	who just lays there writhing in pain ?	man
16109	Two women are seen speaking to one another and leads into them performing martial arts against one another .	who are seen speaking to one another and leads into them performing martial arts against one another ?	women
16109	Two women are seen speaking to one another and leads into them performing martial arts against one another .	how many women are seen speaking to one another and leads into them performing martial arts against one another ?	two
16110	The girls continue to fight and leads into one sitting down while the other continues to perform moves .	who continue to fight and leads into one sitting down while the other continues to perform moves ?	girls
16111	A girl in red outfit serves the ball to her friend on an outdoor tennis match .	what does the girl in red outfit serve to her friend on an outdoor tennis match ?	ball
16111	A girl in red outfit serves the ball to her friend on an outdoor tennis match .	what is the color of the outfit ?	red
16112	The friend returns the ball and the two play a round of tennis .	who returns the ball and the two play a round of tennis ?	friend
16113	The ball is deflected by the net and the partner loses the round .	what is deflected by the net and the partner loses the round ?	ball
16113	The ball is deflected by the net and the partner loses the round .	who is the ball deflected by the net and loses the round ?	partner
16113	The ball is deflected by the net and the partner loses the round .	what is the ball deflected by the net and the partner loses ?	round
16116	They bring out some raw meat .	what do they bring out ?	meat
16120	This man is roller blading through the streets extremely fast .	who is roller blading through the streets extremely fast ?	man
16126	A person in a canoe goes over the waterfall .	where does the person go over the waterfall . ?	canoe
16129	The person in the canoe smiles and talks to the camera .	where does the person smile and talks to the camera . ?	canoe
16131	The camera captures the tool on the tires from several angles as well as lifting up the car to work underneath .	what captures the tool on the tires from several angles as well as lifting up the car to work underneath ?	camera
16131	The camera captures the tool on the tires from several angles as well as lifting up the car to work underneath .	what is the camera lifting up ?	car
16133	A woman is picking up a pole , putting it inside the bigger pole , a man in blue jacket looked up from the ground .	who is picking up the pole , putting it inside the bigger pole , a man in blue jacket looked up from the ground ?	woman
16133	A woman is picking up a pole , putting it inside the bigger pole , a man in blue jacket looked up from the ground .	what is the woman picking up , putting it inside the bigger pole , a man in blue jacket looked up from the ground ?	pole
16133	A woman is picking up a pole , putting it inside the bigger pole , a man in blue jacket looked up from the ground .	what is the color of the jacket ?	blue
16134	A woman in red top is shown .	what is the color of the top ?	red
16138	A woman is sitting on a hospital bed with a razor handle in her mouth and people around her are moving her hair out of her face .	who is sitting on the hospital bed with a razor handle in her mouth and people around her are moving her hair out of her face ?	woman
16139	The woman then starts to pull the razor up and down the part of her left leg that she can reach with her bend .	who then starts to pull the razor up and down the part of her left leg that she can reach with her bend ?	woman
16140	The woman then grabs the razor from her mouth with her right hand and starts shaving her left leg .	who then grabs the razor from her mouth with her right hand and starts shaving her left leg ?	woman
16140	The woman then grabs the razor from her mouth with her right hand and starts shaving her left leg .	what does the woman then grab from her mouth with her right hand ?	razor
16141	A man in a black hat is standing on the street .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
16143	A man starts break dancing in front of a car .	who starts break dancing in front of a car ?	man
16144	A man wearing glasses is holding a book and talking .	who is wearing glasses is holding a book and talking ?	man
16144	A man wearing glasses is holding a book and talking .	the man wearing what is holding a book and talking ?	glasses
16146	The man interviews players and joins them in a game of bowling .	who players and joins them in a game of bowling ?	interviews
16148	A person is paddling down a river in a canoe .	where is the person paddling down a river . ?	canoe
16150	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up an instrument .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up an instrument ?	man
16151	The man then begins playing the instrument in front of the camera .	who then begins playing the instrument in front of the camera ?	man
16152	The man continues to play the instrument and stops to look at the camera .	who continues to play the instrument and stops to look at the camera ?	man
16153	A dog is close to the camera , play fighting with another dog .	what is close to the camera , play fighting with another dog ?	dog
16155	The man puts his glasses back on as the dogs calm down and lie down on his lap .	who puts his glasses back on as the dogs calm down and lie down on his lap ?	man
16155	The man puts his glasses back on as the dogs calm down and lie down on his lap .	what does the man put back on as the dogs calm down and lie down on his lap ?	glasses
16156	Three girls are seen holding a rope with one walking away and two playing tug of war .	who are seen holding the rope with one walking away and two playing tug of war ?	girls
16156	Three girls are seen holding a rope with one walking away and two playing tug of war .	how many girls are seen holding the rope with one walking away and two playing tug of war ?	three
16157	Two girls switch places and the final two compete against one another playing tug of war back and fourth .	who switch places and the final two compete against one another playing tug of war back and fourth ?	girls
16157	Two girls switch places and the final two compete against one another playing tug of war back and fourth .	how many girls switch places and the final two compete against one another playing tug of war back and fourth ?	two
16159	The curry is in a pan and the bread and butter are on a tray .	what is in the pan and the bread and butter are on a tray ?	curry
16159	The curry is in a pan and the bread and butter are on a tray .	where is the curry and the bread and butter are on a tray . ?	pan
16160	The man applies the butter , then the curry to the bread before toasting it .	who applies the butter , then the curry to the bread before toasting it ?	man
16160	The man applies the butter , then the curry to the bread before toasting it .	what does the man apply , then the curry to the bread before toasting it ?	butter
16162	At the 2008 Olympics , a man prepares to lift a loaded barbell .	who does at the 2008 olympics , prepare to lift a loaded barbell ?	man
16166	A man is seen rolling out a bike and begins checking the tires with another man .	who is seen rolling out the bike and begins checking the tires with another man ?	man
16167	One man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more .	who cuts the wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more ?	man
16167	One man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more .	what does one man cut and another man spins the tires once more ?	wire
16167	One man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more .	what does one man check and another man spins the tires once more ?	tires
16167	One man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more .	one man cuts a wire and checks more tires and who spins the tires once more ?	man
16167	One man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more .	one man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins what once more ?	tires
16167	One man cuts a wire and checks more tires and another man spins the tires once more .	how many man cuts the wire and checks more tires ?	one
16168	A balded man is seen speaking to the camera with a head sitting behind him with a head full of hair .	who is seen speaking to the camera with a head sitting behind him with a head full of hair ?	man
16170	Two teams are standing at the scrimmage line together waiting to play the game .	how many teams are standing at the scrimmage line together waiting to play the game ?	two
16171	The game begins and the two teams fight each ferociously in a game of Lacrosse .	how many teams fight each ferociously in a game of lacrosse ?	two
16172	One person gets hit so bad , he is out and remains laying down on the field as the rest of the players take off down the field .	how many person gets hit so bad ?	one
16173	A baby is shown floating upside down in a pool .	who is shown floating upside down in the pool ?	baby
16173	A baby is shown floating upside down in a pool .	where is the baby shown floating . ?	pool
16174	Trainers are teaching the child how to stay afloat .	who are teaching the child how to stay afloat ?	trainers
16174	Trainers are teaching the child how to stay afloat .	who are trainers teaching ?	child
16176	A wind kite is shown in the air .	what is shown in the air ?	kite
16177	A man in a black shirt is controlling the wind kite and falls on the ground .	what is the man in a black shirt controlling ?	kite
16177	A man in a black shirt is controlling the wind kite and falls on the ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
16178	Dogs are running around on the grass .	what are running around on the grass ?	dogs
16179	An introduction graphic comes onto the screen presenting a volleyball championship .	what does introduction come onto the screen presenting a volleyball championship ?	graphic
16180	A man comes onto the screen announcing the competition before it begins .	who comes onto the screen announcing the competition before it begins ?	man
16181	Different girls are shown playing beach volley ball as the narrator tells the story of their road to the championship .	who are shown playing beach volley ball as the narrator tells the story of their road to the championship ?	girls
16186	sumo wrestlers are standing in stage ready to fight and people are gathered around them and sitting in he terraces .	who are sumo standing in stage ready to fight and people are gathered around them and sitting in he terraces ?	wrestlers
16187	men are talking in the dark room and explaining their point of view .	where are men talking and explaining their point of view . ?	room
16188	A man starts running down with a stick he places it down and jumps over a really high obstacle , he lands and gloats .	who starts running down with the stick he places it down and jumps over a really high obstacle , he lands and gloats ?	man
16189	The next man takes his turn and he does the same using the stick to get over the obstacle and jumping up with excitement after landing .	who takes his turn and he does the same using the stick to get over the obstacle and jumping up with excitement after landing ?	man
16190	Then another man takes his turn and when he lands he throws off his helmet and yells and jumps for joy like the previous men .	then who takes his turn and when he lands he throws off his helmet and yells and jumps for joy like the previous men ?	man
16192	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
16193	We see kids in purple pose for a photo .	what is the color of the pose ?	purple
16194	The kids then play tug of war as two girls stand nearby cheering .	who then play tug of war as two girls stand nearby cheering ?	kids
16196	We see two different kids cheering .	who do we see cheering ?	kids
16196	We see two different kids cheering .	how many different kids do we see cheering ?	two
16197	We switch the cheering kids again .	who do we switch again ?	kids
16198	The kids win and an jump and cheer as one girl talks to a teacher .	who win and an jump and cheer as one girl talks to a teacher ?	kids
16200	Several shirtless men are gathered in a room , one smokes a cigarette as the rest cheer him on .	where are several shirtless men gathered , one smokes a cigarette as the rest cheer him on . ?	room
16203	Pucks are seen sitting along the ice as well as a man speaking to the camera and people walking around .	who are seen sitting along the ice as well as a man speaking to the camera and people walking around ?	pucks
16204	More clips are shown of people curling on the ice while also speaking to the camera .	what are shown of people curling on the ice while also speaking to the camera ?	clips
16207	A man puts a vice grip on the well .	who puts the vice grip on the well ?	man
16208	The man pushes and spins a tire over the wheel well .	who pushes and spins the tire over the wheel well ?	man
16208	The man pushes and spins a tire over the wheel well .	what does the man spin over the wheel well ?	tire
16211	We see two boys playing .	who do we see playing ?	boys
16211	We see two boys playing .	how many boys do we see playing ?	two
16214	We see a shop then a person paddling on a kayak .	what do we see then a person paddling on a kayak ?	shop
16215	A person jumps into the water and we see the water skier again .	who does the person jump into the water and we see again ?	skier
16218	A person on skis jumps a ramp .	what does the person on skis jump ?	ramp
16222	A news man is standing in front of a screen talking as it displays a volleyball game on the beach .	who is standing in front of a screen talking as it displays a volleyball game on the beach ?	man
16224	A young boy has a long stick in had and is pushing a puck across a white triangle with numbers in it .	what is the color of the triangle ?	white
16225	The puck goes to far down the board and the toddler chases after it .	who goes to far down the board and the toddler chases after it ?	puck
16228	As he is swimming , a man in an orange polo is standing on the outside describing his technique .	what is the color of the polo ?	orange
16232	A man is playing a wooden instrument inext to another man , sitting inside a small room .	who is playing the wooden instrument inext to another man , sitting inside a small room ?	man
16232	A man is playing a wooden instrument inext to another man , sitting inside a small room .	what is the man playing to another man , ?	instrument
16233	When he is done , he lowers his instrument and smiles broadly .	what does , he lower ?	instrument
16236	A man sharpens a razor strap .	who sharpens the razor strap ?	man
16236	A man sharpens a razor strap .	what does the man sharpen ?	strap
16239	The man lies still as he applies a cloth , then aftershave .	who lies still as he applies a cloth , then aftershave ?	man
16241	Guys are playing pool in front of an audience .	who are playing pool in front of an audience ?	guys
16241	Guys are playing pool in front of an audience .	what are guys playing in front of an audience ?	pool
16242	A guy changes his pool stick .	who changes his pool stick ?	guy
16242	A guy changes his pool stick .	what does the guy change ?	stick
16243	The two men stand close together and give an interview .	how many men stand close together and give an interview ?	two
16244	A man puts his arm around his partner 's shoulders , and his partner dances .	who puts his arm around his partner 's shoulders , and his partner dances ?	man
16244	A man puts his arm around his partner 's shoulders , and his partner dances .	who does the man put his arm around his partner 's shoulders , and dances ?	partner
16245	A man sits on his pool game partner 's lap after he makes his shot , .	who sits on his pool game partner 's lap after he makes his shot , ?	man
16248	Text is shown on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
16251	We see a C emblem screen .	what do we see ?	screen
16253	We see the ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
16254	A young lady is in a room rolling down a piece of grey and white wallpaper on a wall .	who is in the room rolling down a piece of grey and white wallpaper on a wall ?	lady
16255	She is now on another wall and is using a utensil to smooth out the paper .	what is she using ?	utensil
16256	Then , she is shown cutting the grey wallpaper and brushing it .	what is the color of the wallpaper ?	gray
16262	A woman is then seen rubbing down the sink with a rag and shows off the sink in the end .	who is then seen rubbing down the sink with a rag and shows off the sink in the end ?	woman
16264	The server fills in ice in the glasses and barista makes coffee .	who fills in ice in the glasses and barista makes coffee ?	server
16265	The customers are busy eating their food that is served .	who are busy eating their food that is served ?	customers
16266	The bartender is mixing drinks to make various cocktails .	who is mixing drinks to make various cocktails ?	bartender
16266	The bartender is mixing drinks to make various cocktails .	what is the bartender mixing ?	drinks
16268	A lady customer is seen enjoying her drinks .	who is seen enjoying her drinks ?	customer
16270	An older woman walks to the head of the group .	who walks to the head of the group ?	woman
16271	The group dance together facing the camera .	the group dance together facing what ?	camera
16273	The man begins by scraping ice and snow off of the bottom of his windshield and the hood of his car and front grill .	who begins by scraping ice and snow off of the bottom of his windshield and the hood of his car and front grill ?	man
16274	The man then scrapes and kicks at ice chunks surrounding the area around the front passenger tire .	who then scrapes and kicks at ice chunks surrounding the area around the front passenger tire ?	man
16275	Lastly , the man scrapes ice off of the trunk of the car and the rear passenger tire area before waiving and walking toward the camera .	who does lastly , scrap ice off of the trunk of the car and the rear passenger tire area before waiving and walking toward the camera ?	man
16276	A black template with scrolling print with white lettering goes across the screen in an upward motion .	what is the color of the template ?	black
16276	A black template with scrolling print with white lettering goes across the screen in an upward motion .	what is the color of the lettering ?	white
16279	There are four people participating the BMX dirt biking competition .	how many people are there participating the bmx dirt biking competition ?	four
16287	man is climbong a rock wall atached to harness .	who is climbong the rock wall atached to harness ?	man
16288	a group of friends are standing on the field and above them the man is climbing the rock wall .	who are the group of friends standing on the field and above them is climbing the rock wall ?	man
16288	a group of friends are standing on the field and above them the man is climbing the rock wall .	what are the group of friends standing on the field and above them the man is climbing ?	wall
16289	man is climbong the rock wall holding it and the other people on the floor is attached to harness ready to climb the wall too .	who is climbong the rock wall holding it and the other people on the floor is attached to harness ready to climb the wall too ?	man
16289	man is climbong the rock wall holding it and the other people on the floor is attached to harness ready to climb the wall too .	what is man climbong and the other people on the floor is attached to harness ready to climb the wall too ?	wall
16290	A man wearing gloves is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects to the camera .	who is wearing gloves is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects to the camera ?	man
16290	A man wearing gloves is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects to the camera .	the man wearing what is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects to the camera ?	gloves
16292	A man in grey shirt applies plaster with a handheld spatula to the interior wall of a building .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
16294	The man in applies more plaster the the wall and covers more area .	who in applies more plaster the the wall and covers more area ?	man
16294	The man in applies more plaster the the wall and covers more area .	what does the man in apply more plaster ?	wall
16298	The man in grey and the friend both apply plaster together higher up on the wall and ceiling .	what is the color of the man ?	gray
16299	A singer is shown standing on a piano on a large stage and talking into the mic while a drummer plays in the background .	who is shown standing on the piano on a large stage and talking into the mic while a drummer plays in the background ?	singer
16301	The drums continue to play and the lights flicker behind him while people shuffle other drums around the set .	what continue to play and the lights flicker behind him while people shuffle other drums around the set ?	drums
16302	The two men then begin playing the drums back to back with each other while switching between drum kits and movements .	how many men then begin playing the drums back to back with each other while switching between drum kits and movements ?	two
16303	A camera pans in on a television set that leads into a man holding a stick in front of a large crowd .	what pans in on the television set that leads into a man holding a stick in front of a large crowd ?	camera
16307	He picks up the knife sharpener and uses it to sharpen the knife .	what does he pick up ?	sharpener
16308	A woman is seen washing dishes in a sink while a man speaks to the camera and zooms in on the dishes .	who is seen washing dishes in a sink while a man speaks to the camera and zooms in on the dishes ?	woman
16308	A woman is seen washing dishes in a sink while a man speaks to the camera and zooms in on the dishes .	where is the woman seen washing dishes while a man speaks to the camera and zooms in on the dishes . ?	sink
16309	The man continues to speak to the camera and demonstrate how to properly wash dishes .	who continues to speak to the camera and demonstrate how to properly wash dishes ?	man
16312	He paces the tire back onto the table then pulls out a rope to tie it with .	what does he pace back onto the table then pulls out a rope to tie it with ?	tire
16313	Two people are seen moving back and fourth on a large mat while fencing with one another .	how many people are seen moving back and fourth on the large mat while fencing with one another ?	two
16317	A girl is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her holding bottles and washing her face .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her holding bottles and washing her face ?	girl
16318	She wipes her face down with a towel and then puts lotion all over her face .	she then puts what all over her face ?	lotion
16319	A man dressed inn a black shirt and camouflage print shorts is demonstrating how to fix the rubber tires on a car wheel rim .	who dressed inn a black shirt and camouflage print shorts is demonstrating how to fix the rubber tires on a car wheel rim ?	man
16319	A man dressed inn a black shirt and camouflage print shorts is demonstrating how to fix the rubber tires on a car wheel rim .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
16320	He shows all the tools that are required to do the process .	what does he show ?	tools
16323	He uses a mallet to secure it in tightly .	what does he use ?	mallet
16324	He then uses a tool to tighten the various screws that run across the entire diameter of the inner circle of the tire .	what does he then use ?	tool
16326	He fills in air and checks the tire pressure .	what does he check ?	pressure
16329	They lob the ball back and forth .	what do they lob back and forth ?	ball
16330	A boy makes a hand gesture in front of the camera as he smiles .	who makes the hand gesture in front of the camera as he smiles ?	boy
16332	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while standing in front of a board .	who is seen speaking to the camera while standing in front of a board ?	woman
16335	We see people playing water polo in a pool .	where do we see people playing water polo . ?	pool
16336	A man in the rear on the right throws the ball to a player closer to the goal .	what does the man in the rear on the right throw to a player closer to the goal ?	ball
16337	That player then throws the ball across to a man on the left .	what does that player then throw across to a man on the left ?	ball
16338	A man grabs the ball and throws it in the goal .	who grabs the ball and throws it in the goal ?	man
16338	A man grabs the ball and throws it in the goal .	what does the man grab ?	ball
16339	A young boy is seen riding along a skateboard followed by several more shots of people riding on boards .	who is seen riding along the skateboard followed by several more shots of people riding on boards ?	boy
16340	The boys perform several tricks while the camera pans into the sky and move up and down the track .	who perform several tricks while the camera pans into the sky and move up and down the track ?	boys
16343	A man takes a drink out of a glass .	who takes the drink out of a glass ?	man
16345	The person pushes the mower along the edge of the grass and throughout the rest of the grass .	what does the person push along the edge of the grass and throughout the rest of the grass ?	mower
16346	The man then grabs a weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge .	who then grabs the weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge ?	man
16346	The man then grabs a weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge .	what does the man then grab ?	weed
16346	The man then grabs a weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge .	what does the man then cut along the edge ?	weeds
16347	A woman lays on the floor in a room .	who lays on the floor in a room ?	woman
16350	In the background , a child gives a woman a hug as they watch on .	who does in the background , give a woman a hug as they watch on ?	child
16351	The music stops and the dancer walks off stage .	who does the music stop and walks off stage ?	dancer
16352	A young woman is sitting a chair extremely still as a pair of scissors are being put up her nose .	who is sitting the chair extremely still as a pair of scissors are being put up her nose ?	woman
16353	The person who is piercing her septum continues to hold it and grabs the needle with the other hand .	what does the person grab with the other hand ?	needle
16354	Once he pierces it , a drop of snot flies from her nose and the girl begins talking until the balls are on the end of the ring .	who does once he pierce it , a drop of snot flies from her nose and begins talking until the balls are on the end of the ring ?	girl
16355	A man steps on a diving board and jumps .	who steps on the diving board and jumps ?	man
16356	Then , the man flips three times and and dive in the pool .	who does then , flip three times and and dive in the pool ?	man
16356	Then , the man flips three times and and dive in the pool .	where does then , the man flip three times and and dive . ?	pool
16357	A pinata is hanging from the ceiling .	what is hanging from the ceiling ?	pinata
16358	A boy is hitting the pinata with a stick .	who is hitting the pinata with a stick ?	boy
16358	A boy is hitting the pinata with a stick .	what is the boy hitting with a stick ?	pinata
16360	A worker removes moss from the top of a roof .	who removes moss from the top of a roof ?	worker
16360	A worker removes moss from the top of a roof .	what does the worker remove from the top of a roof ?	moss
16361	Another worker sprays water all over the roof .	who all over the roof ?	sprays
16362	The roof is then really clean .	what is then really clean ?	roof
16363	Two men are seen kneeling before one another and begin wrestling one another .	how many men are seen kneeling before one another and begin wrestling one another ?	two
16366	Two men are dressed in fencing gear .	how many men are dressed in fencing gear ?	two
16371	When the man walks away , the pumpkin blast and turn on an light to see the a mouth and two eyes .	, what blast and turn on an light to see the a mouth and two eyes ?	pumpkin
16374	People give each other high fives as they ski .	what do people give each other high fives as they ?	ski
16375	The man puts the mop into the blue mop bucket first and then he starts mopping .	who puts the mop into the blue mop bucket first and then he starts mopping ?	man
16375	The man puts the mop into the blue mop bucket first and then he starts mopping .	what does the man put into the blue mop bucket first and then he starts mopping ?	mop
16375	The man puts the mop into the blue mop bucket first and then he starts mopping .	what is the color of the bucket ?	blue
16380	A lady in a blue shirt from Uzbekistan runs and performs a high jump and we see her score .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
16383	The first lady performs again and knocks the bar over and looks disappointed .	who performs again and knocks the bar over and looks disappointed ?	lady
16383	The first lady performs again and knocks the bar over and looks disappointed .	the first lady knocks what over and looks disappointed ?	bar
16385	The second lady from Uzbekistan performs and clears the bar and almost cries .	what does the second lady from uzbekistan perform and clears ?	bar
16387	Several clips are shown of people riding around on skateboards in a park while looking back and smiling to the camera .	what are shown of people riding around on skateboards in a park while looking back and smiling to the camera ?	clips
16389	In the end they are seen driving around together in a car and laughing with one another .	where are in the end they seen driving around and laughing with one another . ?	car
16392	They then lay out mats , and do several yoga cool down moves .	what did they then lay out ?	mats
16393	A man is seated with an accordian on his lap .	who is seated with an accordian on his lap ?	man
16397	A bald individual retrieves the ball and reinserts it into play .	what does the bald individual retrieve ?	ball
16399	The bald individual retrieves the ball and reinserts it into play again .	what does the bald individual retrieve ?	ball
16401	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of him moving dirt .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of him moving dirt ?	man
16403	A man throws a bowling balls and throws all the pins every time .	who throws the bowling balls and throws all the pins every time ?	man
16403	A man throws a bowling balls and throws all the pins every time .	what does the man throw ?	balls
16404	Then , the man continues playing bowling successfully .	who does then , continue playing bowling successfully ?	man
16405	The man miss one pin in the last play .	who miss one pin in the last play ?	man
16405	The man miss one pin in the last play .	how many pin do the man miss in the last play ?	one
16407	A man uses an electric drill to wind up the floor jack and lift the car tire off the ground .	who uses an electric drill to wind up the floor jack and lift the car tire off the ground ?	man
16407	A man uses an electric drill to wind up the floor jack and lift the car tire off the ground .	what does the man use ?	drill
16408	The man uses the electric drill again to mind down the floor jack and lower the car .	who uses the electric drill again to mind down the floor jack and lower the car ?	man
16408	The man uses the electric drill again to mind down the floor jack and lower the car .	what does the man use again ?	drill
16409	A male gymnast walks up to a beam , powdering his hands .	who walks up to the beam , powdering his hands ?	gymnast
16412	A young woman is holding a tablet to record a video of people running in a race and she is standing in the stands at a track filled with people .	who is holding the tablet to record a video of people running in a race and she is standing in the stands at a track filled with people ?	woman
16412	A young woman is holding a tablet to record a video of people running in a race and she is standing in the stands at a track filled with people .	what is the young woman holding and she is standing in the stands at a track filled with people ?	tablet
16413	A man is running across the grass field with an orange shirt and a flag on the grass in the middle of the track .	who is running across the grass field with an orange shirt and a flag on the grass in the middle of the track ?	man
16413	A man is running across the grass field with an orange shirt and a flag on the grass in the middle of the track .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
16414	Another man in a black shirt runs towards the man in the orange shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
16414	Another man in a black shirt runs towards the man in the orange shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
16415	The young woman continues to video the track with her tablet .	who continues to video the track with her tablet ?	woman
16416	The man in the orange shirt is running across the grass again .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
16417	The young woman puts her tablet down after trying to video the game and looks off into the distance at the people on the track .	who puts her tablet down after trying to video the game and looks off into the distance at the people on the track ?	woman
16417	The young woman puts her tablet down after trying to video the game and looks off into the distance at the people on the track .	what does the young woman put down after trying to video the game ?	tablet
16420	There 's a woman doing a tutorial on how to use a curling iron on a model 's hair .	who does there 's doing a tutorial on how to use a curling iron on a model 's hair ?	woman
16424	The door opens and two people wearing slippers enter the room .	what opens and two people wearing slippers enter the room ?	door
16424	The door opens and two people wearing slippers enter the room .	the door opens and two people wearing what enter the room ?	slippers
16424	The door opens and two people wearing slippers enter the room .	what does the door open and two people wearing slippers enter ?	room
16424	The door opens and two people wearing slippers enter the room .	how many people is wearing slippers enter the room ?	two
16426	Two men standing in front of a pair of bathroom sinks and mirrors remove the robes they 're wearing to reveal spandex clothing , then turn to face the camera to speak .	what are two men standing in front of a pair of bathroom sinks and mirrors remove , then turn to face the camera to speak ?	robes
16426	Two men standing in front of a pair of bathroom sinks and mirrors remove the robes they 're wearing to reveal spandex clothing , then turn to face the camera to speak .	how many men is standing in front of a pair of bathroom sinks and mirrors remove the robes they 're wearing to reveal spandex clothing , then turn to face the camera to speak ?	two
16427	A large group of people ride bicycles down the road .	what do the large group of people ride down the road ?	bicycles
16428	A barefoot man stands in a bathroom .	who stands in the bathroom ?	man
16428	A barefoot man stands in a bathroom .	where does the barefoot man stand . ?	bathroom
16432	The man demonstrates how to lather up your legs .	who demonstrates how to lather up your legs ?	man
16433	The two men demonstrate how to use a razor to shave your legs .	how many men demonstrate how to use the razor to shave your legs ?	two
16435	A man rides a bike down the road .	who rides the bike down the road ?	man
16435	A man rides a bike down the road .	what does the man rid down the road ?	bicycle
16436	The two men shave their other leg .	how many men shave their other leg ?	two
16437	two kids are standing in front of a christmas tree showing purple boots that are on the christmas tree hanging .	who are standing in front of a christmas tree showing purple boots that are on the christmas tree hanging ?	kids
16437	two kids are standing in front of a christmas tree showing purple boots that are on the christmas tree hanging .	how many kids are standing in front of a christmas tree showing purple boots that are on the christmas tree hanging ?	two
16437	two kids are standing in front of a christmas tree showing purple boots that are on the christmas tree hanging .	what is the color of the boots ?	purple
16438	the kids are pointing out the balls and the ornamens .	who are pointing out the balls and the ornamens ?	kids
16439	the kids stands next to the three and say goodbye to the camera .	who stands next to the three and say goodbye to the camera ?	kids
16440	A woman is dancing on a stage .	who is dancing on the stage ?	woman
16442	Ballerinas are dancing on a stage .	who are dancing on the stage ?	ballerinas
16444	A family pulls their inter tubes along by hand and the top of the hill .	what does the family pull along by hand and the top of the hill ?	tubes
16448	An athletic man is seen spinning in circles and throwing a discuss long across a field .	who is seen spinning in circles and throwing a discuss long across a field ?	man
16449	He steps up and throws several more balls in a circle while in the end wiping sweat off his face with his shirt .	what does he throw in a circle while in the end wiping sweat off his face with his shirt ?	balls
16450	A man is seen walking across a yard while holding a stick in his hand .	who is seen walking across the yard while holding a stick in his hand ?	man
16451	The man is then seen playing a game of crochet while others watch on the side .	who is then seen playing the game of crochet while others watch on the side ?	man
16452	The man continues to hit the ball around as well as bend down and measure out his shots .	who continues to hit the ball around as well as bend down and measure out his shots ?	man
16454	Limes are cut into pieces on a white cutting board .	what is the color of the board ?	white
16458	A news woman sits at a desk , talking .	who sits at the desk , talking ?	woman
16461	We see a pregnant lady doing ballet in a studio .	who do we see doing ballet in a studio ?	lady
16462	The lady spins and does a pliea .	who spins and does the pliea ?	lady
16464	The lady then walks off camera while laughing .	who then walks off camera while laughing ?	lady
16464	The lady then walks off camera while laughing .	what does the lady then walk off while laughing ?	camera
16465	Two water faucets are running and show a persons hands under the sink .	what are running and show the persons hands under the sink ?	faucets
16465	Two water faucets are running and show a persons hands under the sink .	how many water faucets are running and show the persons hands under the sink ?	two
16466	The man moves his hands around and then ends with him wiping his hands through his hair .	who moves his hands around and then ends with him wiping his hands through his hair ?	man
16467	A man in a pink suit talks to a man in a red suit and man not wearing a shirt .	what is the color of the suit ?	red
16468	They play rock paper scissors .	what do they play ?	scissors
16470	The man not wearing a shirt chases the man in the pink suit .	who not wearing a shirt chases the man in the pink suit ?	man
16470	The man not wearing a shirt chases the man in the pink suit .	the man not wearing what chases the man in the pink suit ?	shirt
16472	The man not wearing a shirt throws a white barrel at the man on the ground .	who not wearing a shirt throws a white barrel at the man on the ground ?	man
16472	The man not wearing a shirt throws a white barrel at the man on the ground .	the man not wearing what throws a white barrel at the man on the ground ?	shirt
16472	The man not wearing a shirt throws a white barrel at the man on the ground .	the man not wearing a shirt throws what at the man on the ground ?	barrel
16472	The man not wearing a shirt throws a white barrel at the man on the ground .	what is the color of the barrel ?	white
16473	A man in a black suit comes out from the bushes .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
16474	He fights the man in the red suit .	what is the color of the suit ?	red
16475	The man with out a shirt throws a barrel on the man in the black suit .	what does the man with out a shirt throw on the man in the black suit ?	barrel
16475	The man with out a shirt throws a barrel on the man in the black suit .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
16476	A jump runner warms up before going in for a long jump .	who warms up before going in for the long jump ?	runner
16480	A man makes repairs to a bicycle on the hardwood floors of a bedroom while two cats look on .	who makes repairs to a bicycle on the hardwood floors of a bedroom while two cats look on ?	man
16480	A man makes repairs to a bicycle on the hardwood floors of a bedroom while two cats look on .	how many cats does the man make repairs to a bicycle on the hardwood floors of a bedroom while look on ?	two
16481	A man enters a bedroom and takes a part a bicycle on his bedroom floor .	who enters the bedroom and takes a part a bicycle on his bedroom floor ?	man
16481	A man enters a bedroom and takes a part a bicycle on his bedroom floor .	what does the man enter ?	bedroom
16482	The man then makes repairs using tools while two cats walk around the periphery watching and moving around .	who then makes repairs using tools while two cats walk around the periphery watching and moving around ?	man
16482	The man then makes repairs using tools while two cats walk around the periphery watching and moving around .	the man then makes repairs using what ?	tools
16482	The man then makes repairs using tools while two cats walk around the periphery watching and moving around .	the man then makes repairs using tools while how many cats walk around the periphery watching and moving around ?	two
16483	A kid in a blue shirt is long boarding .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
16486	A young woman is seen standing next to a horse and speaking to a small group .	who is seen standing next to the horse and speaking to a small group ?	woman
16490	The camera pans left and we see the driving court .	what left and we see the driving court ?	pans
16491	A person in purple drives past the camera .	what is the color of the drives ?	purple
16492	A girl smiles at the camera as she drives past .	who smiles at the camera as she drives past ?	girl
16494	The person cuts up bread following by laying various ingredients on the bread .	what does the person cut up following by laying various ingredients on the bread ?	bread
16495	The person closes the bread to make sandwiches followed by putting them in a french press and presenting them to the camera .	what does the person close ?	bread
16496	A man is seen performing break dancing moves in the middle of a city square while people walk in and out of frame .	who is seen performing break dancing moves in the middle of a city square while people walk in and out of frame ?	man
16497	The man continues to dance around and hold poses while looking back to the camera .	who continues to dance around and hold poses while looking back to the camera ?	man
16498	Two people does kick box in a boxing ring on front a crowd , while the referee turns around the boxers .	how many people does kick box in a boxing ring on front a crowd , while the referee turns around the boxers ?	two
16499	The referee fix the helmet of the boxer .	who fix the helmet of the boxer ?	referee
16500	A stick fly and lands on the boxing ring .	what fly and lands on the boxing ring ?	stick
16508	A camera pans around a beach area followed by people walking with a surf board and proceeding to do tricks on the water .	what pans around the beach area followed by people walking with a surf board and proceeding to do tricks on the water ?	camera
16509	The camera captures the men performing different tricks as well as swimming in the ocean and moving in slow motion .	what captures the men performing different tricks as well as swimming in the ocean and moving in slow motion ?	camera
16510	A water polo game is shown , with one player highlighted .	who is shown , with one player highlighted ?	game
16511	A man dressed in white walks back and forth by the poolside in the background .	who dressed in white walks back and forth by the poolside in the background ?	man
16512	A man dressed in white is shown standing in the foreground and gesturing .	who dressed in white is shown standing in the foreground and gesturing ?	man
16513	A man dressed in yellow and black winter clothes ice fishes on a a frozen lake .	who dressed in yellow and black winter clothes ice fishes on a a frozen lake ?	man
16513	A man dressed in yellow and black winter clothes ice fishes on a a frozen lake .	what is the color of the clothes ?	black
16514	The man is reeling in a fish for a long time .	who is reeling in the fish for a long time ?	man
16515	The mans catch finally reaches the surface .	who finally reaches the surface ?	catch
16515	The mans catch finally reaches the surface .	what does the mans catch finally reach ?	surface
16516	People are playing a game of water polo in a swimming pool .	where are people playing a game of water polo . ?	pool
16518	A man blows a whistle on the side of the swimming pool .	who blows the whistle on the side of the swimming pool ?	man
16519	A weightlifter stands on a wooden platform in a gym room and lifts heavily weighted bar bells above his head , several times while surrounded by onlookers .	who stands on the wooden platform in a gym room and lifts heavily weighted bar bells above his head , several times while surrounded by onlookers ?	weightlifter
16519	A weightlifter stands on a wooden platform in a gym room and lifts heavily weighted bar bells above his head , several times while surrounded by onlookers .	what does the weightlifter lift heavily above his head , several times ?	bells
16520	The man performs several more lifts of the bell bending at the knees first and then hoisting the bell to the shoulders before throwing the weight on the floor .	who performs several more lifts of the bell bending at the knees first and then hoisting the bell to the shoulders before throwing the weight on the floor ?	man
16521	The man shakes hands and hugs the onlookers when through with the demonstration .	who shakes hands and hugs the onlookers when through with the demonstration ?	man
16521	The man shakes hands and hugs the onlookers when through with the demonstration .	who do the man hugs ?	onlookers
16524	There are children running around on the ground .	who are there running around on the ground ?	children
16525	There 's another man walking on the tight rope .	who does there 's walking on the tight rope ?	man
16527	One man continues to walk and jump and bounce on the tight rope , doing stunts as the people watch him .	who continues to walk and jump and bounce on the tight rope , doing stunts as the people watch him ?	man
16527	One man continues to walk and jump and bounce on the tight rope , doing stunts as the people watch him .	how many man continues to walk and jump and bounce on the tight rope , doing stunts as the people watch him ?	one
16528	There is a bicycle fallen on the ground with its wheels turning fast .	what is there fallen on the ground with its wheels turning fast ?	bicycle
16529	A man cuts the hedge of a house using a trimmer .	who cuts the hedge of a house using a trimmer ?	man
16530	The man stops cutting and pulls the wire of the trimmer and continues cutting .	who stops cutting and pulls the wire of the trimmer and continues cutting ?	man
16531	A young boy is seen sitting on a chair talking to the camera .	who is seen sitting on the chair talking to the camera ?	boy
16534	A few children are dressed up to go out on dirtbikes .	who are dressed up to go out on dirtbikes ?	children
16535	The children do jumps and make fast turns .	who do jumps and make fast turns ?	children
16536	An onboard camera captures all of the fun .	what captures all of the fun ?	camera
16537	A young man is painting the fence .	who is painting the fence ?	man
16537	A young man is painting the fence .	what is the young man painting ?	fence
16538	A man in white shirt came up to the man in stripes and talk to him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
16539	The man in stripes painted the bread , then he is talking in his cellphone .	what did the man in stripes paint , then he is talking in his cellphone ?	bread
16540	There are two people sailing on a speed boat through the ocean on a sunny day .	how many people are there sailing on a speed boat through the ocean on a sunny day ?	two
16542	One of the sailors pulls a red rope as he wake boards on the steam boat .	what does one of the sailors pull ?	rope
16542	One of the sailors pulls a red rope as he wake boards on the steam boat .	what is the color of the rope ?	red
16544	Several other steam boats pass by them as they sail through the ocean .	what pass by them as they sail through the ocean ?	boats
16545	A woman is in a home gym , talking to the camera .	who is in the home gym , talking to the camera ?	woman
16545	A woman is in a home gym , talking to the camera .	where is the woman , talking to the camera . ?	gym
16549	A guy run with a thin , elongated stick and throws the stick .	who run with the thin , elongated stick and throws the stick ?	guy
16549	A guy run with a thin , elongated stick and throws the stick .	what does the guy throw ?	stick
16550	The guy sticks out his tongue .	who sticks out his tongue ?	guy
16551	The guy holds his lips together and raises his hand .	who holds his lips together and raises his hand ?	guy
16552	The guy smiles and puts a cloth down .	who smiles and puts the cloth down ?	guy
16552	The guy smiles and puts a cloth down .	what does the guy put down ?	cloth
16554	the participants take turns to use their bow and arrow to aim art the target board placed several feet away from them .	who take turns to use their bow and arrow to aim art the target board placed several feet away from them ?	participants
16555	The archers aim their arrows and shoot at the target to aim for the bulls eye .	who aim their arrows and shoot at the target to aim for the bulls eye ?	archers
16561	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a wire in his hands .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a wire in his hands ?	man
16564	A clip is shown of a bunch of people white water rafting down some pretty tough river streams .	what is shown of the bunch of people white water rafting down some pretty tough river streams ?	clip
16564	A clip is shown of a bunch of people white water rafting down some pretty tough river streams .	what is the color of the water ?	white
16566	They almost hit a rock as they all paddle very hard .	what did they almost hit ?	rock
16570	A lady is standing and holding a hammer .	who is standing and holding the hammer ?	lady
16570	A lady is standing and holding a hammer .	what is the lady standing and holding ?	hammer
16571	The lady spins with the hammer and throws the hammer .	who spins with the hammer and throws the hammer ?	lady
16571	The lady spins with the hammer and throws the hammer .	what does the lady throw ?	hammer
16572	The lady leaves after releasing the hammer .	who leaves after releasing the hammer ?	lady
16573	children are playing in an olimpic pool and a woman is talking to camera .	who are playing in an olimpic pool and a woman is talking to camera ?	children
16573	children are playing in an olimpic pool and a woman is talking to camera .	who are children playing in an olimpic pool and is talking to camera ?	woman
16573	children are playing in an olimpic pool and a woman is talking to camera .	where are children playing and a woman is talking to camera . ?	pool
16574	kid is using sunscreen and a woman is talking about coppertone sunscreen recommended for kids .	who is using sunscreen and a woman is talking about coppertone sunscreen recommended for kids ?	kid
16574	kid is using sunscreen and a woman is talking about coppertone sunscreen recommended for kids .	what is kid using and a woman is talking about coppertone sunscreen recommended for kids ?	sunscreen
16574	kid is using sunscreen and a woman is talking about coppertone sunscreen recommended for kids .	who is kid using sunscreen and is talking about coppertone sunscreen recommended for kids ?	woman
16575	A man is using a hookah inside a room .	who is using the hookah inside a room ?	man
16577	Another man takes the hookah and takes a hit as well .	who takes the hookah and takes a hit as well ?	man
16580	A man is bowling and misses one pin with his first ball .	who is bowling and misses one pin with his first ball ?	man
16580	A man is bowling and misses one pin with his first ball .	how many pin does the man miss with his first ball ?	one
16582	The man switches balls and bowls several more rounds getting mostly strikes .	who switches balls and bowls several more rounds getting mostly strikes ?	man
16582	The man switches balls and bowls several more rounds getting mostly strikes .	what does the man switch ?	balls
16582	The man switches balls and bowls several more rounds getting mostly strikes .	what does the man bowl ?	rounds
16583	He changes his ball again and bowls two more strikes .	what does he change again ?	ball
16583	He changes his ball again and bowls two more strikes .	how many more strikes does he bowl ?	two
16586	Two men play in the street paper , scissors and stone on front other people .	how many men play in the street paper , scissors and stone on front other people ?	two
16587	A man talks with people watching him .	who talks with people watching him ?	man
16588	a man is shown inside a swimming pool .	who is shown inside the swimming pool ?	man
16589	He tosses a ball over and over to his dog .	what does he toss over and over to his dog ?	ball
16590	The dog continuously bounces the ball back with his nose .	what continuously bounces the ball back with his nose ?	dog
16590	The dog continuously bounces the ball back with his nose .	what does the dog continuously bounce back with his nose ?	ball
16591	A woman in a green shirt is standing outside holding a hula hoop .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
16596	Once they reach the bottom , they grab their tube and begin to walk off the slope .	what do , they grab ?	tube
16597	An intro video with a blue screen that has a picture of a drawn ship is in the background while yellow words scroll from the bottom to the top .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
16597	An intro video with a blue screen that has a picture of a drawn ship is in the background while yellow words scroll from the bottom to the top .	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
16601	A man is seated , playing a guitar .	who is seated , playing the guitar ?	man
16605	The camera stays on number 2 the whole time .	what stays on number 2 the whole time ?	camera
16606	A man named bob is running and does a long jump .	who named bob is running and does a long jump ?	man
16609	Then another man named ralph is going to take his own turn next .	who did then name ralph is going to take his own turn next ?	man
16610	A man is seen looking closely into the camera followed by a person wake boarding and performing various tricks .	who is seen looking closely into the camera followed by a person wake boarding and performing various tricks ?	man
16613	The camera captures the runners from several angles and leads into them performing jumps .	what captures the runners from several angles and leads into them performing jumps ?	camera
16613	The camera captures the runners from several angles and leads into them performing jumps .	who does the camera capture from several angles ?	runners
16614	The runners continuously jump into the pit and end with text across the screen .	who continuously jump into the pit and end with text across the screen ?	runners
16616	The man in black puts a piece of cardboard on his windshield .	what is the color of the man ?	black
16621	A man jumps over stairs and runs into the camera .	who jumps over stairs and runs into the camera ?	man
16621	A man jumps over stairs and runs into the camera .	what does the man jump over ?	stairs
16622	A man falls and another runs into the camera .	who falls and another runs into the camera ?	man
16626	The last screen is the light gray screen first shown and include the company name , number and the website .	what is the light gray screen first shown and include the company name , number and the website ?	screen
16626	The last screen is the light gray screen first shown and include the company name , number and the website .	what is the last screen first shown and include the company name , number and the website ?	screen
16626	The last screen is the light gray screen first shown and include the company name , number and the website .	what is the color of the screen ?	gray
16627	A girl sits in front of a lap top .	who sits in front of a lap top ?	girl
16628	She is smoking a hookah with a red tip , and blowing the smoke out of her mouth .	what is she smoking with a red tip , and blowing the smoke out of her mouth ?	hookah
16628	She is smoking a hookah with a red tip , and blowing the smoke out of her mouth .	what is the color of the tip ?	red
16629	She laughs , then shares the hookah with another woman , who changes the tip and smokes as well .	she then shares what with another woman , who changes the tip ?	hookah
16630	The women talk and smoke at the table for a long time .	who talk and smoke at the table for a long time ?	women
16632	A woman is doing another woman 's hair .	who is doing another woman 's hair ?	woman
16632	A woman is doing another woman 's hair .	who is the woman doing hair ?	woman
16633	People are doing hair in a hair salon .	where are people doing hair . ?	salon
16634	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding various objects in her hands and begins spraying down a window in front of her .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding various objects in her hands and begins spraying down a window in front of her ?	woman
16635	The woman wipes down the window with a rag as well as a scraper and continues to look back and speak to the camera .	who wipes down the window with a rag as well as a scraper and continues to look back and speak to the camera ?	woman
16636	A girl pours liquid from a bottle to a cup that holds a young lady , then they rinse their mouths while making gestures and laughing .	who pours liquid from the bottle to a cup that holds a young lady , then they rinse their mouths while making gestures and laughing ?	girl
16637	After , the young lady spits the liquid and then she pock the cheek of the girl who spits .	who does after , spit the liquid and then she pock the cheek of the girl who spits ?	lady
16638	Next , the girl turns on the faucet of the bathtub and bend , after the girl turns off the faucet and clean her hands while speaking .	who does next , turn on the faucet of the bathtub and bend , after the girl turns off the faucet and clean her hands while speaking ?	girl
16639	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
16640	We see a man talking .	who do we see talking ?	man
16641	The man wets his hands and adds soap .	who wets his hands and adds soap ?	man
16641	The man wets his hands and adds soap .	what does the man add ?	soap
16643	The man rinses his hands .	who rinses his hands ?	man
16644	The man drys his hands and turns the water off with the paper towel .	who drys his hands and turns the water off with the paper towel ?	man
16647	A man practices a long jump inside of an indoor gym using a interior sandbox for landing and a drawn race track isle .	who practices the long jump inside of an indoor gym using a interior sandbox for landing and a drawn race track isle ?	man
16648	Another man practices hurling himself backward over a pole onto a gym mat inside of the gym .	who practices hurling himself backward over a pole onto a gym mat inside of the gym ?	man
16650	There are two contestants participating in the athletic jump competition .	who are there participating in the athletic jump competition ?	contestants
16650	There are two contestants participating in the athletic jump competition .	how many contestants are there participating in the athletic jump competition ?	two
16652	Both the contestants successfully jump over the bar .	who successfully jump over the bar ?	contestants
16657	The skier going fast downhill is demonstrating how to turn and manage speed while going downhill .	who is going fast downhill is demonstrating how to turn and manage speed while going downhill ?	skier
16659	The skier continues to ski downhill steadily on steep and winding slopes .	who continues to ski downhill steadily on steep and winding slopes ?	skier
16660	There 's a girl with light eyes and dark brown hair talking about a colored eye lenses .	what is the color of the hair ?	brown
16662	She opens a small glass bottle that contains the colored lenses .	what does she open ?	bottle
16663	She removes the lens out and places it on her finger .	what does she remove out ?	lens
16665	She shows the yellow colored lens that she has worn .	what does she show ?	lens
16665	She shows the yellow colored lens that she has worn .	what is the color of the lens ?	yellow
16668	The man goes halfway up the yard and turns around .	who goes halfway up the yard and turns around ?	man
16671	The man goes right on a fork in the tracks on a cart and around a bend .	who goes right on the fork in the tracks on a cart and around a bend ?	man
16672	A young child uses a toy vacuum cleaner on a wood floor .	who uses the toy vacuum cleaner on a wood floor ?	child
16673	The mom comes and helps the child .	who comes and helps the child ?	mom
16673	The mom comes and helps the child .	who does the mom come and helps ?	child
16683	We see shots of men riding outdoors and another gate opens .	what do we see shots of men riding outdoors and opens ?	gate
16684	We see a bike laying on it 's side .	what do we see laying on it 's side ?	bicycle
16685	A intro begins and shows a man holding a shovel and talking to the camera .	who does the intro begin and shows holding a shovel and talking to the camera ?	man
16685	A intro begins and shows a man holding a shovel and talking to the camera .	the intro begins and shows a man holding what and talking to the camera ?	shovel
16688	A man is seen sitting in his car and another puts his gloves on .	who is seen sitting in his car and another puts his gloves on ?	man
16688	A man is seen sitting in his car and another puts his gloves on .	what is the man seen and another puts on ?	gloves
16688	A man is seen sitting in his car and another puts his gloves on .	where is the man seen sitting and another puts his gloves on . ?	car
16690	We see two girls one sitting the other bending over .	how many girls do we see one sitting the other bending over ?	two
16693	little kid is in a parking playing hopscotch next to cars .	who is in the parking playing hopscotch next to cars ?	kid
16694	man wearing shorts is standing next to the hopscotch game .	who is wearing shorts is standing next to the hopscotch game ?	man
16694	man wearing shorts is standing next to the hopscotch game .	man wearing what is standing next to the hopscotch game ?	shorts
16695	litle blond kid is standing in street playing in font of a man .	who is standing in street playing in font of a man ?	kid
16696	A large rock is shown followed by people moving around objects and leading into a new segment .	what is shown followed by people moving around objects and leading into a new segment ?	rock
16697	A man is then seen cutting up a pumpkin while a woman speaks and leads into a weather report .	who is then seen cutting up the pumpkin while a woman speaks and leads into a weather report ?	man
16698	The man then shows the pumpkin around a group of people as well as close up .	who then shows the pumpkin around a group of people as well as close up ?	man
16698	The man then shows the pumpkin around a group of people as well as close up .	what does the man then show around a group of people ?	pumpkin
16699	There are horses , and they are getting off a trailer .	what are there , and they are getting off a trailer ?	horses
16699	There are horses , and they are getting off a trailer .	who are there horses , and they are getting off ?	trailer
16701	A woman is seen washing her hands under a sink with a light appearing in the water for temperature .	who is seen washing her hands under a sink with a light appearing in the water for temperature ?	woman
16704	A man sails on a sailboard passing on front other sailors .	who sails on the sailboard passing on front other sailors ?	man
16705	A plane fly above the beach where people sail .	what fly above the beach where people sail ?	airplane
16706	A woman takes picture of the city from a hill .	who takes picture of the city from a hill ?	woman
16708	A man helps a woman mount a horse in the woods .	who helps the woman mount a horse in the woods ?	man
16709	She feeds the horse apples as they ride through the wooded paths .	what does she feed ?	apples
16710	A boy is standing out in the woods holding a piece of bark and talking to the camera .	who is standing out in the woods holding a piece of bark and talking to the camera ?	boy
16711	A woman is seen making a stack of logs while the boy walks into frame .	who is seen making the stack of logs while the boy walks into frame ?	woman
16713	The fire gradually gets bigger and the woman puts more and more bark into it .	who does the fire gradually get bigger and puts more and more bark into it ?	woman
16713	The fire gradually gets bigger and the woman puts more and more bark into it .	what does the fire gradually get bigger and the woman puts into it ?	bark
16714	A man is seen wearing a red shirt and standing next to a fooseball table .	who is seen wearing the red shirt and standing next to a fooseball table ?	man
16714	A man is seen wearing a red shirt and standing next to a fooseball table .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
16715	The man plays a bit followed by holding up a beer can and presenting it to the camera .	who plays the bit followed by holding up a beer can and presenting it to the camera ?	man
16716	The man then continues to play while the camera zooms in on the table .	who then continues to play while the camera zooms in on the table ?	man
16717	A man runs all around doing jump rope while the crowd cheers .	who runs all around doing jump rope while the crowd cheers ?	man
16719	The man finishes the routine and then runs over to hug a woman .	who finishes the routine and then runs over to hug a woman ?	man
16720	Two kids are seen standing around in indoor room holding tennis rackets .	who are seen standing around in indoor room holding tennis rackets ?	kids
16720	Two kids are seen standing around in indoor room holding tennis rackets .	how many kids are seen standing around in indoor room holding tennis rackets ?	two
16721	The camera pans around to children hitting the ball holding tennis rackets .	what pans around to children hitting the ball holding tennis rackets ?	camera
16722	The kids continue to hit the ball around one another .	who continue to hit the ball around one another ?	kids
16724	The cameraman aims all around him from capturing others and shooting several times off into the distance .	who aims all around him from capturing others and shooting several times off into the distance ?	cameraman
16726	A man is kneeling down on a blue mat .	who is kneeling down on the blue mat ?	man
16726	A man is kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
16727	Another man kneels down on the ground next to him .	who kneels down on the ground next to him ?	man
16728	The man lifts up one end of a weight and lifts it over his head .	who lifts up one end of a weight and lifts it over his head ?	man
16729	A man wearing black socks is shown putting his black leather shoes on and tying his laces .	who is wearing black socks is shown putting his black leather shoes on and tying his laces ?	man
16729	A man wearing black socks is shown putting his black leather shoes on and tying his laces .	the man wearing what is shown putting his black leather shoes on and tying his laces ?	socks
16729	A man wearing black socks is shown putting his black leather shoes on and tying his laces .	what is the color of the socks ?	black
16729	A man wearing black socks is shown putting his black leather shoes on and tying his laces .	what is the color of the shoes ?	black
16730	There 's another person wearing brown leather shoes on black socks .	what is the color of the shoes ?	brown
16730	There 's another person wearing brown leather shoes on black socks .	what is the color of the socks ?	black
16731	He ties the laces tightly to secure them .	what does he tie tightly to secure them ?	laces
16732	Then another scene shows a person wearing leather slip on shoes over black socks .	what is the color of the socks ?	black
16733	Followed by several scenes showing the person wearing brown leather shoes with laces .	what is the color of the shoes ?	brown
16734	He wears the shoes over black socks and ties the shoe laces securely .	what does he tie securely ?	laces
16734	He wears the shoes over black socks and ties the shoe laces securely .	what is the color of the socks ?	black
16735	He then stands up after he 's done wearing the brown leather shoes .	what is the color of the shoes ?	brown
16738	Two men are playing wall ball in a room .	how many men are playing wall ball in a room ?	two
16738	Two men are playing wall ball in a room .	where are two men playing wall ball . ?	room
16740	The man pretends his racket is a guitar .	who pretends his racket is a guitar ?	man
16744	women are standing in a field walking and sitting on stands .	who are standing in the field walking and sitting on stands ?	women
16746	A young man wearing a tie die shirt is seen speaking to the camera and then shows him picking out some clothes .	who is wearing a tie die shirt is seen speaking to the camera and then shows him picking out some clothes ?	man
16747	He shows off his legs and then runs an electric razor down his legs shaving off the hair .	he then runs what down his legs ?	razor
16749	We see astronauts floating in a ship .	who do we see floating in a ship ?	astronauts
16750	The man hands the lady the microphone .	who hands the lady the microphone ?	man
16750	The man hands the lady the microphone .	what does the man hand the lady ?	microphone
16751	The middle man crosses his hands and has the microphone .	who crosses his hands and has the microphone ?	man
16751	The middle man crosses his hands and has the microphone .	what does the middle man have ?	microphone
16752	The lady gets the microphone back and talks .	who gets the microphone back and talks ?	lady
16752	The lady gets the microphone back and talks .	what does the lady get back ?	microphone
16753	The lady grabs flute and plays .	who grabs flute and plays ?	lady
16753	The lady grabs flute and plays .	what does the lady grab ?	flute
16754	A woman is seen walking with a horse and pans around to another girl walking away .	who is seen walking with the horse and pans around to another girl walking away ?	woman
16755	More girls are seen holding a product and speaking to the camera and leads into the girls showing how to clean the horse and brushing the horse .	who are seen holding the product and speaking to the camera and leads into the girls showing how to clean the horse and brushing the horse ?	girls
16756	A man is using an elliptical trainer while standing .	who is using an elliptical trainer while standing ?	man
16756	A man is using an elliptical trainer while standing .	who is the man using while standing ?	trainer
16757	Then a woman sits on it as she uses it in another fashion .	who does then sit on it as she uses it in another fashion ?	woman
16764	They are paddling the rafts through harsh white water rapids .	what is the color of the rapids ?	white
16766	A man is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a kayak and holding a toy person on a kayak around in his lap .	who is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a kayak and holding a toy person on a kayak around in his lap ?	man
16766	A man is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a kayak and holding a toy person on a kayak around in his lap .	where is the man seen speaking to the camera while sitting and holding a toy person on a kayak around in his lap . ?	kayak
16767	The man continues to speak to the camera while holding the object and leads into him riding around in the kayak .	who continues to speak to the camera while holding the object and leads into him riding around in the kayak ?	man
16768	A little boy is filling an ice cream cone with ice cream .	who is filling an ice cream cone with ice cream ?	boy
16768	A little boy is filling an ice cream cone with ice cream .	what is the little boy filling with ice cream ?	cone
16769	He licks the ice cream cone .	what does he lick ?	cone
16770	He lifts the ice cream cone up to show the camera .	what does he lift up ?	cone
16771	When the pictures are done a dark gray screen appears that include the name of the stucco company , their phone number and their website .	what is the color of the screen ?	gray
16772	The host appears talking once again and it ends with the words a screen saying BEST OF THE BEST TELEVISION and then a screen naming the producer and his website .	who appears talking once again and it ends with the words a screen saying best of the best television and then a screen naming the producer and his website ?	host
16773	Some white text on a black background explains that no humans were injured during this video .	what is the color of the text ?	white
16773	Some white text on a black background explains that no humans were injured during this video .	what is the color of the background ?	black
16774	A young man is making some faces to the camera while standing in front of a rock .	who is making some faces to the camera while standing in front of a rock ?	man
16775	Some footage plays of other people tight rope walking and doing other tricks on the tight rope .	what plays of other people tight rope walking and doing other tricks on the tight rope ?	footage
16776	An older man is riding a tiny bicycle inside a store .	who is riding the tiny bicycle inside a store ?	man
16777	More footage is shown of tight rope walkers tripping and falling .	what is shown of tight rope walkers tripping and falling ?	footage
16779	A person is seen riding along the water in a kayak .	where is the person seen riding along the water . ?	kayak
16780	The person uses a paddle to push themselves around the water while looking off into the distance .	what does the person use ?	paddle
16782	A man , with a saxophone around his neck , demonstrates how to play the saxophone in front of a green chalkboard and next to a brown piano .	what is the color of the chalkboard ?	green
16782	A man , with a saxophone around his neck , demonstrates how to play the saxophone in front of a green chalkboard and next to a brown piano .	what is the color of the piano ?	brown
16783	The man points to different sections of the saxophone as he talks to the camera .	who points to different sections of the saxophone as he talks to the camera ?	man
16784	The man begins to play the saxophone briefly and then turns to the chalkboard and begins to write notes on it as he talks to the camera .	who begins to play the saxophone briefly and then turns to the chalkboard and begins to write notes on it as he talks to the camera ?	man
16787	A seated man is talking to a room full of soccer players .	who is talking to the room full of soccer players ?	man
16788	They kick the ball around in their locker room .	what do they kick around in their locker room ?	ball
16788	They kick the ball around in their locker room .	where do they kick the ball around . ?	room
16789	The man talks to the camera about the game .	who talks to the camera about the game ?	man
16793	The teens skateboard in the street day and night .	where did the teens skateboard day and night . ?	street
16794	Teens skateboard in a busy street , then they skateboard on the rails of a building .	where did teens skateboard , then they skateboard on the rails of a building . ?	street
16795	After , the teens skateboard day and night in the street .	where did after , the teens skateboard day and night . ?	street
16796	A man is seen holding up a shirt to the camera while the cameraman speaks and pans back to the man with the shirt .	who is seen holding up the shirt to the camera while the cameraman speaks and pans back to the man with the shirt ?	man
16797	The man holding speaking and points to an iron near him .	who is holding speaking and points to an iron near him ?	man
16801	More girls run down to shoot a basket and end by walking back together .	who run down to shoot the basket and end by walking back together ?	girls
16803	A circle then highlights the player and the game begins .	what then highlights the player and the game begins ?	circle
16804	As the game keeps going , the athlete is pictured several times when he does something spectacular .	who is , pictured several times when he does something spectacular ?	athlete
16805	A man holding a pole runs quickly towards the finish line and throws it quite far .	who is holding a pole runs quickly towards the finish line and throws it quite far ?	man
16805	A man holding a pole runs quickly towards the finish line and throws it quite far .	the man holding what runs quickly towards the finish line and throws it quite far ?	pole
16806	The athlete seems proud of his throw and his moment is shown again in slow motion .	who seems proud of his throw and his moment is shown again in slow motion ?	athlete
16807	The commentator continues to discuss his technique while replaying the throw several times .	who continues to discuss his technique while replaying the throw several times ?	commentator
16808	A person is pressing buttons on an oven .	what is the person pressing on an oven ?	buttons
16809	A girl pours ingredients into a bowl together .	who pours ingredients into a bowl together ?	girl
16809	A girl pours ingredients into a bowl together .	what does the girl pour into a bowl together ?	ingredients
16810	She mixes the ingredients using a mixer then puts more ingredients in the bowl .	where does she mix the ingredients using a mixer then puts more ingredients . ?	bowl
16812	She mixes a third time and adds chocolate chips , finally mixing one more time .	what does she add ?	chips
16812	She mixes a third time and adds chocolate chips , finally mixing one more time .	she mixes a third time and adds chocolate chips , finally mixing how many more time ?	one
16813	The oven peeps and she prepares a pan with cookie dough .	what peeps and she prepares a pan with cookie dough ?	oven
16814	She puts the dough into the oven and presses bake options .	what does she put into the oven and presses bake options ?	dough
16815	After several minutes she takes out the pan and spread the cookies out .	what do after several minutes she spread out ?	cookies
16817	She mixes ingredients into a container and pours out more water .	what does she mix into a container ?	ingredients
16818	In the she she shows off her lemonade .	what does in the she she show off ?	lemonade
16834	A group of men in all black plays tug of war while people stand around them .	what is the color of the tug ?	black
16838	There 's a guy wearing yellow rubber gloves demonstrating how to fix a tire on a car wheel .	who does there 's wearing yellow rubber gloves demonstrating how to fix a tire on a car wheel ?	guy
16838	There 's a guy wearing yellow rubber gloves demonstrating how to fix a tire on a car wheel .	there 's a guy wearing what ?	gloves
16838	There 's a guy wearing yellow rubber gloves demonstrating how to fix a tire on a car wheel .	what is the color of the gloves ?	yellow
16839	He is unscrewing the screws that hold the plates of the wheel .	who is he unscrewing ?	screws
16845	man is removing a thick layer of snow from a car .	who is removing the thick layer of snow from a car ?	man
16846	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a chair and leads to hear sitting in a shower holding a dog .	who is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a chair and leads to hear sitting in a shower holding a dog ?	woman
16846	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a chair and leads to hear sitting in a shower holding a dog .	where is the woman seen speaking to the camera while sitting and leads to hear sitting in a shower holding a dog . ?	chair
16847	She scrubs the dog down with soap and then rinses the dog off while speaking to the camera .	what does she scrub down with soap ?	dog
16847	She scrubs the dog down with soap and then rinses the dog off while speaking to the camera .	she then rinses what off ?	dog
16850	Four young girls perform on stage at the `` American Dance Championships . ''	who perform on stage at the `` american dance championships . '' ?	girls
16850	Four young girls perform on stage at the `` American Dance Championships . ''	how many young girls perform on stage at the `` american dance championships . '' ?	four
16851	The girls fall to the floor as part of the routine and continue to dance .	who fall to the floor as part of the routine and continue to dance ?	girls
16852	A man stands around a giant ball .	who stands around the giant ball ?	man
16853	The man kneels down and takes hold of a ball .	who kneels down and takes hold of a ball ?	man
16854	The man slides out with the ball , sliding the ball in front of him .	who slides out with the ball , sliding the ball in front of him ?	man
16855	A man is hit by the ball and falls down to the floor .	who is hit by the ball and falls down to the floor ?	man
16856	The man stands up and starts walking .	who stands up and starts walking ?	man
16857	Two teen boys are standing at a school playing rock , paper & scissors and are surrounded by a large group of teens who are watching .	who are standing at the school playing rock , paper & scissors and are surrounded by a large group of teens who are watching ?	boys
16857	Two teen boys are standing at a school playing rock , paper & scissors and are surrounded by a large group of teens who are watching .	how many teen boys are standing at the school playing rock , paper & scissors and are surrounded by a large group of teens who are watching ?	two
16858	A woman walks towards them to look at what they 're doing then walks back out of the circle .	who walks towards them to look at what they 're doing then walks back out of the circle ?	woman
16859	A man then walks to the boys and stops them by putting his hands on each boy and walking them off .	who then walks to the boys and stops them by putting his hands on each boy and walking them off ?	man
16860	A moving cloudy sky with lightning appears before we see white text .	what is the color of the text ?	white
16864	A woman speaks to the camera , then it cuts to a little boy using a hula hoop .	who speaks to the camera , then it cuts to a little boy using a hula hoop ?	woman
16865	The woman shows colored tape used to wrap a hose around and create the tube herself .	who shows colored tape used to wrap a hose around and create the tube herself ?	woman
16865	The woman shows colored tape used to wrap a hose around and create the tube herself .	what does the woman show used to wrap a hose around and create the tube herself ?	tape
16866	She shows off the final product , then the boy using the hula hoop again .	what does she show off , then the boy using the hula hoop again ?	product
16866	She shows off the final product , then the boy using the hula hoop again .	who does she show off the final product , then using the hula hoop again ?	boy
16866	She shows off the final product , then the boy using the hula hoop again .	what does she show off the final product , then the boy using again ?	hoop
16867	A woman is adjusting a camera in a bedroom .	who is adjusting the camera in a bedroom ?	woman
16867	A woman is adjusting a camera in a bedroom .	where is the woman adjusting a camera . ?	bedroom
16868	She is smoking a cigarette and ashing it into a tray .	what is she smoking and ashing it into a tray ?	cigarette
16869	She grinds the cigarette into the tray when she is finished .	what does she grind into the tray when she is finished ?	cigarette
16870	A woman doing a presentation on how to iron a shirt .	who is doing a presentation on how to iron a shirt ?	woman
16871	She is discussing the shirt and brings out a startch spray .	what is she discussing ?	shirt
16873	She then rearranges the shirt .	what does she then rearrange ?	shirt
16876	Next she flips over the shirt and places the sleeve down .	what does next she place down ?	sleeve
16878	She then flips the shirt over .	what does she then flip over ?	shirt
16883	A man in a white shirt is standing in a gym .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
16883	A man in a white shirt is standing in a gym .	where is the man in a white shirt standing . ?	gym
16885	He finishes and puts the bar down .	what does he put down ?	bar
16886	A lady dances and speaks indoors .	who dances and speaks indoors ?	lady
16887	The lady mixes all the ingredients and bakes colorful layers for a cake .	who mixes all the ingredients and bakes colorful layers for a cake ?	lady
16887	The lady mixes all the ingredients and bakes colorful layers for a cake .	what does the lady mix ?	ingredients
16887	The lady mixes all the ingredients and bakes colorful layers for a cake .	what does the lady bake for a cake ?	layers
16888	The lady added a lot of colorful embellishment to the layered cake .	who added the lot of colorful embellishment to the layered cake ?	lady
16889	The lady goes outside to a rabbit cage .	who goes outside to the rabbit cage ?	lady
16890	Two young boys stand on a residential driveway .	who stand on the residential driveway ?	boys
16890	Two young boys stand on a residential driveway .	how many young boys stand on the residential driveway ?	two
16891	The little boy plays hopscotch twice on the driveway .	who plays hopscotch twice on the driveway ?	boy
16892	A little girl plays the game too and then follows the other children away from the driveway .	who plays the game too and then follows the other children away from the driveway ?	girl
16892	A little girl plays the game too and then follows the other children away from the driveway .	the little girl then follows who away from the driveway ?	children
16893	A man in an orange jacket holding skis is walking on the snow to a hill .	what is the color of the skis ?	orange
16894	The person holding the camera puts their skis down and holds the poles .	the person holding what puts their skis down and holds the poles ?	camera
16894	The person holding the camera puts their skis down and holds the poles .	what is the person holding the camera puts down and holds the poles ?	skis
16894	The person holding the camera puts their skis down and holds the poles .	what is the person holding the camera puts their skis down and holds ?	poles
16895	The man in the orange jacket skis down the hill .	what is the color of the skis ?	orange
16896	The man holding the camera follows .	who is holding the camera follows ?	man
16896	The man holding the camera follows .	the man holding what follows ?	camera
16898	The man in the orange jacket can be seen in front of him skiing .	what is the color of the jacket ?	orange
16900	He takes off his glove and pulls his cell phone out .	what does he pull out ?	phone
16901	A man in a blue coat walks up to them and talks to them .	what is the color of the coat ?	blue
16902	A man up on the roof putting up some metal pieces through the shingles .	who up on the roof putting up some metal pieces through the shingles ?	man
16902	A man up on the roof putting up some metal pieces through the shingles .	the man up on the roof putting up what through the shingles ?	pieces
16903	He 's putting little metal pieces on the metal to keep them held .	what does he 's putting on the metal to keep them held ?	pieces
16908	The male stylist is does a client 's hair with products , a clipper , and hair dryer .	who is does the client 's hair with products , a clipper , and hair dryer ?	stylist
16908	The male stylist is does a client 's hair with products , a clipper , and hair dryer .	who is the male stylist does hair with products , a clipper , and hair dryer ?	client
16914	A track athlete prepares and stretches out on a starting line .	who prepares and stretches out on the starting line ?	athlete
16915	A track athlete runs down a track and high jumps over bar onto a mat .	who runs down the track and high jumps over bar onto a mat ?	athlete
16916	The athlete makes attempts at jumping over the bar but is unsuccessful knocking it down on the mat .	who makes attempts at jumping over the bar but is unsuccessful knocking it down on the mat ?	athlete
16917	A girl is doing flips on a trampoline in a gymnasium .	who is doing flips on the trampoline in a gymnasium ?	girl
16918	We then see a child dive backward into pool .	what do we then see backward into pool ?	dive
16920	We then see the kids diving again .	who do we then see again ?	diving
16922	A man is standing at a bar .	who is standing at the bar ?	man
16923	We see the title screen on how to make a drink .	what do we see on how to make a drink ?	screen
16924	The man pours three liquors and some lime soda in a glass .	who pours three liquors and some lime soda in a glass ?	man
16926	The man then drinks from the glass .	who then drinks from the glass ?	man
16927	The man points at the camera , we see the end sequence .	who points at the camera , we see the end sequence ?	man
16928	A boy walks up to a post on a very large indoor court .	who walks up to the post on a very large indoor court ?	boy
16932	A man is seen speaking to the camera outside while various objects and tools sit around him .	who is seen speaking to the camera outside while various objects and tools sit around him ?	man
16933	The man continues speaking and leads into clips of him pushing around a low mower .	who continues speaking and leads into clips of him pushing around a low mower ?	man
16936	A man is flipping and tumbling across a mat .	who is flipping and tumbling across the mat ?	man
16937	The same man flips across the mat again , this time not wearing a shirt .	who flips across the mat again , this time not wearing a shirt ?	man
16938	The man is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	man
16939	A woman with a blue bow in hair walks across the screen behind the man and begins talking to another woman who exits the screen .	what is the color of the bow ?	blue
16940	The shirtless man is shown flipping and tumbling across the screen again , this time he does not land his final flip and he falls onto his side .	who is shown flipping and tumbling across the screen again , this time he does not land his final flip and he falls onto his side ?	man
16942	The bystander points to his head and the gymnast also does the same to his own head .	who points to his head and the gymnast also does the same to his own head ?	bystander
16942	The bystander points to his head and the gymnast also does the same to his own head .	who does the bystander point to his head and also does the same to his own head ?	gymnast
16943	The gymnast is talking to the camera again explaining what happened during that routine .	who is talking to the camera again explaining what happened during that routine ?	gymnast
16946	The man is standing next to a couple of other guys , he jumps up in the air and does some kicks .	who is standing next to the couple of other guys , he jumps up in the air and does some kicks ?	man
16950	He is doing some more flips and landing on the red mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	red
16952	This time he is wearing a yellow shirt and starts by doing a kick , then starts flipping backwards .	what is this time he wearing ?	shirt
16952	This time he is wearing a yellow shirt and starts by doing a kick , then starts flipping backwards .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
16954	A man is seen standing in on a large field performing various dog tricks with a dog .	who is seen standing in on the large field performing various dog tricks with a dog ?	man
16956	A man looks around and grabs his face .	who looks around and grabs his face ?	man
16958	The man showcases a shaving unit and a balm .	who showcases the shaving unit and a balm ?	man
16959	He shows a bowl and swivels the shaving brush around it .	what does he show ?	bowl
16960	The man places shaving cream all over his face with the use of his shaving brush .	who places shaving cream all over his face with the use of his shaving brush ?	man
16962	He grabs the bowl again and swivels the shaving brush around the inside .	what does he grab again ?	bowl
16965	He splashes his face and dries it with a purple towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	purple
16967	A man in red turban stands in a kitchen .	what is the color of the turban ?	red
16967	A man in red turban stands in a kitchen .	where does the man stand in a kitchen . ?	turban
16968	He pours some ingredients into a glass .	what does he pour into a glass ?	ingredients
16972	The camera continues to capture the bottom of the floor as well as several fish and bottom feeders on the ground .	what continues to capture the bottom of the floor as well as several fish and bottom feeders on the ground ?	camera
16973	The scuba diver moves a flashlight around to capture the bottom and watches the wildlife move around .	who moves the flashlight around to capture the bottom and watches the wildlife move around ?	diver
16974	A man is walking on the grass wearing stilts .	who is walking on the grass wearing stilts ?	man
16978	The person continues painting bushes in the picture and ends with credits rolling above the screen .	what does the person continue in the picture ?	bushes
16980	The woman points to a pot and then begins peeling the potatoes and putting them into a pot .	who points to the pot and then begins peeling the potatoes and putting them into a pot ?	woman
16982	A woman is seen looking off into the distance followed by shots of her riding a horse and looking off into the distance .	who is seen looking off into the distance followed by shots of her riding a horse and looking off into the distance ?	woman
16983	The woman continues riding around on the horse and ends with her walking away and waving to the camera .	who continues riding around on the horse and ends with her walking away and waving to the camera ?	woman
16984	A female weightlifter is attempting to lift a set of weights .	who is attempting to lift the set of weights ?	weightlifter
16986	She raises the bar to her chest , pausing .	what does she raise to her chest , ?	bar
16988	A man is standing in front of another man while someone adjusts the table between them .	who is standing in front of another man while someone adjusts the table between them ?	man
16993	Two people are dancing in a dance studio .	how many people are dancing in the dance studio ?	two
16993	Two people are dancing in a dance studio .	where are two people dancing . ?	studio
16994	First the woman sways her hips a little bit and moves one foot behind the other .	first who sways her hips a little bit and moves one foot behind the other ?	woman
16994	First the woman sways her hips a little bit and moves one foot behind the other .	how many foot does first the woman move behind the other ?	one
16995	An ox is held by a trainer in a city plaza .	what is held by the trainer in a city plaza ?	ox
16996	Two ox duel with horns in a corral while trainers guide them .	how many ox duel with horns in a corral while trainers guide them ?	two
16998	Spectators watch and walk in the stands during the event .	who watch and walk in the stands during the event ?	spectators
16999	People are working out in a room stepping on a step stools .	where are people working out stepping on a step stools . ?	room
17000	A man in a white shirt is leading the group .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
17002	A boy holds an axe outside .	who holds an axe outside ?	boy
17002	A boy holds an axe outside .	what does the boy hold outside ?	axe
17004	Another boy is shown doing the same thing .	who is shown doing the same thing ?	boy
17006	A man is talking about making a spicy pasta dish .	who is talking about making the spicy pasta dish ?	man
17007	The man takes sausage and cooks it in a pan .	who takes sausage and cooks it in a pan ?	man
17007	The man takes sausage and cooks it in a pan .	where did the man cook it . ?	pan
17009	White wine is added to the mixture .	what is added to the mixture ?	wine
17011	Water is shown boiling in the pot .	where is water shown boiling . ?	pot
17012	Pasta and sauce are mixed together in the pot .	where are pasta and sauce mixed together . ?	pot
17013	The final pasta is added to a bowl and Parmesan cheese is added .	what is added to the bowl and parmesan cheese is added ?	pasta
17015	The people are looking around in amazement as one horse riding catches a calf almost instantly .	how many horse riding are the people looking around in amazement as catches a calf almost instantly ?	one
17019	A cat is laying on its back in someone 's lap .	what is laying on its back in someone 's lap ?	cat
17021	They finish and pet the cat 's foot .	what did they pet foot ?	cat
17024	She spanks her butt and stands there getting ready to start her run .	what does she spank ?	butt
17026	There are two young girls holding violins in their hands , standing with a music stand and a book with music notes behind them .	who are there holding violins in their hands , standing with a music stand and a book with music notes behind them ?	girls
17026	There are two young girls holding violins in their hands , standing with a music stand and a book with music notes behind them .	how many young girls are there holding violins in their hands , standing with a music stand and a book with music notes behind them ?	two
17027	The older girl is helping and teaching her younger sister to properly hold the violin by changing her head position .	who is helping and teaching her younger sister to properly hold the violin by changing her head position ?	girl
17027	The older girl is helping and teaching her younger sister to properly hold the violin by changing her head position .	who is the older girl helping and teaching ?	sister
17028	Then the older sister grabs her violin and tunes the strings of the violin .	then who grabs her violin and tunes the strings of the violin ?	sister
17028	Then the older sister grabs her violin and tunes the strings of the violin .	what does then the older sister grab ?	violin
17029	Then older sister begins playing the violin while the younger sister watches her .	who does then begin playing the violin while the younger sister watches her ?	sister
17030	The older girl shows her sister how to play the violin .	who shows her sister how to play the violin ?	girl
17030	The older girl shows her sister how to play the violin .	who does the older girl show ?	sister
17032	A man is shown on a stage , playing drums .	who is shown on the stage , playing drums ?	man
17036	One of them throws a ball onto the field and the people begin playing a game on their horses .	what does one of them throw onto the field and the people begin playing a game on their horses ?	ball
17037	There 's a man dressed in all white playing croquet in an open field .	who does there 's dressed in all white playing croquet in an open field ?	man
17037	There 's a man dressed in all white playing croquet in an open field .	what is the color of the croquet ?	white
17038	there are several chairs arranged in the field .	what are there arranged in the field ?	chairs
17039	He takes the mallet in his hand and hits the croquet ball to the hoop .	what does he hit to the hoop ?	ball
17040	He hits the ball and it lands straight into the hoop .	what does he hit and it lands straight into the hoop ?	ball
17041	A man picks up a ball with his racquet and swings it to his opponent over the net .	who picks up the ball with his racquet and swings it to his opponent over the net ?	man
17042	The opponent serves the ball .	who serves the ball ?	opponent
17042	The opponent serves the ball .	what does the opponent serve ?	ball
17046	The ball goes out of bounds .	what goes out of bounds ?	ball
17047	A man serves the ball and they engage in a brief back and forth of the ball before the ball falls to the ground .	who serves the ball and they engage in a brief back and forth of the ball before the ball falls to the ground ?	man
17047	A man serves the ball and they engage in a brief back and forth of the ball before the ball falls to the ground .	what does the man serve and they engage in a brief back and forth of the ball before the ball falls to the ground ?	ball
17048	We see a black title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
17048	We see a black title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
17049	A man walks to a brick wall with a squeegee and shows us a bottle of windex .	who walks to the brick wall with a squeegee and shows us a bottle of windex ?	man
17050	The man washes the window .	who washes the window ?	man
17050	The man washes the window .	what does the man wash ?	window
17051	The man sprays windex and washes off with squeegee .	who windex and washes off with squeegee ?	sprays
17052	The man uses leaf blower to dry the window .	who uses leaf blower to dry the window ?	man
17052	The man uses leaf blower to dry the window .	what does the man use ?	blower
17053	The man finishes and talks about the window before walking off .	who finishes and talks about the window before walking off ?	man
17054	TWo children are doing mixed martial arts in front of a television .	who are doing mixed martial arts in front of a television ?	children
17056	A man is seen in several shots on a skateboard in a dark warehouse .	who is seen in several shots on a skateboard in a dark warehouse ?	man
17057	The man then begins jumping on his board to demonstrate moves .	who then begins jumping on his board to demonstrate moves ?	man
17059	We see a hockey goalie skating on the ice .	who do we see hockey skating on the ice ?	goalie
17060	The goalie blocks shots repeatedly .	who blocks shots repeatedly ?	goalie
17061	We see the goalie laying on the ice .	who do we see laying on the ice ?	goalie
17063	The goalie sits on the ground as a person makes their shot .	who sits on the ground as a person makes their shot ?	goalie
17064	A man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is playing an acoustic guitar .	who is wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is playing an acoustic guitar ?	man
17064	A man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is playing ?	guitar
17064	A man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
17064	A man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the color of the jeans ?	blue
17065	He plays a riff as he moves his legs rhythmically .	who does he play ?	riff
17068	A man is seen laughing and smiling to himself and leads into him playing a piano before him .	who is seen laughing and smiling to himself and leads into him playing a piano before him ?	man
17069	The man pauses and looks off into the distance to see another man speaking to him as well as into a microphone .	who pauses and looks off into the distance to see another man speaking to him as well as into a microphone ?	man
17073	A guy prepares to play an instrument .	who prepares to play an instrument ?	guy
17074	The guy plays a saxophone and uses a microphone .	who plays the saxophone and uses a microphone ?	guy
17074	The guy plays a saxophone and uses a microphone .	what does the guy play ?	saxophone
17074	The guy plays a saxophone and uses a microphone .	what does the guy use ?	microphone
17075	The guy takes the saxophone out of his mouth and bents over .	who takes the saxophone out of his mouth and bents over ?	guy
17076	A person is painting a wooden fence .	what is the person painting ?	fence
17077	A cat 's paws can be seen coming out from under the fence .	what paws can be seen coming out from under the fence ?	cat
17077	A cat 's paws can be seen coming out from under the fence .	what can be seen coming out from under the fence ?	paws
17078	A dog is looking at the cat 's paws .	what is looking at the cat 's paws ?	dog
17079	A man watches a performance on tv while playing a set of hand drums at home .	who watches the performance on tv while playing a set of hand drums at home ?	man
17080	The man looks forward and focuses while playing the drums .	who looks forward and focuses while playing the drums ?	man
17081	The man leans back and plays vigorously on the drums .	who leans back and plays vigorously on the drums ?	man
17082	woman is riding a horse in a barn and another woman is leading the horse with a rope .	who is riding the horse in a barn and another woman is leading the horse with a rope ?	woman
17082	woman is riding a horse in a barn and another woman is leading the horse with a rope .	who is woman riding a horse in a barn and is leading the horse with a rope ?	woman
17082	woman is riding a horse in a barn and another woman is leading the horse with a rope .	what is woman riding a horse in a barn and another woman is leading with a rope ?	horse
17082	woman is riding a horse in a barn and another woman is leading the horse with a rope .	where is woman riding a horse and another woman is leading the horse with a rope . ?	barn
17084	woma is riding a horse in a barn and pictures of people riding horses .	what is woma riding in a barn and pictures of people riding horses ?	horse
17085	woman is riding a horse in a riding track .	who is riding the horse in a riding track ?	woman
17086	and a girl is jumping in the tracks too .	who is and jumping in the tracks too ?	girl
17087	childs are in a living room playing in front of a tv and pictues of theirs on the mood are shown .	who are in the living room playing in front of a tv and pictues of theirs on the mood are shown ?	childs
17088	childs are in a bridge dancing and jumping into the pool .	who are in the bridge dancing and jumping into the pool ?	childs
17089	A young boy swings at a pinata without getting a good hit on it .	who swings at the pinata without getting a good hit on it ?	boy
17090	The boy dodges the pinata that is swinging at him .	who dodges the pinata that is swinging at him ?	boy
17090	The boy dodges the pinata that is swinging at him .	what does the boy dodge ?	pinata
17091	The boy gives up and walks away .	who gives up and walks away ?	boy
17092	A man sits in a chair and talks while holding a harmonica and occasionally playing it while sitting in a front of green cloth backdrop .	who sits in the chair and talks while holding a harmonica and occasionally playing it while sitting in a front of green cloth backdrop ?	man
17092	A man sits in a chair and talks while holding a harmonica and occasionally playing it while sitting in a front of green cloth backdrop .	what is the color of the backdrop ?	green
17093	A bald man sits in a wooden chair and talks to the camera while holding , pointing to and occasionally playing a harmonica in his hands .	who sits in the wooden chair and talks to the camera while holding , pointing to and occasionally playing a harmonica in his hands ?	man
17094	A group of men are talking in a room .	where are the group of men talking . ?	room
17097	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into shots of him walking down a hallway and getting a coffee .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into shots of him walking down a hallway and getting a coffee ?	man
17098	He grabs sugar , puts a lid over his coffee and then smiles off in the distance while walking away .	what does he grab ?	sugar
17099	A man professionally paints several pieces of furniture using a spray painter in a paint shop while wearing overalls , a denim shirt and a paint mask .	who professionally paints several pieces of furniture using a spray painter in a paint shop while wearing overalls , a denim shirt and a paint mask ?	man
17100	The man begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can .	who begins by painting the wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can ?	man
17101	The man then paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood .	who then paints the side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood ?	man
17101	The man then paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood .	what is the color of the wood ?	black
17102	The man ends with painting a dresser drawer pink before the scene fades to a black marketing graphic .	who ends with painting the dresser drawer pink before the scene fades to a black marketing graphic ?	man
17102	The man ends with painting a dresser drawer pink before the scene fades to a black marketing graphic .	what is the color of the graphic ?	black
17103	A man starts out riding a dirt bike and immediately crashes into the ground behind him .	who starts out riding the dirt bike and immediately crashes into the ground behind him ?	man
17106	The boy is wearing a blue hoodie and the girl is wearing a white sweater with blue horizontal stripes .	who is wearing the blue hoodie and the girl is wearing a white sweater with blue horizontal stripes ?	boy
17106	The boy is wearing a blue hoodie and the girl is wearing a white sweater with blue horizontal stripes .	who is the boy wearing a blue hoodie and is wearing a white sweater with blue horizontal stripes ?	girl
17106	The boy is wearing a blue hoodie and the girl is wearing a white sweater with blue horizontal stripes .	what is the boy wearing a blue hoodie and the girl is wearing with blue horizontal stripes ?	sweater
17106	The boy is wearing a blue hoodie and the girl is wearing a white sweater with blue horizontal stripes .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	blue
17106	The boy is wearing a blue hoodie and the girl is wearing a white sweater with blue horizontal stripes .	what is the color of the sweater ?	white
17106	The boy is wearing a blue hoodie and the girl is wearing a white sweater with blue horizontal stripes .	what is the color of the stripes ?	blue
17107	The mother who is not pictured in the video is taping them demonstrate .	who is taping them demonstrate ?	mother
17108	The boy holds the needles up and shows how he uses the yarn to knit .	who holds the needles up and shows how he uses the yarn to knit ?	boy
17108	The boy holds the needles up and shows how he uses the yarn to knit .	what does the boy hold up ?	needles
17109	A group of masked people , wearing all black , play an animated graphic game of paintball in a war field .	what is the color of the people ?	black
17110	The fighting soldiers pass an animated dog on a leash with a person dressed in a black and white referee uniform holding the leash .	who do fighting pass an animated dog on a leash with a person dressed in a black and white referee uniform holding the leash ?	soldiers
17110	The fighting soldiers pass an animated dog on a leash with a person dressed in a black and white referee uniform holding the leash .	what do the fighting soldiers pass on a leash with a person dressed in a black and white referee uniform holding the leash ?	dog
17111	The shooting continues among the masked soldiers until a `` red team wins '' letter box appears and the soldiers head to the right and thin out in numbers .	what is the color of the box ?	red
17112	A man is seen bending down while holding a crochet bat and hitting a ball through a hole .	who is seen bending down while holding the crochet bat and hitting a ball through a hole ?	man
17113	The man then holds his hands up and looks back to the camera and smiles .	who then holds his hands up and looks back to the camera and smiles ?	man
17114	Divers take turns diving from high dive platforms into a swimming pool .	who take turns diving from high dive platforms into a swimming pool ?	divers
17115	The crowd claps and watches the divers performance .	who does the crowd clap and watches ?	performance
17116	A diver does a handstand dive from the highest platform into the swimming pool .	who does the handstand dive from the highest platform into the swimming pool ?	diver
17116	A diver does a handstand dive from the highest platform into the swimming pool .	what does the diver do from the highest platform into the swimming pool ?	dive
17118	One soccer player kicks the ball into the field .	what does one soccer player kick into the field ?	ball
17118	One soccer player kicks the ball into the field .	how many soccer player kicks the ball into the field ?	one
17121	The goalie kicks it to a nearby soccer player .	who kicks it to a nearby soccer player ?	goalie
17123	A man is showing playing guitar with a title screen shown on the left .	who is showing playing guitar with a title screen shown on the left ?	man
17124	The man strums over and over again while gradually banging his head to the beat .	who strums over and over again while gradually banging his head to the beat ?	man
17125	A large waterfall is shown outside near a rocky trail of water .	what is shown outside near the rocky trail of water ?	waterfall
17128	First the camera shows the three people who are snow tubing down the slippery snowy slide .	what does first show the three people who are snow tubing down the slippery snowy slide ?	camera
17128	First the camera shows the three people who are snow tubing down the slippery snowy slide .	how many people does first the camera show who are snow tubing down the slippery snowy slide ?	three
17129	Then one person is shown wearing glasses and other snow gear in the snow tubes .	how many person is then shown wearing glasses and other snow gear in the snow tubes ?	one
17133	A man is snowboarding down a very steep hill at a fast pace .	who is snowboarding down the very steep hill at a fast pace ?	man
17135	The kid jumps off of a log intended for this purpose and continues down the hill .	who jumps off of the log intended for this purpose and continues down the hill ?	kid
17139	The video then shows multiple people hiking up a very rocky mountain as they speak to the camera .	the video then shows multiple people hiking up what ?	mountain
17143	A young girls is using a trowel on a wall and siting on the floor .	who is using the trowel on a wall and siting on the floor ?	girls
17144	She stands and wipes her trowel clean with a brush .	what does she wipe clean with a brush ?	trowel
17148	She smooths the wall again .	what does she smooth again ?	wall
17149	The girls uses a the brush to clean her tool .	who uses the the brush to clean her tool ?	girls
17150	She wipes the wall again , then cleans her brush again twice .	what does she wipe again , then cleans her brush again twice ?	wall
17152	An intro screen appears with logos , company names and website .	what appears with logos , company names and website ?	screen
17153	A woman bends down in front of 3 boxes and begins to pull out tiled carpet pieces from the top box .	who bends down in front of 3 boxes and begins to pull out tiled carpet pieces from the top box ?	woman
17155	A screen appears with the words `` Methods of Installation '' and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts , and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout .	what appears with the words `` methods of installation '' and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts , and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout ?	screen
17155	A screen appears with the words `` Methods of Installation '' and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts , and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout .	what does the screen show in each layout ?	carpets
17155	A screen appears with the words `` Methods of Installation '' and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts , and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout .	how many different diagrams does the screen include of layouts ?	three
17156	The outro is a white screen with the logos , company names , and website .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
17157	A man pushes a lawnmower on a lawn .	who pushes the lawnmower on a lawn ?	man
17158	Two children help him push it .	who help him push it ?	children
17158	Two children help him push it .	how many children help him push it ?	two
17160	Several cars drive by them .	what drive by them ?	cars
17161	People stand around in a room .	where do people stand around . ?	room
17163	The karate opponents shake hands and hug .	who shake hands and hug ?	opponents
17165	A little girl/toddler in a lime green hair bow and tutu stands outside under a tree and hits a pinata with a stick .	what does the little girl/toddler in a lime green hair bow and tutu hit with a stick ?	pinata
17165	A little girl/toddler in a lime green hair bow and tutu stands outside under a tree and hits a pinata with a stick .	what is the color of the bow ?	green
17166	The pinata flings around , and the girl hits the pinata again .	what flings around , and the girl hits the pinata again ?	pinata
17166	The pinata flings around , and the girl hits the pinata again .	who does the pinata fling around , and hits the pinata again ?	girl
17166	The pinata flings around , and the girl hits the pinata again .	what does the pinata fling around , and the girl hits again ?	pinata
17167	The little girl turns to look at the camera in between hitting the pinata .	who turns to look at the camera in between hitting the pinata ?	girl
17168	A standing man talks to the camera with two women seated beside him .	who talks to the camera with two women seated beside him ?	man
17169	The camera pans to focus on the two women .	what pans to focus on the two women ?	camera
17172	A man attempts to walk across a rope spread between two homemade pieces of wood .	who attempts to walk across the rope spread between two homemade pieces of wood ?	man
17174	He loses his balance and jumps off the rope .	what does he jump off ?	rope
17175	There are two cars in the car wash and one parked in a spot .	where are two cars and one parked in a spot . ?	wash
17176	The owners of the cars are soaping them down and cleaning the tires very well .	what are the owners of the cars soaping them down and cleaning very well ?	tires
17178	One of the other car owners is rinsing his car off .	what is one of the other car owners rinsing off ?	car
17179	A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by several shots of a celebrity and a dummy .	who is seen speaking to the camera followed by several shots of a celebrity and a dummy ?	man
17180	The man then begins coming the dummy 's hair and using scissors along the side .	who then begins coming the dummy 's hair and using scissors along the side ?	man
17183	Materials are gathered and then the kite is assembled .	what are materials gathered and then is assembled ?	kite
17185	The man walks closer to the bull and the bull attacks several people while they also try to pull him down by his head and tail .	who walks closer to the bull and the bull attacks several people while they also try to pull him down by his head and tail ?	man
17188	A woman is outside next to a pile of snow .	who is outside next to the pile of snow ?	woman
17189	A guy picks up a shovel land shovels snow off to the side .	who picks up the shovel land shovels snow off to the side ?	guy
17189	A guy picks up a shovel land shovels snow off to the side .	what does the guy pick up off to the side ?	snow
17190	The guy puts down the shovel and stretches his back backwards twice .	who puts down the shovel and stretches his back backwards twice ?	guy
17191	The guy picks up the shovel and continues to shovel snow .	who picks up the shovel and continues to shovel snow ?	guy
17191	The guy picks up the shovel and continues to shovel snow .	what does the guy pick up ?	shovel
17194	The scene switches to a black screen with some text about an upcoming marathon .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
17198	There is a fast motion video showing a family carving four pumpkins to make jack o lanterns in their kitchen .	there is a fast motion video showing a family carving what ?	pumpkins
17198	There is a fast motion video showing a family carving four pumpkins to make jack o lanterns in their kitchen .	there is a fast motion video showing a family carving how many pumpkins to make jack o lanterns in their kitchen ?	four
17199	There is a little baby sitting on the dinning table watching the others carve the pumpkins .	who is there sitting on the dinning table watching the others carve the pumpkins ?	baby
17200	The two other girls are helping their parents carve the pumpkins and remove the seeds and pulp out of the pumpkin .	who are helping their parents carve the pumpkins and remove the seeds and pulp out of the pumpkin ?	girls
17200	The two other girls are helping their parents carve the pumpkins and remove the seeds and pulp out of the pumpkin .	how many other girls are helping their parents carve the pumpkins and remove the seeds and pulp out of the pumpkin ?	two
17201	A man seated in front of a tennis net turns around and faces his opponent , with a coach and camera man looking on .	who seated in front of a tennis net turns around and faces his opponent , with a coach and camera man looking on ?	man
17201	A man seated in front of a tennis net turns around and faces his opponent , with a coach and camera man looking on .	the man seated in front of a tennis net turns around and faces who , with a coach and camera man looking on ?	opponent
17203	They being their match , one in a white tank top and green shorts , the other in an orange shirt and white shorts .	what is they being their match , one in a white tank top and , the other in an orange shirt and white shorts ?	shorts
17203	They being their match , one in a white tank top and green shorts , the other in an orange shirt and white shorts .	what is the color of the top ?	white
17203	They being their match , one in a white tank top and green shorts , the other in an orange shirt and white shorts .	what is the color of the shorts ?	green
17203	They being their match , one in a white tank top and green shorts , the other in an orange shirt and white shorts .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
17203	They being their match , one in a white tank top and green shorts , the other in an orange shirt and white shorts .	what is the color of the shorts ?	white
17205	Two men are seen speaking to one another in front of the camera while moving their hands around to their voices .	how many men are seen speaking to one another in front of the camera while moving their hands around to their voices ?	two
17207	A man is seen kneeling down before a track while others watch on the sides .	who is seen kneeling down before the track while others watch on the sides ?	man
17209	The man sitting tracks his score and several more people are seen running in .	who is sitting tracks his score and several more people are seen running in ?	man
17210	A young man solves a rubix cube quickly in a digitally timed session .	who solves the rubix cube quickly in a digitally timed session ?	man
17210	A young man solves a rubix cube quickly in a digitally timed session .	what does the young man solve quickly in a digitally timed session ?	cube
17211	A man in a yellow shirt with a graphic of a man 's face on it talks to the camera and holds up an unsolved rubix cube .	what does the man in a yellow shirt with a graphic of a man 's face on it hold up ?	cube
17211	A man in a yellow shirt with a graphic of a man 's face on it talks to the camera and holds up an unsolved rubix cube .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
17212	A black digital timer appears on the screen in the lower right hand corner and begins to run time .	what appears on the screen in the lower right hand corner and begins to run time ?	timer
17212	A black digital timer appears on the screen in the lower right hand corner and begins to run time .	what is the color of the timer ?	black
17213	Two men are seen speaking to the camera while each hold a bow and arrow .	how many men are seen speaking to the camera while each hold a bow and arrow ?	two
17214	One man shows off his while clips are shown of people shooting the bow and shown in between .	how many man shows off his while clips are shown of people shooting the bow and shown in between ?	one
17215	The other man shows off his bow while still showing off his specs .	who shows off his bow while still showing off his specs ?	man
17215	The other man shows off his bow while still showing off his specs .	what does the other man show off ?	bow
17216	A mop 's attributes are demonstrated through computer graphics close-ups of various parts .	what attributes are demonstrated through computer graphics close-ups of various parts ?	mop
17217	The mop is demonstrated in actual use .	what is demonstrated in actual use ?	mop
17222	A lady stands raising a metal disk in one hand .	who stands raising the metal disk in one hand ?	lady
17223	The lady spins with the disk and releases the disk .	who spins with the disk and releases the disk ?	lady
17223	The lady spins with the disk and releases the disk .	what does the lady release ?	disk
17224	The lady places a towel around her back .	who places the towel around her back ?	lady
17226	The wall paper is cut with sheers to the proper size .	what is cut with sheers to the proper size ?	paper
17227	The man checks the wall paper then peels off an adhesive strip on the back .	who checks the wall paper then peels off an adhesive strip on the back ?	man
17228	The wall paper is attached to the wall and smoothed down by hand .	what is attached to the wall and smoothed down by hand ?	paper
17229	The person uses a towel to flatten out the wall paper .	what does the person use ?	towel
17231	The wall paper is cut and creased along the ceiling .	what is cut and creased along the ceiling ?	paper
17236	A dog walks in the yard where people pile grass .	what walks in the yard where people pile grass ?	dog
17237	A man cut the grass using a hand cutter .	who cut the grass using a hand cutter ?	man
17237	A man cut the grass using a hand cutter .	what did the man cut ?	grass
17238	The dogs smells on the ground .	what smells on the ground ?	dogs
17242	The second man imitates the first man .	who imitates the first man ?	man
17242	The second man imitates the first man .	who does the second man imitate ?	man
17243	The first man claps at the second man 's imitation .	who claps at the second man 's imitation ?	man
17244	A man stands in front of the camera and then takes a puff of his cigarette .	who stands in front of the camera and then takes a puff of his cigarette ?	man
17246	The man continues making his way through the city , passing cars , and jumping over rocks .	who continues making his way through the city , passing cars , and jumping over rocks ?	man
17247	A woman and a man salute , and then they demonstrate karate moves in a gym .	where do the woman and a man salute , and then they demonstrate karate moves . ?	gym
17249	A graphic is seen with drawings of mushrooms and plants .	what is seen with drawings of mushrooms and plants ?	graphic
17251	A match is lit and a young man holds up another lit match along with sticks then blows it out .	who is the match lit and holds up another lit match along with sticks then blows it out ?	man
17252	The young man builds a ring of rocks near a tent .	who builds the ring of rocks near a tent ?	man
17253	The camper then shows various sized sticks in his hands and others that he breaks in two .	who then shows various sized sticks in his hands and others that he breaks in two ?	camper
17254	The young man breaks sticks with his foot and carries them to the campsite .	who sticks with his foot and carries them to the campsite ?	breaks
17255	The young man builds a fire with the various sized sticks in the fire ring and lights it .	who builds the fire with the various sized sticks in the fire ring and lights it ?	man
17259	A woman is standing in front of a washer and dryer in a laundry room .	who is standing in front of a washer and dryer in a laundry room ?	woman
17262	A woman is sitting next to a baby in a high chair .	who is sitting next to the baby in a high chair ?	woman
17262	A woman is sitting next to a baby in a high chair .	where is the woman sitting . ?	chair
17264	The baby rocks back and forth , dancing to the music .	who rocks back and forth , dancing to the music ?	baby
17265	A woman is giving instructions on how to make her lemonade .	who is giving instructions on how to make her lemonade ?	woman
17269	A man is seen pushing a board down into the floor to push the carpet down .	who is seen pushing the board down into the floor to push the carpet down ?	man
17274	We see man teasing a bull with a flag .	who do we see teasing a bull with a flag ?	man
17274	We see man teasing a bull with a flag .	we see man teasing what with a flag ?	bull
17275	The bull charges at the flag .	what charges at the flag ?	bull
17276	The bull charges and goes after the flag .	what charges and goes after the flag ?	bull
17277	The bullfighter moves left and the bull follows him .	who left and the bull follows him ?	moves
17277	The bullfighter moves left and the bull follows him .	what did the bullfighter moves leave and follows him ?	bull
17278	Two men walk holding sticks out in front of them .	how many men walk holding sticks out in front of them ?	two
17279	They arrange discs onto some numbers .	what do they arrange onto some numbers ?	discs
17281	The man in red throws his disc .	what does the man in red throw ?	disc
17282	The first man throws another disc .	who throws another disc ?	man
17282	The first man throws another disc .	what does the first man throw ?	disc
17283	The man in the red shirt follows .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
17284	The first man throws another disc and the man in the red shirt follows .	who throws another disc and the man in the red shirt follows ?	man
17284	The first man throws another disc and the man in the red shirt follows .	what does the first man throw and the man in the red shirt follows ?	disc
17284	The first man throws another disc and the man in the red shirt follows .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
17287	He is playing the bagpipes while the other soldiers stand and watch him .	what is he playing ?	bagpipes
17289	Once the soldier is done with his song on the bagpipe all the soldiers clap and cheer for him .	who clap and cheer for him ?	soldiers
17292	A large black male and John Cena are in a wrestling ring arm wrestling .	what is the color of the male ?	black
17293	After a certain amount of time , John Cena wins and someone jumps on his back and begins wrestling him and picks the black man up and drops him .	after the certain amount of time , john cena picks who up and drops him ?	man
17293	After a certain amount of time , John Cena wins and someone jumps on his back and begins wrestling him and picks the black man up and drops him .	what is the color of the man ?	black
17295	A marching band plays in a gym and people watch .	where does the marching band play . ?	watch
17297	A woman pass on side the marching band .	who pass on side the marching band ?	woman
17298	A young man drinks from a can .	who drinks from the can ?	man
17299	After , a child pass on front the Marching band .	who do after , pass on front the marching band ?	child
17300	A woman is working out an elliptical machine .	who is working out an elliptical machine ?	woman
17300	A woman is working out an elliptical machine .	what is the woman working out ?	machine
17301	A man is working out on an elliptical machine .	who is working out on an elliptical machine ?	man
17302	A person plugs a cell phone into the machine .	what does the person plug into the machine ?	phone
17303	A boy skateboard on a road jumping and flipping the skateboard in the street .	who skateboard on the road jumping and flipping the skateboard in the street ?	boy
17303	A boy skateboard on a road jumping and flipping the skateboard in the street .	where did the boy skateboard on a road jumping and flipping the skateboard . ?	street
17304	A skateboard leans on a tree .	what leans on the tree ?	skateboard
17305	Then , the boy skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street .	then , who skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street ?	boy
17306	A man places shaving cream on his face .	who places shaving cream on his face ?	man
17307	A man spits some liquid out of his mouth .	who spits some liquid out of his mouth ?	man
17308	A man sharpens his razor blade .	who sharpens his razor blade ?	man
17308	A man sharpens his razor blade .	what does the man sharpen ?	blade
17309	The man shaves his face with the razor .	who shaves his face with the razor ?	man
17310	The man puts more shaving cream on his face .	who puts more shaving cream on his face ?	man
17315	Two people are seen sitting on shore while sitting in kayaks .	how many people are seen sitting on shore while sitting in kayaks ?	two
17316	One person inches himself closer to the water and begins riding along down the river .	how many person inches himself closer to the water and begins riding along down the river ?	one
17317	Young men ride skateboards and do skidding turns in a city plaza .	what do young men ride ?	skateboards
17317	Young men ride skateboards and do skidding turns in a city plaza .	what do young men do in a city plaza ?	turns
17318	The skateboarder does a wheelie .	who does the wheelie ?	skateboarder
17319	The skateboarders ride along a sidewalk going somewhere .	who ride along the sidewalk going somewhere ?	skateboarders
17320	The boys walk around and go into a transportation station .	who walk around and go into the transportation station ?	boys
17326	wmoan is sitting in a table and have a box and a a gift wrap on top and its showing how to wrap the gift and talking about it .	wmoan have what and a a gift wrap on top and its showing ?	box
17327	decoative tapes are used to make a ribbon aound the gift and is showing how to make ribbons with diferents clothes .	what are used to make the ribbon aound the gift and is showing how to make ribbons with diferents clothes ?	tapes
17328	A man is running throws a javelin .	who is running throws the javelin ?	man
17330	He grabs a towel and puts his hands in the air .	what does he grab ?	towel
17331	A man is standing at a bar and he begins pouring ice into a tall cup along with blue liquid , dark liquid , and a red liquid .	who is standing at the bar and he begins pouring ice into a tall cup along with blue liquid , dark liquid , and a red liquid ?	man
17331	A man is standing at a bar and he begins pouring ice into a tall cup along with blue liquid , dark liquid , and a red liquid .	what is the color of the liquid ?	blue
17331	A man is standing at a bar and he begins pouring ice into a tall cup along with blue liquid , dark liquid , and a red liquid .	what is the color of the liquid ?	red
17332	The man then pours it into a shaker and shakes it until thoroughly mixed .	who then pours it into a shaker and shakes it until thoroughly mixed ?	man
17333	When the man is finished shaking the drink he removes the cup from the shaker , pours the liquids into a smaller cup , and sticks a white straw in it .	what does he remove from the shaker ?	cup
17333	When the man is finished shaking the drink he removes the cup from the shaker , pours the liquids into a smaller cup , and sticks a white straw in it .	what is the color of the straw ?	white
17334	All while talking the man then picks up the cup , smells it , smiles and holds the drink up .	all while talking who then picks up the cup , smells it , smiles and holds the drink up ?	man
17334	All while talking the man then picks up the cup , smells it , smiles and holds the drink up .	what is all while talking the man then picks up , smells it , smiles and holds the drink up ?	cup
17334	All while talking the man then picks up the cup , smells it , smiles and holds the drink up .	what is all while talking the man then picks up the cup , smells it , smiles and holds up ?	drink
17335	A camera pans around a person riding around on a horse .	what pans around the person riding around on a horse ?	camera
17340	People in stands watch as two bulls walk around in a bullfighting ring , other people walk around in the ring taking pictures .	how many bulls do people in stands watch as walk around in a bullfighting ring ?	two
17341	The bulls lock horns , and are aggressive toward one another .	what lock horns , and are aggressive toward one another ?	bulls
17341	The bulls lock horns , and are aggressive toward one another .	what do the bulls lock ?	horns
17342	One bull walks away from the other one , and then quickly turns to reengage in the fight .	what walks away from the other one , and then quickly turns to reengage in the fight ?	bull
17342	One bull walks away from the other one , and then quickly turns to reengage in the fight .	how many bull walks away from the other one ?	one
17344	The bulls begin to fight .	what begin to fight ?	bulls
17345	man is standing in a workshop standing in front of a bicycle talking to the camera .	who is standing in the workshop standing in front of a bicycle talking to the camera ?	man
17347	man is putting red tape on bicycle bars .	who is putting red tape on bicycle bars ?	man
17347	man is putting red tape on bicycle bars .	what is man putting on bicycle bars ?	tape
17347	man is putting red tape on bicycle bars .	what is the color of the tape ?	red
17348	the man is wrapping all the bar in the red tape .	who is wrapping all the bar in the red tape ?	man
17348	the man is wrapping all the bar in the red tape .	what is the man wrapping in the red tape ?	bar
17348	the man is wrapping all the bar in the red tape .	what is the color of the tape ?	red
17348	the man is wrapping all the bar in the red tape .	where is the man wrapping all the bar . ?	tape
17349	A man throws a frisbee on a field .	who throws the frisbee on a field ?	man
17350	A dog jumps and grabs the frisbee in the air .	what jumps and grabs the frisbee in the air ?	dog
17351	The man lays on his back and the dog stands on his feet .	who lays on his back and the dog stands on his feet ?	man
17351	The man lays on his back and the dog stands on his feet .	what does the man lay on his back and stands on his feet ?	dog
17352	The man bends down and the dog jumps on his back .	who bends down and the dog jumps on his back ?	man
17352	The man bends down and the dog jumps on his back .	what does the man bend down and jumps on his back ?	dog
17353	The dog runs and jumps into the mans arms and the man carries him .	what runs and jumps into the mans arms and the man carries him ?	dog
17353	The dog runs and jumps into the mans arms and the man carries him .	who does the dog run and jumps into the mans arms and carries him ?	man
17354	A woman speaks to the camera .	who speaks to the camera ?	woman
17355	Many lemons fall onto a counter .	what fall onto the counter ?	lemons
17356	The woman grabs a wooden bowl and pours brown sugar into it .	who grabs the wooden bowl and pours brown sugar into it ?	woman
17356	The woman grabs a wooden bowl and pours brown sugar into it .	what does the woman grab ?	bowl
17356	The woman grabs a wooden bowl and pours brown sugar into it .	what does the woman pour into it ?	sugar
17356	The woman grabs a wooden bowl and pours brown sugar into it .	what is the color of the sugar ?	brown
17357	She grabs a lemon and rubs brown sugar all over the lemon .	what does she grab ?	lemon
17357	She grabs a lemon and rubs brown sugar all over the lemon .	what is the color of the sugar ?	brown
17358	She proceeds to rub two lemons onto the counter .	how many lemons does she proceed to rub onto the counter ?	two
17360	She squeezes lemon juice into a bowl .	what does she squeeze into a bowl ?	juice
17361	She pours the squeezed lemon juice into a pitcher .	what does she pour into a pitcher ?	juice
17362	She pours boiling water into the bowl with brown sugar in it .	what is the color of the sugar ?	brown
17363	Shes pours the watered brown sugar into the pitcher and stirs .	what does shes pour into the pitcher ?	sugar
17363	Shes pours the watered brown sugar into the pitcher and stirs .	what is the color of the sugar ?	brown
17364	She breaks ice cubes by hitting them with a spoon .	what does she break by hitting them with a spoon ?	cubes
17365	She places the ice into a glass and adds the lemonade .	what does she add ?	lemonade
17367	A cowboy rides a horse out of a corral and enters into a fenced off area .	who rides the horse out of a corral and enters into a fenced off area ?	cowboy
17367	A cowboy rides a horse out of a corral and enters into a fenced off area .	what does the cowboy rid out of a corral ?	horse
17368	The man rides his horse out of the fenced are and throws a rope around a cattle .	who rides his horse out of the fenced are and throws a rope around a cattle ?	man
17369	The man is helped by other cowboys while tying up the cattle .	who is helped by other cowboys while tying up the cattle ?	man
17371	They are holding batons as they march .	what are they holding ?	batons
17373	An indoor track is shown as a male begins running with a pole vault but he is n't successful in his jump .	what is shown as the male begins running with a pole vault but he is n't successful in his jump ?	track
17375	The athlete then does his jump several more times but he is n't successful .	who then does his jump several more times but he is n't successful ?	athlete
17378	The two groups play and interact with each other .	how many groups play and interact with each other ?	two
17379	A man l dead lifts a weight bar from the ground over his head in a gym .	who l dead lifts a weight bar from the ground over his head in a gym ?	man
17379	A man l dead lifts a weight bar from the ground over his head in a gym .	what does the man l dead lift from the ground over his head in a gym ?	bar
17380	The man does repetitions lifting a weight bar up off the ground to waist level .	who does repetitions lifting a weight bar up off the ground to waist level ?	man
17380	The man does repetitions lifting a weight bar up off the ground to waist level .	the man does repetitions lifting what up off the ground ?	bar
17381	There are two men using defense techniques as a way of dance moves .	how many men are there using defense techniques as a way of dance moves ?	two
17383	Two other men come in from the crowd to try and dance , but the video ends .	how many other men come in from the crowd to try and dance ?	two
17384	A man is seen wearing sunglasses and speaking to the camera while holding a lacrosse stick .	who is seen wearing sunglasses and speaking to the camera while holding a lacrosse stick ?	man
17385	The man continues to speak to the camera while moving the stick all around .	who continues to speak to the camera while moving the stick all around ?	man
17387	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of him hitting a ball around with a stick .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of him hitting a ball around with a stick ?	man
17388	The man continues speaking to the camera in several spots and as well as hitting the ball around an indoor area .	who continues speaking to the camera in several spots and as well as hitting the ball around an indoor area ?	man
17390	A man begins to talk about some key components of skiing and how to go about learning how to ski .	who begins to talk about some key components of skiing and how to go about learning how to ski ?	man
17394	A Subway employee is standing in the kitchen preparing sub .	who is standing in the kitchen preparing sub ?	employee
17395	On a white piece is of paper is a foot long piece of bread and a row of ham , pepperoni , salami then cheese are added on the sub .	what is the color of the piece ?	white
17396	Next , the man puts the sub in the oven to be toasted and moves a tray of cookies to the other side of the counter .	next , who puts the sub in the oven to be toasted and moves a tray of cookies to the other side of the counter ?	man
17396	Next , the man puts the sub in the oven to be toasted and moves a tray of cookies to the other side of the counter .	where does next , the man put the sub to be toasted . ?	oven
17398	Now , the sub is toasted a lettuce and tomatoes are added along with cucumbers , anchovies , oil , vinegar and mayo .	what is now , toasted the lettuce and tomatoes are added along with cucumbers , anchovies , oil , vinegar and mayo ?	sub
17398	Now , the sub is toasted a lettuce and tomatoes are added along with cucumbers , anchovies , oil , vinegar and mayo .	what is now , the sub toasted and tomatoes are added along with cucumbers , anchovies , oil , vinegar and mayo ?	lettuce
17398	Now , the sub is toasted a lettuce and tomatoes are added along with cucumbers , anchovies , oil , vinegar and mayo .	what is now , the sub toasted a lettuce and are added along with cucumbers , anchovies , oil , vinegar and mayo ?	tomatoes
17399	The sub is finally finished cut in half , rolled in paper , and then totaled out on the register .	what is finally finished cut in half , rolled in paper , and then totaled out on the register ?	sub
17400	Several boys are interacting in an ice rink .	who are interacting in an ice rink ?	boys
17400	Several boys are interacting in an ice rink .	where are several boys interacting . ?	rink
17401	Two boys that are sliding on their knees towards each other collide and fall back .	how many boys that are sliding on their knees towards each other collide and fall back ?	two
17402	A boy releases a curling stone .	who releases the curling stone ?	boy
17402	A boy releases a curling stone .	what does the boy release ?	stone
17403	Three boys walk together across on the ice .	who walk together across on the ice ?	boys
17403	Three boys walk together across on the ice .	how many boys walk together across on the ice ?	three
17407	A waterfall spills into the raft .	what spills into the raft ?	waterfall
17408	Two boats of rafters raft down a river .	how many boats of rafters raft down a river ?	two
17409	The first boat splashes the rear boat .	what splashes the rear boat ?	boat
17409	The first boat splashes the rear boat .	what does the first boat splash ?	boat
17410	The rafters splash each other .	what splash each other ?	rafters
17411	A raft turns over in the water and rafters float to the river bank .	what turns over in the water and rafters float to the river bank ?	raft
17413	The end title card appears on the screen .	what appears on the screen ?	card
17414	A man is in the ocean water , holding a rope .	who is in the ocean water , holding a rope ?	man
17417	A man is standing outside drinking beer .	who is standing outside drinking beer ?	man
17419	He sets the beer glass down on a table .	what does he set down on a table ?	glass
17420	A woman holds two big gloves where two little girls tap with both hands .	who holds two big gloves where two little girls tap with both hands ?	woman
17420	A woman holds two big gloves where two little girls tap with both hands .	what does the woman hold ?	gloves
17420	A woman holds two big gloves where two little girls tap with both hands .	how many big gloves does the woman hold where two little girls tap with both hands ?	two
17421	Then , the woman puts the globes on front her chest .	who does then , put the globes on front her chest ?	woman
17422	People practice karate in a room .	where do people practice karate . ?	room
17423	A person holds a boy that is on a swing rod , and then push the rod .	who does the person hold , and then push the rod ?	boy
17423	A person holds a boy that is on a swing rod , and then push the rod .	what does the person hold a boy , and then push ?	rod
17424	Then , the boy swings on the rod to impulse his body to swing in circles until the rod loss force .	who does then , swing on the rod to impulse his body to swing in circles until the rod loss force ?	boy
17425	After , a man helps stop the swing rod , while other people are fixing something .	who does after , help stop the swing rod , while other people are fixing something ?	man
17426	A young man wearing yellow t-shirt move his arms .	who is wearing yellow t-shirt move his arms ?	man
17426	A young man wearing yellow t-shirt move his arms .	the young man wearing what move his arms ?	t-shirt
17426	A young man wearing yellow t-shirt move his arms .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	yellow
17428	As a team is trying to score , a player in a white shirt ducks as the puck flies over her head .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
17429	After the puck goes through the goalie , the young lady smiles as she goes over to the sideline and is given a high five from her coach .	who does , smile as she goes over to the sideline and is given a high five from her coach ?	lady
17430	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
17431	Two people are carrying kite surf boards to the water and we see people riding them in the water .	what are two people carrying to the water and we see people riding them in the water ?	boards
17431	Two people are carrying kite surf boards to the water and we see people riding them in the water .	how many people are carrying kite surf boards to the water ?	two
17435	We see the man riding the board in the water again .	who do we see riding the board in the water again ?	man
17436	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
17437	A man is seen sitting before a table with a rubix cube on it and his hands on a platform .	who is seen sitting before the table with a rubix cube on it and his hands on a platform ?	man
17438	He then solves the rubix cube in a matter of seconds and shows off his time to the camera .	what does he then solve in a matter of seconds ?	cube
17439	Two kids are seen riding in a truck moving down a road as well as shots of landscapes and the kids sitting on bikes .	who are seen riding in the truck moving down a road as well as shots of landscapes and the kids sitting on bikes ?	kids
17439	Two kids are seen riding in a truck moving down a road as well as shots of landscapes and the kids sitting on bikes .	how many kids are seen riding in the truck moving down a road as well as shots of landscapes and the kids sitting on bikes ?	two
17441	A man wearing a white shirt is playing pool in a recreation room .	who is wearing a white shirt is playing pool in a recreation room ?	man
17441	A man wearing a white shirt is playing pool in a recreation room .	the man wearing what is playing pool in a recreation room ?	shirt
17441	A man wearing a white shirt is playing pool in a recreation room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
17441	A man wearing a white shirt is playing pool in a recreation room .	where is the man wearing a white shirt is playing pool . ?	room
17443	The man playing pool hits the balls as he continues playing the game .	what hits the balls as he continues playing the game ?	pool
17443	The man playing pool hits the balls as he continues playing the game .	what does the man playing pool hit ?	balls
17444	A tree and mulching materials are show , then a man prepares the area around the tree .	who are the tree and mulching materials show , then prepares the area around the tree ?	man
17445	Then the man put mulch around the tree and gives form with a rack .	then who put mulch around the tree and gives form with a rack ?	man
17445	Then the man put mulch around the tree and gives form with a rack .	what did then the man put around the tree ?	mulch
17446	A woman is seen throwing a dart to the board and looking back laughing while another watches from far away .	who is seen throwing the dart to the board and looking back laughing while another watches from far away ?	woman
17448	A man is in an indoor racquetball court , talking as he holds a ball and racquet .	who is in an indoor racquetball court , talking as he holds a ball and racquet ?	man
17449	He lobs the ball back and forth against the wall , interspersed with talking about the game .	what does he lob back and forth against the wall , interspersed with talking about the game ?	ball
17451	Two men are standing on an indoor gym and in sync they both start jumping on their metal bouncy stits and they both do a backflip .	how many men are standing on an indoor gym and in sync they both start jumping on their metal bouncy stits ?	two
17452	Various clips of various different people also wearing the bouncy stilts play and they 're all running , flipping and doing various tricks while landing onto blue mats in an indoor gym .	what is the color of the mats ?	blue
17456	A man is seen speaking to the camera in various clips as well as shooting a bow and arrow .	who is seen speaking to the camera in various clips as well as shooting a bow and arrow ?	man
17457	The man demonstrates several times how to properly shoot a bow in different locations while looking back to speak to the camera .	who demonstrates several times how to properly shoot a bow in different locations while looking back to speak to the camera ?	man
17459	The boy then begins running down the court on the stilts .	who then begins running down the court on the stilts ?	boy
17460	The boy dunks a small ball into the basket and walks back to grab it .	who dunks the small ball into the basket and walks back to grab it ?	boy
17460	The boy dunks a small ball into the basket and walks back to grab it .	what does the boy dunk into the basket ?	ball
17462	A person in a red shirt is hopping along the street with the chalk on it .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
17465	Chocolate bars are cut up with a knife .	what are cut up with the knife ?	bars
17466	Butter is microwaved and prepared with sugar and other ingredients .	what is microwaved and prepared with sugar and other ingredients ?	butter
17467	Everything is stirred and the chocolate is put in .	what is everything stirred and is put in ?	chocolate
17468	The cookies are shaped and put in an oven .	what are shaped and put in an oven ?	cookies
17468	The cookies are shaped and put in an oven .	where are the cookies shaped and put . ?	oven
17469	man is sitting in the driver 's seat .	who is sitting in the driver 's seat ?	man
17473	Four people are in a pool hitting the ball back and forth over the net .	how many people are in the pool hitting the ball back and forth over the net ?	four
17475	The ball goes out on both sides and they are forced to get out and go and get it .	what goes out on both sides and they are forced to get out and go and get it ?	ball
17476	They get the large beach ball back and continue to hit it over the net to one another .	what do they get back ?	ball
17477	The man in black shirt is walking and then raised the ball up .	the man in black shirt then raised what up ?	ball
17477	The man in black shirt is walking and then raised the ball up .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
17478	The man put the ball on his neck and started to turn around and threw the ball .	who put the ball on his neck and started to turn around and threw the ball ?	man
17478	The man put the ball on his neck and started to turn around and threw the ball .	what did the man put on his neck ?	ball
17478	The man put the ball on his neck and started to turn around and threw the ball .	the man started and threw what ?	ball
17479	The man cheered and gave a high five to other man , then he is so happy he went to the ground on his stomach and he continue to cheer .	who cheered and gave the high five to other man , then he is so happy he went to the ground on his stomach and he continue to cheer ?	man
17480	A track athlete walks down the path .	who walks down the path ?	athlete
17481	A female participant prepares to run .	who prepares to run ?	participant
17486	A man speaks into a walkie talkie and showing the speed of the car as well as people celebrating and the man receiving a plaque .	who speaks into the walkie talkie and showing the speed of the car as well as people celebrating and the man receiving a plaque ?	man
17487	An ice rink is shown with a hockey game in progress with the first long shot goal is made followed by a replay .	what is shown with the hockey game in progress with the first long shot goal is made followed by a replay ?	rink
17489	A heated battle of two teams ends with an orange team player scoring .	what is the color of the player ?	orange
17490	Two more teams make long scoring shots from left to right .	how many more teams make long scoring shots from left to right ?	two
17491	A white teams scores after a player falls on the ice rink .	what is the color of the scores ?	white
17494	blonde woman is raking dry leaves in a backyard and dog is playing with them running .	who is raking dry leaves in a backyard and dog is playing with them running ?	woman
17494	blonde woman is raking dry leaves in a backyard and dog is playing with them running .	what is blonde woman raking in a backyard and dog is playing with them running ?	leaves
17494	blonde woman is raking dry leaves in a backyard and dog is playing with them running .	what is blonde woman raking dry leaves in a backyard and is playing with them running ?	dog
17494	blonde woman is raking dry leaves in a backyard and dog is playing with them running .	where is blonde woman raking dry leaves and dog is playing with them running . ?	backyard
17495	dog is unning in the backyard and is drinkin water from a smal fountain and keep running through the field playing with the leaves while the woman keep raking .	what is unning in the backyard and is drinkin water from a smal fountain and keep running through the field playing with the leaves while the woman keep raking ?	dog
17495	dog is unning in the backyard and is drinkin water from a smal fountain and keep running through the field playing with the leaves while the woman keep raking .	where is dog unning . ?	backyard
17496	Two people are standing behind a counter .	how many people are standing behind the counter ?	two
17497	One person is adding peppers to a salad .	what is one person adding to a salad ?	peppers
17497	One person is adding peppers to a salad .	how many person is adding peppers to a salad ?	one
17502	A man is stirring something in a pot .	who is stirring something in a pot ?	man
17502	A man is stirring something in a pot .	where is the man stirring something . ?	pot
17503	The first man leaves the scene as a second man enters and stirs something in a bowl .	who leaves the scene as a second man enters and stirs something in a bowl ?	man
17503	The first man leaves the scene as a second man enters and stirs something in a bowl .	where does the first man leave the scene as a second man enters and stirs something . ?	bowl
17504	The first man walks into and out of frame .	who walks into and out of frame ?	man
17505	The camera pans left to watch the first man working at an oven .	what left to watch the first man working at an oven ?	pans
17506	People in uniforms of various characters are shown running around a green field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
17508	The large yellow character attempts to get a goal but is n't successful and he falls to his knee in disappointment .	who attempts to get the goal but is n't successful and he falls to his knee in disappointment ?	character
17508	The large yellow character attempts to get a goal but is n't successful and he falls to his knee in disappointment .	what is the color of the character ?	yellow
17510	The man continues to play the harmonica ending by pulling the harmonica away from the mouth and wriggling a large , puffy , mustache dramatically .	who continues to play the harmonica ending by pulling the harmonica away from the mouth and wriggling a large , puffy , mustache dramatically ?	man
17512	The man throws a frisbee off into the distance and the dog chases after it .	who throws the frisbee off into the distance and the dog chases after it ?	man
17512	The man throws a frisbee off into the distance and the dog chases after it .	what does the man throw off into the distance and the dog chases after it ?	frisbee
17512	The man throws a frisbee off into the distance and the dog chases after it .	what does the man throw a frisbee off into the distance and chases after it ?	dog
17513	The dog grabs the frisbee and runs back to the man .	what grabs the frisbee and runs back to the man ?	dog
17513	The dog grabs the frisbee and runs back to the man .	what does the dog grab ?	frisbee
17514	A young woman is in a gym .	who is in the gym ?	woman
17514	A young woman is in a gym .	where is the young woman . ?	gym
17516	Three other people are near her , also on exercise machines .	how many other people are near her , also on exercise machines ?	three
17517	The woman then begins to use the exercise machine .	who then begins to use the exercise machine ?	woman
17521	A girl stands in a bathroom talking to the camera as a man films her .	who stands in the bathroom talking to the camera as a man films her ?	girl
17522	The lady wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face .	who wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face ?	lady
17522	The lady wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face .	what does the lady wipe off ?	makeup
17523	the lady rinses the soap off her face .	who rinses the soap off her face ?	lady
17523	the lady rinses the soap off her face .	what does the lady rinse off her face ?	soap
17524	The lady stands upright and wipes her face with her hands while smiling .	who stands upright and wipes her face with her hands while smiling ?	lady
17525	A man walking on metal stilts is bouncing a basketball with his right hand as a man passes him on rollerblades in the opposite direction .	who is walking on metal stilts is bouncing a basketball with his right hand as a man passes him on rollerblades in the opposite direction ?	man
17527	The man then grabs the basketball with two hands and pretends that he 's going to throw it towards the camera .	who then grabs the basketball with two hands and pretends that he 's going to throw it towards the camera ?	man
17528	A swimming pool is shown in a room .	what is swimming shown in a room ?	pool
17528	A swimming pool is shown in a room .	where is the swimming pool shown . ?	room
17530	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
17531	A man is playing the drums while wearing earphones .	who is playing the drums while wearing earphones ?	man
17531	A man is playing the drums while wearing earphones .	what is the man playing while wearing earphones ?	drums
17533	the mans ' feet return in the corner .	who feet return in the corner ?	mans
17536	The man throws and catches one of his drumsticks .	who throws and catches one of his drumsticks ?	man
17538	A large group of people are sitting around while two men bring out a table and a man and woman stand on it .	how many men are the large group of people sitting around while bring out a table and a man and woman stand on it ?	two
17541	A man with dreads is talking and getting his instruments together to make some music .	what is the man with dreads talking and getting together ?	instruments
17545	A man is scooping out the inside of a watermelon .	who is scooping out the inside of a watermelon ?	man
17551	He shows the carved watermelon .	what does he show ?	watermelon
17552	The lights turn off and he shows the carved watermelon .	what do the lights turn off and he shows ?	watermelon
17556	Two girls spin double jump ropes while a girl in a black skirt jumps and a crowd of spectators watches on .	who spin double jump ropes while a girl in a black skirt jumps and a crowd of spectators watches on ?	girls
17556	Two girls spin double jump ropes while a girl in a black skirt jumps and a crowd of spectators watches on .	what do two girls spin and a crowd of spectators watches on ?	ropes
17556	Two girls spin double jump ropes while a girl in a black skirt jumps and a crowd of spectators watches on .	how many girls spin double jump ropes while a girl in a black skirt jumps ?	two
17556	Two girls spin double jump ropes while a girl in a black skirt jumps and a crowd of spectators watches on .	what is the color of the skirt ?	black
17557	A girl in jeans enters the ropes and performs different jumping moves .	what does the girl in jeans enter ?	ropes
17558	A girl in a blue shirt enters the jump ropes and performs different moves while jumping .	what does the girl in a blue shirt enter ?	ropes
17558	A girl in a blue shirt enters the jump ropes and performs different moves while jumping .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
17559	A girl enters the jump ropes going extra fast speed and performs fast jumps .	who enters the jump ropes going extra fast speed and performs fast jumps ?	girl
17561	People are playing the drums .	what are people playing ?	drums
17562	Sumo wrestlers are talking to the camera .	who are talking to the camera ?	wrestlers
17570	A woman is in a stable with a white horse .	who is in the stable with a white horse ?	woman
17570	A woman is in a stable with a white horse .	what is the color of the horse ?	white
17572	She pets the horse as she talks , and tries to keep him calm .	what did she pet ?	horse
17575	The woman deals cards to the people while they put their cards and chips in the middle .	who deals cards to the people while they put their cards and chips in the middle ?	woman
17576	The dealer continues playing with the people and looking off into the distance .	who continues playing with the people and looking off into the distance ?	dealer
17577	We see an animated opening scene .	what do we see ?	scene
17578	We see see man run with a pole and perform a high jump .	who do we see see with a pole and perform a high jump ?	run
17579	The man knocks the pole down and lays down in disappointment .	who knocks the pole down and lays down in disappointment ?	man
17579	The man knocks the pole down and lays down in disappointment .	what does the man knock down ?	pole
17580	We see the man holding his pole and make his 2nd attempt knocking over the pole .	who do we see ?	man
17581	The man tries a third time and the poles stays up .	who tries the third time and the poles stays up ?	man
17581	The man tries a third time and the poles stays up .	what does the man try a third time and stays up ?	poles
17582	The man raises his arms in the air .	who raises his arms in the air ?	man
17584	The man raises his arms in the air for the crowd .	who raises his arms in the air for the crowd ?	man
17585	The man throws his arms in the air and falls to the ground .	who throws his arms in the air and falls to the ground ?	man
17586	A man in a black shirt is sitting down playing a drum set .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
17588	A man is shoveling snow off his driveway in a heavy snow storm .	who is shoveling snow off his driveway in a heavy snow storm ?	man
17589	He is wearing winter clothing and his fully covered .	what is he wearing and his fully covered ?	clothing
17590	Another man is also shoveling snow off of he walkway of the house is not wearing any winter gear .	who is also shoveling snow off of he walkway of the house is not wearing any winter gear ?	man
17592	A woman is sitting in front of a table covered in wrapping supplies .	who is sitting in front of a table covered in wrapping supplies ?	woman
17594	She places it in cut cellophane , the wraps it around the present .	where does she place it , the wraps it around the present . ?	cellophane
17596	A camera pans around a dark kitchen and leads to the person walking down a set of stairs .	what pans around the dark kitchen and leads to the person walking down a set of stairs ?	camera
17600	The person continues moving around to cut the grass and the camera captures his movements .	what does the person continue and captures his movements ?	camera
17602	The man throws the ball and hits several pins while running back and cheering to the camera .	who throws the ball and hits several pins while running back and cheering to the camera ?	man
17602	The man throws the ball and hits several pins while running back and cheering to the camera .	what does the man throw ?	ball
17602	The man throws the ball and hits several pins while running back and cheering to the camera .	what does the man hit while running back and cheering to the camera ?	pins
17603	A young man sits on a cardio machine .	who sits on the cardio machine ?	man
17604	Then , the man grans the handle of the machine .	who does then , grans the handle of the machine ?	man
17605	After , the man pulls the handle of la machine to do abs .	who does after , pull the handle of la machine to do abs ?	man
17606	A news man is talking in front of an image of a bulldog puppy .	who is talking in front of an image of a bulldog puppy ?	man
17607	Doors open to a store , with various images of people working on different projects .	what open to the store , with various images of people working on different projects ?	doors
17608	A man shows how he received prostetic legs for the dog .	who shows how he received prostetic legs for the dog ?	man
17609	The dog is shown with his new legs as they heal .	what is shown with his new legs as they heal ?	dog
17610	In the final scene , the dog is walking along with a leashed pet pig .	what is in the final scene , walking along with a leashed pet pig ?	dog
17611	The man is on his feet bouncing towards the camera while standing on a tight flat ribbon that is connected to two very tall rock walls .	who is on his feet bouncing towards the camera while standing on a tight flat ribbon that is connected to two very tall rock walls ?	man
17612	The man then turns around and starts bouncing on his backside then back and forth onto his feet and backside while holding and letting go of the ribbon .	who then turns around and starts bouncing on his backside then back and forth onto his feet and backside while holding and letting go of the ribbon ?	man
17613	The man continues to do tricks on the tight ribbon until he gets off of the ribbon and walks away smiling .	who continues to do tricks on the tight ribbon until he gets off of the ribbon and walks away smiling ?	man
17615	A woman is interviewing another woman about the competition and all the events .	who is interviewing another woman about the competition and all the events ?	woman
17615	A woman is interviewing another woman about the competition and all the events .	who is the woman interviewing about the competition and all the events ?	woman
17616	Several clips are shown of people enjoying different sports and activities .	what are shown of people enjoying different sports and activities ?	clips
17618	A cowboy riding a horse exits a gate .	who is riding a horse exits a gate ?	cowboy
17618	A cowboy riding a horse exits a gate .	the cowboy riding what exits a gate ?	horse
17618	A cowboy riding a horse exits a gate .	what is the cowboy riding a horse exits ?	gate
17619	He ropes a little calf with a lasso .	what did he rope with a lasso ?	calf
17620	He jumps down and ties up the calf .	what does he tie up ?	calf
17621	A cue ball rolls on a table slowly away from the pocket .	what rolls on the table slowly away from the pocket ?	ball
17622	A man stands holding a touch screen discussing .	who stands holding the touch screen discussing ?	man
17624	A leg wearing a blue pants with red and white lines is shown , it moves on the snow , the legs were crossed as the lifebuoy moves on the snow .	the leg wearing what with red and white lines is shown , it moves on the snow , the legs were crossed as the lifebuoy moves on the snow ?	pants
17624	A leg wearing a blue pants with red and white lines is shown , it moves on the snow , the legs were crossed as the lifebuoy moves on the snow .	what is the color of the pants ?	blue
17632	Her mother talks as she watches her slide to the ground and start again .	who talks as she watches her slide to the ground and start again ?	mother
17635	A man jumps onto a balance beam .	who jumps onto the balance beam ?	man
17637	He dismounts and lands on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
17639	A woman is standing and walking inside a store .	who is standing and walking inside the store ?	woman
17642	The woman shows the man her biceps before engaging in arm wrestling with him .	who shows the man her biceps before engaging in arm wrestling with him ?	woman
17644	man is running wearing stilts in a green grassy field .	who is running wearing stilts in a green grassy field ?	man
17644	man is running wearing stilts in a green grassy field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
17645	cars are parked on side of a street in the background .	what are parked on side of a street in the background ?	cars
17646	man get ous the grass and runs into a street .	who get ous the grass and runs into a street ?	man
17646	man get ous the grass and runs into a street .	what do man get ous ?	grass
17649	A man is seen standing at the end of a dock and looking back to people partying .	who is seen standing at the end of a dock and looking back to people partying ?	man
17650	The man walks up and sees two people performing martial arts in the middle of a circle .	who walks up and sees two people performing martial arts in the middle of a circle ?	man
17650	The man walks up and sees two people performing martial arts in the middle of a circle .	how many people does the man see performing martial arts in the middle of a circle ?	two
17652	There 's a young woman who is curling in a curling rink .	who does there 's ?	woman
17652	There 's a young woman who is curling in a curling rink .	who does 's a young woman is curling where . ?	rink
17655	The woman seems a bit distressed about the game .	who seems the bit distressed about the game ?	woman
17657	A man is using a weed whacker to trim bushes .	who is using the weed whacker to trim bushes ?	man
17657	A man is using a weed whacker to trim bushes .	what is the man using ?	whacker
17658	He turns away from the bushes and cuts weeds on the ground .	what does he cut on the ground ?	weeds
17659	woman is standing in a kitchen talking to the camera holding a bag of pasta .	who is standing in the kitchen talking to the camera holding a bag of pasta ?	woman
17660	woman grab some pasta and put them in boiled water .	who grab some pasta and put them in boiled water ?	woman
17660	woman grab some pasta and put them in boiled water .	what do woman grab ?	pasta
17661	woman grab one spaghetti and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it .	who grab one spaghetti and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it ?	woman
17661	woman grab one spaghetti and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it .	what do woman grab ?	spaghetti
17661	woman grab one spaghetti and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it .	how many spaghetti do woman grab ?	one
17662	throw the water in the sink and grate cheese in pasta and a little oegano and serve it in a white plate .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
17662	throw the water in the sink and grate cheese in pasta and a little oegano and serve it in a white plate .	where do serve it . ?	plate
17665	Dog owner stand with and hold their dogs .	who stand with and hold their dogs ?	owner
17665	Dog owner stand with and hold their dogs .	what do dog owner hold ?	dogs
17672	The person then sharpens the blade on a coffee mug and cuts through the paper .	what does the person then sharpen on a coffee mug ?	blade
17674	Dobson sketches out a design on white canvas and starts painting it .	what is the color of the canvas ?	white
17676	A man is standing behind a bar .	who is standing behind the bar ?	man
17677	He puts ice into the glass and pours drinks into it .	what does he pour into it ?	drinks
17680	Two men are talking while one is sitting in his car .	how many men are talking while one is sitting in his car ?	two
17680	Two men are talking while one is sitting in his car .	where are two men talking while one is sitting . ?	car
17681	A man is cleaning a car and talking to the camera .	who is cleaning the car and talking to the camera ?	man
17681	A man is cleaning a car and talking to the camera .	what is the man cleaning and talking to the camera ?	car
17682	The car is dried and vacuumed , then on to the next car .	what is dried and vacuumed , then on to the next car ?	car
17683	The customer is handed his keys and he is on his way with a clean car .	who is handed his keys and he is on his way with a clean car ?	customer
17683	The customer is handed his keys and he is on his way with a clean car .	what is the customer handed and he is on his way with a clean car ?	keys
17684	Two men are messing around while cleaning the car .	how many men are messing around while cleaning the car ?	two
17686	A young girl is standing in her living room holding a baton horizontal to her neck while a cat on the ground is moving about .	who is standing in her living room holding a baton horizontal to her neck while a cat on the ground is moving about ?	girl
17687	The girl then unbends her arm , lets the baton roll to her hands then begins to do a series of twirling the baton .	who then unbends her arm , lets the baton roll to her hands then begins to do a series of twirling the baton ?	girl
17688	The cat below walks in and out of the screen while she 's twirling the baton and even throws it up in the air , catches it then continues to twirl it .	what below walks in and out of the screen while she 's twirling the baton and even throws it up in the air , catches it then continues to twirl it ?	cat
17689	A man bends on front a hedge holding an electric cutter .	who bends on front the hedge holding an electric cutter ?	man
17690	The man cuts a long hedge of a garden using an electric cutter .	who cuts the long hedge of a garden using an electric cutter ?	man
17691	Then , the man removes leaves on top the hedge with his hand .	who does then , remove leaves on top the hedge with his hand ?	man
17692	man is sitting in a room playing congas .	who is sitting in the room playing congas ?	man
17693	keyboard is behind the man playing congsa in a room .	what is behind the man playing congsa in a room ?	keyboard
17694	man is playing salsa in congas in a music room .	who is playing salsa in congas in a music room ?	man
17694	man is playing salsa in congas in a music room .	what is man playing in congas in a music room ?	salsa
17695	A girl is riding on a yellow riding lawn mower on a very large yard filled with green grass .	who is riding on the yellow riding lawn mower on a very large yard filled with green grass ?	girl
17695	A girl is riding on a yellow riding lawn mower on a very large yard filled with green grass .	what is the color of the mower ?	yellow
17695	A girl is riding on a yellow riding lawn mower on a very large yard filled with green grass .	what is the color of the grass ?	green
17699	After washing and conditioning , product is applied and blow dried .	what is after washing and conditioning , applied and blow dried ?	product
17702	The truck starts driving and the man is pulled behind on the tow rope .	what starts driving and the man is pulled behind on the tow rope ?	truck
17702	The truck starts driving and the man is pulled behind on the tow rope .	who does the truck start and is pulled behind on the tow rope ?	man
17703	The man maneuvers to pull up parallel with the truck and alternates going back and forth behind the truck .	who maneuvers to pull up parallel with the truck and alternates going back and forth behind the truck ?	man
17704	The man slows down before he lets go of the tow rope and comes to a stop .	who slows down before he lets go of the tow rope and comes to a stop ?	man
17705	The blue gates open and a little bull runs out and the guy on the horse chase it down .	what is the color of the open ?	blue
17706	the guy the tosses the rope and catch the bull around the neck while the or end of the rope is tied to the horse .	who tosses the rope and catch the bull around the neck while the or end of the rope is tied to the horse ?	guy
17706	the guy the tosses the rope and catch the bull around the neck while the or end of the rope is tied to the horse .	what does the guy the toss ?	rope
17706	the guy the tosses the rope and catch the bull around the neck while the or end of the rope is tied to the horse .	what do the guy the catch around the neck ?	bull
17707	The guy then jumps off the horse , runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie the bulls legs together .	who then jumps off the horse , runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie the bulls legs together ?	guy
17707	The guy then jumps off the horse , runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie the bulls legs together .	what does the guy then jump off ?	horse
17707	The guy then jumps off the horse , runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie the bulls legs together .	what do the guy then flip it on his back then tie together ?	legs
17708	the guy then gets back on his horse while two other guys free the bull from the rope tie and take it away .	who then gets back on his horse while two other guys free the bull from the rope tie and take it away ?	guy
17708	the guy then gets back on his horse while two other guys free the bull from the rope tie and take it away .	how many other guys does the guy then get back on his horse while free the bull from the rope tie and take it away ?	two
17709	A lady is walking across a lawn .	who is walking across the lawn ?	lady
17710	A guy runs and stops on the lawn .	who runs and stops on the lawn ?	guy
17711	A man is standing on a track .	who is standing on the track ?	man
17712	The man runs on the track , jumps , and lands in a sand box .	who runs on the track , jumps , and lands in a sand box ?	man
17713	The man gets up , falls to the ground , and lays there .	who gets up , falls to the ground , and lays there ?	man
17714	woman is standing in front of the camera in a white room playing with her hair .	who is standing in front of the camera in a white room playing with her hair ?	woman
17714	woman is standing in front of the camera in a white room playing with her hair .	what is the color of the room ?	white
17715	A man stands in front of the camera before being shown playing a game of basketball while punching a man with a pair of boxing gloves .	who stands in front of the camera before being shown playing a game of basketball while punching a man with a pair of boxing gloves ?	man
17716	The two men shake hands .	how many men shake hands ?	two
17717	A man is seen sitting on a bench holding a guitar and speaking to the camera .	who is seen sitting on the bench holding a guitar and speaking to the camera ?	man
17719	The man continues to play while moving his hands all around and stopping to look at the camera .	who continues to play while moving his hands all around and stopping to look at the camera ?	man
17721	The teacher starts and the class follows .	who starts and the class follows ?	teacher
17726	The teacher walks to turn off the camera .	who walks to turn off the camera ?	teacher
17727	A female swimmer is standing on a diving board in a black swim suit and she jumps off doing multiple flips .	who is standing on the diving board in a black swim suit and she jumps off doing multiple flips ?	swimmer
17727	A female swimmer is standing on a diving board in a black swim suit and she jumps off doing multiple flips .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
17732	The person continues painting with text shown and blending in the paint .	where does the person continue painting with text shown and blending . ?	paint
17734	There 's a man drawing a white starting line on the ground for the race .	who does there 's drawing a white starting line on the ground for the race ?	man
17734	There 's a man drawing a white starting line on the ground for the race .	what is the color of the line ?	white
17742	little kid is standing in a pool poining out a yellow bucket in the water and other peolpe is sitting in benches around the pool .	who is standing in the pool poining out a yellow bucket in the water and other peolpe is sitting in benches around the pool ?	kid
17742	little kid is standing in a pool poining out a yellow bucket in the water and other peolpe is sitting in benches around the pool .	what is the color of the bucket ?	yellow
17742	little kid is standing in a pool poining out a yellow bucket in the water and other peolpe is sitting in benches around the pool .	where is little kid standing poining out a yellow bucket in the water and other peolpe is sitting in benches around the pool . ?	pool
17743	woman is carrying the child on his back and then she is with a man and the kid riding bikes in the park .	who is carrying the child on his back and then she is with a man and the kid riding bikes in the park ?	woman
17744	kid is running inside a roofed basket court .	who is running inside the roofed basket court ?	kid
17745	kid is laying with a tennis racket .	who is laying with the tennis racket ?	kid
17746	A man is walking in a room .	who is walking in the room ?	man
17746	A man is walking in a room .	where is the man walking . ?	room
17747	A girl is dancing in front of a mirror in the room .	who is dancing in front of a mirror in the room ?	girl
17749	A man dressed in black plays a saxophone on a pool patio .	who dressed in black plays a saxophone on a pool patio ?	man
17749	A man dressed in black plays a saxophone on a pool patio .	what is the color of the man ?	black
17751	The camera pans over to the keyboard player playing a Korg electric piano .	what pans over to the keyboard player playing a korg electric piano ?	camera
17752	The lady talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	lady
17753	We then see a pot .	what do we then see ?	pot
17754	We see spaghetti in a box .	where do we see spaghetti . ?	box
17755	We see salt in a cup .	where do we see salt . ?	cup
17758	She adds pasta to the water .	what does she add to the water ?	pasta
17759	We see the pasta box up close .	what do we see up close ?	box
17765	A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing next to a car with an open trunk .	who is seen speaking to the camera while standing next to a car with an open trunk ?	man
17766	The man then unscrews a tire and lifts the car with a jack .	who then unscrews the tire and lifts the car with a jack ?	man
17766	The man then unscrews a tire and lifts the car with a jack .	what does the man then unscrew ?	tire
17766	The man then unscrews a tire and lifts the car with a jack .	what does the man then lift with a jack ?	car
17767	The man takes the tire off and puts a new one on , ending by screwing it into place .	who takes the tire off and puts a new one on , ending by screwing it into place ?	man
17769	a bicycle is shown in a dark room .	what is shown in the dark room ?	bicycle
17769	a bicycle is shown in a dark room .	where is the bicycle shown . ?	room
17770	man is wearing motobike clothes and is riding a motorbike in a field .	who is wearing motobike clothes and is riding a motorbike in a field ?	man
17770	man is wearing motobike clothes and is riding a motorbike in a field .	what is man wearing ?	clothes
17771	man is doing high jumps on the motorbike practicig motocross in a dusty field .	who is doing high jumps on the motorbike practicig motocross in a dusty field ?	man
17773	Several swimmers are swimming in the pool .	who are swimming in the pool ?	swimmers
17773	Several swimmers are swimming in the pool .	where are several swimmers swimming . ?	pool
17775	A man is shown speedily raking leaves in his front yard .	who is shown speedily raking leaves in his front yard ?	man
17776	Several cars go by as he continues raking .	what go by as he continues raking ?	cars
17778	A woman appears and helps him rake and bag the leaves .	who appears and helps him rake and bag the leaves ?	woman
17782	The person gets a tray of white paint and paints a fence .	what is the color of the paint ?	white
17783	man is walking in a casino watching the pople and the machines .	who is walking in the casino watching the pople and the machines ?	man
17784	woman is sitting in a black jack table and is talking to men .	who is sitting in the black jack table and is talking to men ?	woman
17784	woman is sitting in a black jack table and is talking to men .	what is the color of the table ?	black
17785	woman is smiling and stretching her arm behind her back .	who is smiling and stretching her arm behind her back ?	woman
17786	man sits in a table and start playing black jack in a casino .	who sits in the table and start playing black jack in a casino ?	man
17786	man sits in a table and start playing black jack in a casino .	what is the color of the jack ?	black
17787	A man talks to the camera from a kitchen .	who talks to the camera from a kitchen ?	man
17788	The man demonstrates sharpening a knife with several sharpening tools .	who demonstrates sharpening the knife with several sharpening tools ?	man
17789	The man talks to the camera again .	who talks to the camera again ?	man
17790	The man sharpens and then holds up a knife .	who sharpens and then holds up the knife ?	man
17790	The man sharpens and then holds up a knife .	what does the man hold up ?	knife
17792	The man talks to the camera some more .	who talks to the camera some more ?	man
17794	We see a lady in a nurse shirt talking and two dogs in a kitchen .	where do we see a lady in a nurse shirt talking and two dogs . ?	kitchen
17798	We then see the dogs on the floor again .	what do we then see on the floor again ?	dogs
17802	They kick the ball back and forth while some people watch on the sidelines .	what do they kick back and forth ?	ball
17804	Players kick a ball and run the bases on a baseball field .	what do players kick ?	ball
17804	Players kick a ball and run the bases on a baseball field .	what do players run on a baseball field ?	bases
17807	A small child is seen sitting in a swing .	who is seen sitting in the swing ?	child
17808	The child moves back and fourth on the swing while a laughing .	who moves back and fourth on the swing while a laughing ?	child
17810	Two young girls are seen speaking to the camera and playing with one another .	who are seen speaking to the camera and playing with one another ?	girls
17810	Two young girls are seen speaking to the camera and playing with one another .	how many young girls are seen speaking to the camera and playing with one another ?	two
17811	One girl then pulls out a bottle of nail polish while the other waves to the camera .	who then pulls out the bottle of nail polish while the other waves to the camera ?	girl
17811	One girl then pulls out a bottle of nail polish while the other waves to the camera .	how many girl then pulls out the bottle of nail polish while the other waves to the camera ?	one
17812	More clips are shown of one girl attempting to paint the nails of the other and ends by waving to the camera .	what are shown of one girl attempting to paint the nails of the other and ends by waving to the camera ?	clips
17813	A lady is wiping her face .	who is wiping her face ?	lady
17814	A little girl is applying makeup to her face .	who is applying makeup to her face ?	girl
17814	A little girl is applying makeup to her face .	what is the little girl applying to her face ?	makeup
17815	The mother does the girls makeup .	who does the girls makeup ?	mother
17815	The mother does the girls makeup .	what does the mother do ?	makeup
17816	The girls admires her reflection .	who admires her reflection ?	girls
17817	The girl grabs her toothbrush .	who grabs her toothbrush ?	girl
17817	The girl grabs her toothbrush .	what does the girl grab ?	toothbrush
17818	The woman is positioned to take off on the race track and the man moves out of the way for her to go .	who is positioned to take off on the race track and the man moves out of the way for her to go ?	woman
17818	The woman is positioned to take off on the race track and the man moves out of the way for her to go .	who is the woman positioned and moves out of the way for her to go ?	man
17822	A button is pushed on a machine .	what is pushed on the machine ?	button
17827	A man is seated on the edge of the platform and holds onto large ropes .	who is seated on the edge of the platform and holds onto large ropes ?	man
17828	A patron runs and jumps from the platform wearing a budgie cord and he bounces on it as he reaches the bottom .	who runs and jumps from the platform wearing a budgie cord and he bounces on it as he reaches the bottom ?	patron
17830	We see the boat driving as a person jet skis behind it .	what do we see driving as a person jet skis behind it ?	boat
17831	We see the skier without the boat .	who do we see without the boat ?	skier
17832	We see the boat from above again .	what do we see from above again ?	boat
17833	The skier falls into the water .	who falls into the water ?	skier
17834	We see the skier ski and perform 4 flips .	how many flips do we see the skier ski and perform ?	four
17835	We see the skier ski .	what do we see ?	ski
17837	A person in the boat raises their hands in the air .	where does the person raise their hands in the air . ?	boat
17838	The man in black shirt is playing guitar in the studio .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
17838	The man in black shirt is playing guitar in the studio .	where is the man in black shirt playing guitar . ?	studio
17839	The man is strumming the guitar .	who is strumming the guitar ?	man
17839	The man is strumming the guitar .	what is the man strumming ?	guitar
17840	The man is pressing the thread on the guitar keys as he strum the guitar .	who is pressing the thread on the guitar keys as he strum the guitar ?	man
17841	An old man threw the yellow ball in the cup and it bounced back on the table .	who threw the yellow ball in the cup and it bounced back on the table ?	man
17841	An old man threw the yellow ball in the cup and it bounced back on the table .	what did an old man throw in the cup and it bounced back on the table ?	ball
17841	An old man threw the yellow ball in the cup and it bounced back on the table .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
17841	An old man threw the yellow ball in the cup and it bounced back on the table .	where did an old man throw the yellow ball and it bounced back on the table . ?	cup
17842	The old man in black shirt threw the ball and landed on the table .	what did the old man in black shirt throw ?	ball
17842	The old man in black shirt threw the ball and landed on the table .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
17843	A man threw the ball back and the man in black shirt take the ball from the cup and threw it but landed outside the table .	who threw the ball back and the man in black shirt take the ball from the cup and threw it but landed outside the table ?	man
17843	A man threw the ball back and the man in black shirt take the ball from the cup and threw it but landed outside the table .	what did the man throw back and the man in black shirt take the ball from the cup and threw it but landed outside the table ?	ball
17843	A man threw the ball back and the man in black shirt take the ball from the cup and threw it but landed outside the table .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
17844	A woman bends over in a ballet pose .	who bends over in the ballet pose ?	woman
17845	She then faces the camera talking .	what does she then face talking ?	camera
17849	The man then stands and plays the violin .	who then stands and plays the violin ?	man
17849	The man then stands and plays the violin .	what does the man then stand and plays ?	violin
17852	We see the people in the locker .	where do we see the people . ?	locker
17853	We see the playing man and then the crowd stands and claps .	who do we see playing and then the crowd stands and claps ?	man
17854	The man smiles and waves .	who smiles and waves ?	man
17855	There are several swimmers standing on the tallest diving board of a swimming pool .	who are there standing on the tallest diving board of a swimming pool ?	swimmers
17856	The divers are getting ready to dive into the pool .	who are getting ready to dive into the pool ?	divers
17858	A man in a red apron is talking .	what is the color of the apron ?	red
17858	A man in a red apron is talking .	where is the man talking . ?	apron
17861	A woman is seen riding on a camel behind another man on a camel .	who is seen riding on the camel behind another man on a camel ?	woman
17864	Two women in a child are shown in a canoe while a man pulls the canoe while standing in the water , with other individuals visible in the background .	how many women in a child are shown in a canoe while a man pulls the canoe while standing in the water , with other individuals visible in the background ?	two
17864	Two women in a child are shown in a canoe while a man pulls the canoe while standing in the water , with other individuals visible in the background .	where are two women in a child shown while a man pulls the canoe while standing in the water , with other individuals visible in the background . ?	canoe
17865	The child and a different man sit in a canoe while the man paddles .	where do the child and a different man sit while the man paddles . ?	canoe
17866	The camera pans to show the first man in the foreground .	what pans to show the first man in the foreground ?	camera
17867	The child and the first man are in a canoe while the first man paddles .	where are the child and the first man while the first man paddles . ?	canoe
17869	Two people are seen hosting a news segment that leads into clips of people scraping off their cars .	how many people are seen hosting the news segment that leads into clips of people scraping off their cars ?	two
17870	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while scraping off her car and holding up products to help .	who is seen speaking to the camera while scraping off her car and holding up products to help ?	woman
17872	A young female gymnast wearing red prepares for her balance beam routine in the Olympics .	who prepares for her balance beam routine in the olympics ?	red
17873	The female gymnast runs to the springboard and jumps from it to the balance beam .	who runs to the springboard and jumps from it to the balance beam ?	gymnast
17874	The female gymnast then does her tumbling routine on the balance beam while commentators explain what she is doing and how difficult it is .	who then does her tumbling routine on the balance beam while commentators explain what she is doing and how difficult it is ?	gymnast
17875	A huge crowd watches and cheers the gymnast on .	who do the huge crowd cheers on ?	gymnast
17876	An Asian man walks to the balance beam and pulls the springboard away from the beam .	who walks to the balance beam and pulls the springboard away from the beam ?	man
17876	An Asian man walks to the balance beam and pulls the springboard away from the beam .	what does an asian man pull away from the beam ?	springboard
17877	The gymnast performs a difficult tumbling sequence and the crowd cheers louder than before .	who performs the difficult tumbling sequence and the crowd cheers louder than before ?	gymnast
17878	People in the crowd that is watching the gymnast enter the gym and find seats while others stand up and exit the gym .	that is people in the crowd watching the gymnast enter what and find seats while others stand up and exit the gym ?	gym
17878	People in the crowd that is watching the gymnast enter the gym and find seats while others stand up and exit the gym .	that is people in the crowd watching the gymnast enter the gym and find what and exit the gym ?	seats
17878	People in the crowd that is watching the gymnast enter the gym and find seats while others stand up and exit the gym .	that is people in the crowd watching the gymnast enter the gym and find seats and exit what ?	gym
17879	Another female gymnast walks past the balance beam in the background .	who walks past the balance beam in the background ?	gymnast
17880	The female gymnast prepares for her dismount .	who prepares for her dismount ?	gymnast
17881	The female gymnast runs and completes a tumbling sequence to exit the balance beam .	who runs and completes the tumbling sequence to exit the balance beam ?	gymnast
17882	The female gymnast lands perfectly and throws her arms straight up in the air with a huge smile on her face Other gymnasts in the background watch and clap .	what did the female gymnast perfectly ?	lands
17887	The commentators replay several of the gymnasts more difficult tumbling sequences and her dismount in slow motion while explaining what she is doing .	who replay several of the gymnasts more difficult tumbling sequences and her dismount in slow motion while explaining what she is doing ?	commentators
17888	The female gymnast hugs another coach and another one of her teammates while a man films them with a large camera .	who hugs another coach and another one of her teammates while a man films them with a large camera ?	gymnast
17891	The female gymnast talks with her team while waiting for her score to be displayed .	who talks with her team while waiting for her score to be displayed ?	gymnast
17892	A little girl demonstrates how to apply make up using a mini makeup kit as a makeup source , all while talking to the camera .	who demonstrates how to apply make up using the mini makeup kit as a makeup source , all while talking to the camera ?	girl
17893	A little girl talks to the camera and then leans into the camera in a close up shot .	who talks to the camera and then leans into the camera in a close up shot ?	girl
17894	The girl then applies black mascara to her eyelashes and some eyeshadow and lip gloss taking breaks after the applications to talk to the camera .	who then applies black mascara to her eyelashes and some eyeshadow and lip gloss taking breaks after the applications to talk to the camera ?	girl
17894	The girl then applies black mascara to her eyelashes and some eyeshadow and lip gloss taking breaks after the applications to talk to the camera .	what does the girl then apply to her eyelashes and some eyeshadow and lip gloss taking breaks after the applications to talk to the camera ?	mascara
17894	The girl then applies black mascara to her eyelashes and some eyeshadow and lip gloss taking breaks after the applications to talk to the camera .	what is the color of the mascara ?	black
17895	The little girl gives a final thumbs up and blows kisses to the camera before talking more and smiling as the scene fades out .	who gives the final thumbs up and blows kisses to the camera before talking more and smiling as the scene fades out ?	girl
17896	A man sits on a rowing machine in a gym and talks to the camera while demonstrating how to use a rowing exercise machine .	who sits on the rowing machine in a gym and talks to the camera while demonstrating how to use a rowing exercise machine ?	man
17897	The man begins to exercise on the machine slowly , all while talking to the camera , eventually building up to a more fast paced work out on the same machine .	who begins to exercise on the machine slowly , all while talking to the camera , eventually building up to a more fast paced work out on the same machine ?	man
17898	The man begins to demonstrate how to use the digital panel on the exercise machine by pointing at it and talking to the camera .	who begins to demonstrate how to use the digital panel on the exercise machine by pointing at it and talking to the camera ?	man
17899	A kite is shown high in the air .	what is shown high in the air ?	kite
17900	A man is holding the kite before letting it go .	who is holding the kite before letting it go ?	man
17900	A man is holding the kite before letting it go .	what is the man holding before letting it go ?	kite
17902	A man is standing in a gym holding up a large bicycle wheel moving his hands along the tube inside the rubber .	who is standing in the gym holding up a large bicycle wheel moving his hands along the tube inside the rubber ?	man
17903	The man continuously performs the action as he moves the circle around on his knee .	who continuously performs the action as he moves the circle around on his knee ?	man
17904	After , the man picks up a yellow object and starts to tighten the spokes on the wheel and sealing the lifting the rubber up .	after , who picks up the yellow object and starts to tighten the spokes on the wheel and sealing the lifting the rubber up ?	man
17904	After , the man picks up a yellow object and starts to tighten the spokes on the wheel and sealing the lifting the rubber up .	what is the color of the object ?	yellow
17905	A man uses a trimmer to trim the leaves on a tree in a backyard , starting in the middle .	who uses the trimmer to trim the leaves on a tree in a backyard , starting in the middle ?	man
17905	A man uses a trimmer to trim the leaves on a tree in a backyard , starting in the middle .	who does the man use , starting in the middle ?	trimmer
17907	Two women are standing inside a house .	who are standing inside the house ?	women
17907	Two women are standing inside a house .	how many women are standing inside the house ?	two
17908	They show off a canvas tile .	what do they show off ?	tile
17911	A fluffy dog is standing on a sidewalk with a child behind it .	what is standing on the sidewalk with a child behind it ?	dog
17912	The dog begins walking on the sidewalk and closely behind him a child is riding on a scooter as the dog walks .	what begins walking on the sidewalk and closely behind him a child is riding on a scooter as the dog walks ?	dog
17913	A sink is shown full of dirty dishes and leads into various products shown off .	what is shown full of dirty dishes and leads into various products shown off ?	sink
17914	A person then scrubs the dishes and begins putting some of them into a bucket .	what does the person then scrub ?	dishes
17915	They wash the dishes continuously while stacking them in a rack off to the side .	what do they wash continuously while stacking them in a rack off to the side ?	dishes
17916	A Phillips three headed razor is shown and then un-boxed on a red table .	what is the color of the table ?	red
17917	Next , the razor is assembled and place on its charge to charge once it is plugged in .	next , what is assembled and place on its charge to charge once it is plugged in ?	razor
17918	Once fully charged , the man rinses the razors , applies shaving cream to this beard area and start to shave .	, who rinses the razors , applies shaving cream to this beard area and start to shave ?	man
17918	Once fully charged , the man rinses the razors , applies shaving cream to this beard area and start to shave .	what does , the man rinse ?	razors
17919	As he is shaving , the man continues to talk and his face begins to turn a little big razor and the razor is then placed back on the charger .	who does , continue to talk and his face begins to turn a little big razor and the razor is then placed back on the charger ?	man
17920	A man is standing on a stage in front of an american flag while reading into a microphone from a piece of paper .	who is standing on the stage in front of an american flag while reading into a microphone from a piece of paper ?	man
17923	The winner is interviewed afterward .	who is interviewed afterward ?	winner
17924	The Bali River tubing information is shown on the screen .	what is shown on the screen ?	information
17925	There 's a yellow and red tube shown with the name Bali River printed on it .	what does there 's shown with the name bali river printed on it ?	tube
17926	There are several people wearing protective helmets tubing in the river .	there are several people wearing what tubing in the river ?	helmets
17927	There 's a man standing under a pipe with fast flowing water .	who does there 's standing under a pipe with fast flowing water ?	man
17928	There are some tubers paddling through the water with their hands .	what are there paddling through the water with their hands ?	tubers
17929	There 's a man relaxing in his tube giving a thumbs up .	who does there 's relaxing in his tube giving a thumbs up ?	man
17930	The tubers continue tubing through the river .	what continue tubing through the river ?	tubers
17931	A man is seen wearing a mask and pushing an object along a wall .	who is seen wearing the mask and pushing an object along a wall ?	man
17932	The man is then seen laying out paper across a table .	who is then seen laying out paper across a table ?	man
17935	A friend is talking with the fallen woman as she tries to get up .	who is talking with the fallen woman as she tries to get up ?	friend
17936	A friend talks to her while holding the camera and offers her a hand to get up .	who talks to her while holding the camera and offers her a hand to get up ?	friend
17937	Two women hold hand and start rollerblading , while the girl in the red shirt learns how .	who hold hand and start rollerblading , while the girl in the red shirt learns how ?	women
17937	Two women hold hand and start rollerblading , while the girl in the red shirt learns how .	how many women hold hand and start rollerblading , while the girl in the red shirt learns how ?	two
17937	Two women hold hand and start rollerblading , while the girl in the red shirt learns how .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
17938	The girl in the red shirt falls and they all laugh .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
17939	A leaf blower is shown blowing a large pile of leaves across a green lawn in front of residential houses .	what is shown blowing the large pile of leaves across a green lawn in front of residential houses ?	blower
17939	A leaf blower is shown blowing a large pile of leaves across a green lawn in front of residential houses .	what is the color of the lawn ?	green
17940	The camera occasionally and finally settles on a yellow riding lawn mower sitting in the yard beyond the piles of leaves .	what occasionally and finally settles on the yellow riding lawn mower sitting in the yard beyond the piles of leaves ?	camera
17940	The camera occasionally and finally settles on a yellow riding lawn mower sitting in the yard beyond the piles of leaves .	what is the color of the mower ?	yellow
17941	We see a girl with purple hair talking to the camera .	who do we see with purple hair talking to the camera ?	girl
17941	We see a girl with purple hair talking to the camera .	what is the color of the hair ?	purple
17944	She holds 2 bottle to the camera .	how many bottle does she hold to the camera ?	two
17945	The girl brushes her hair and puts it in a ponytail .	who brushes her hair and puts it in a ponytail ?	girl
17946	The girl adds products to her hair .	who adds products to her hair ?	girl
17946	The girl adds products to her hair .	what does the girl add to her hair ?	products
17947	The girl points at the camera .	who points at the camera ?	girl
17948	The girl gives the camera a thumbs up .	who gives the camera a thumbs up ?	girl
17949	man is standing on a room playing dart .	who is standing on the room playing dart ?	man
17950	man is throwing darts into a dartboard .	who is throwing darts into a dartboard ?	man
17951	the man grabs the darts from the board and talks to the camera .	who grabs the darts from the board and talks to the camera ?	man
17953	Next to him another boy was also shaking a cup , and then preparing to transfer the contents to a paper cup .	who was next to him also shaking a cup , and then preparing to transfer the contents to a paper cup ?	boy
17953	Next to him another boy was also shaking a cup , and then preparing to transfer the contents to a paper cup .	what was next to him another boy also shaking , and then preparing to transfer the contents to a paper cup ?	cup
17954	A man begins speaking from a showroom , while standing in front of a air hockey table game .	who begins speaking from the showroom , while standing in front of a air hockey table game ?	man
17955	The camera cuts away to show four men playing a game of air hockey with the table game .	what cuts away to show four men playing a game of air hockey with the table game ?	camera
17955	The camera cuts away to show four men playing a game of air hockey with the table game .	how many men does the camera cut away to show playing a game of air hockey with the table game ?	four
17956	A man stands by a pole vault rig while a series of vaulters is shown attempting the vault with varying degrees of success .	who stands by the pole vault rig while a series of vaulters is shown attempting the vault with varying degrees of success ?	man
17957	A group of people wearing white uniforms walk by in the background .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	white
17958	Two people walk by in the background .	how many people walk by in the background ?	two
17959	A host is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a trainer speaking with others exercising behind her .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a trainer speaking with others exercising behind her ?	host
17961	A woman is closing her eyes standing on a diving board .	who is closing her eyes standing on a diving board ?	woman
17966	A man in a yellow shirt plays the saxophone .	what does the man in a yellow shirt play ?	saxophone
17966	A man in a yellow shirt plays the saxophone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
17967	A young man sits down and pulls a drum close to him .	who sits down and pulls the drum close to him ?	man
17968	He picks up his sticks and hits them together .	what does he pick up ?	sticks
17971	He gets up and moves the camera to show a lever he moves and then he taps on the top of a drum over and over .	what does he move and then he taps on the top of a drum over and over ?	camera
17974	Another girl steps in and joins her by singing and several others join in to sing as well .	who steps in and joins her by singing and several others join in to sing as well ?	girl
17975	A mime walks in with fireworks while the group still sings and many around are seen laughing and smiling .	who walks in with fireworks while the group still sings and many around are seen laughing and smiling ?	mime
17976	Two men exercise inside a gym , then a man jumps rope crossing his arms and also the moving the rope on front .	who do two men exercise inside a gym , then jumps rope crossing his arms and also the moving the rope on front ?	man
17976	Two men exercise inside a gym , then a man jumps rope crossing his arms and also the moving the rope on front .	how many men exercise inside the gym ?	two
17977	The man moves the rope with his right hand , then he moves both hands while skipping .	who moves the rope with his right hand , then he moves both hands while skipping ?	man
17978	Then , the man jumps crossing the arms , after he jumps normal for long time .	who does then , jump crossing the arms , after he jumps normal for long time ?	man
17979	Next , the a young man jumps rope raising the feet high , then he cross his the arms jumping .	who does next , rope raising the feet high , then he cross his the arms jumping ?	jumps
17980	After , the young man moves the rope with the right hand , then he moves it with both hands and also moves the rope on front .	, then he also moves what on front ?	rope
17981	After , the young man jumps alternate crossing the arms , skipping and moving the rope on front .	who does after , jump alternate crossing the arms , skipping and moving the rope on front ?	man
17981	After , the young man jumps alternate crossing the arms , skipping and moving the rope on front .	who does after , the young man jump ?	alternate
17983	He then pulls the other man up and watches him jump off on the side on a bungee cord .	he then pulls who up ?	man
17984	People stands on top of a diving board , the a man jumps in the swimming pool .	where does people stand on top of a diving board , the a man jumps . ?	pool
17985	Suddenly a girl runs on a lower dining board and jumps in the swimming pool .	who does suddenly run on the lower dining board and jumps in the swimming pool ?	girl
17987	a man is crouching in the woods next to a pile of stones .	who is crouching in the woods next to a pile of stones ?	man
17994	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
17996	The man shows us a can of product he this sprays on and wipes down a ski .	who shows us a can of product he this sprays on and wipes down a ski ?	man
17997	The man then holds the ski for us to see .	who then holds the ski for us to see ?	man
17999	Two kids with extremly long hair are outside near a group of sheds .	how many kids with extremly long hair are outside near a group of sheds ?	two
18000	The shorter boy begins pulling the other guys hair and pulling him by it .	who begins pulling the other guys hair and pulling him by it ?	boy
18002	woman is standing in front of a poker tokens and cards .	who is standing in front of a poker tokens and cards ?	woman
18005	cards are in a stack and other person split it in two and put them in a transparent box .	where are cards in a stack and other person split it in two and put them . ?	box
18006	A girl shows how to bake cookies from scratch .	who shows how to bake cookies from scratch ?	girl
18007	Ingredients are added , stirred , and then the mixture is put in the oven .	what are added , stirred , and then the mixture is put in the oven ?	ingredients
18007	Ingredients are added , stirred , and then the mixture is put in the oven .	where are ingredients added , stirred , and then the mixture is put . ?	oven
18008	There 's a woman in a black raincoat standing next to a wooden fence .	what is the color of the raincoat ?	black
18009	She is joined by a little girl wearing a polka dotted jacket who brings her some green paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	green
18010	The woman begins painting the fence with a bush .	who begins painting the fence with a bush ?	woman
18011	There are several other people in the neighborhood who are seen volunteering to paint the fence with green paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	green
18012	The volunteers are being interviewed .	who are being interviewed ?	volunteers
18013	There are two boys dressed in Batman costumes standing there .	who are there dressed in batman costumes standing there ?	boys
18013	There are two boys dressed in Batman costumes standing there .	how many boys are there dressed in batman costumes standing there ?	two
18014	The volunteers continue to paint the fence .	who continue to paint the fence ?	volunteers
18017	Various mountain scenery is shown from different angles .	what is shown from different angles ?	scenery
18018	A soldier plays a bagpipe in a mountain scene .	who plays the bagpipe in a mountain scene ?	soldier
18019	Various clips are shown of landscapes as well as people riding along on boats and a man speaking to the camera .	what are shown of landscapes as well as people riding along on boats and a man speaking to the camera ?	clips
18020	The man dives into the water and is shown in several clips swimming around and fish moving along as well .	who dives into the water and is shown in several clips swimming around and fish moving along as well ?	man
18021	The man gives hand gestures to the camera and swims to the surface when another man grabs his gear and he speaks to the camera .	who gives hand gestures to the camera and swims to the surface when another man grabs his gear and he speaks to the camera ?	man
18025	In between clips are shown of the men boxing .	what are in between shown of the men boxing ?	clips
18028	One woman falls in the water and many more climb across the monkey bars .	who falls in the water and many more climb across the monkey bars ?	woman
18028	One woman falls in the water and many more climb across the monkey bars .	how many woman falls in the water and many more climb across the monkey bars ?	one
18029	A camera pans around a snowy area and leads into a man holding an accordion and beginning to play .	what pans around the snowy area and leads into a man holding an accordion and beginning to play ?	camera
18030	The man continues to play the instrument while the camera shows off more scenery of snowy areas and the man continuing to play .	who continues to play the instrument while the camera shows off more scenery of snowy areas and the man continuing to play ?	man
18035	The fire grows and the cameraman backs up to show the rocks surrounding the fire .	who does the fire grow and backs up to show the rocks surrounding the fire ?	cameraman
18036	Two men are sitting in a room with four congos in front of them playing .	how many men are sitting in the room with four congos in front of them playing ?	two
18036	Two men are sitting in a room with four congos in front of them playing .	where are two men sitting . ?	room
18039	Two people are seen sitting on dirt bikes speaking to the camera with one shoveling dirt and the other riding along .	how many people are seen sitting on dirt bikes speaking to the camera with one shoveling dirt and the other riding along ?	two
18042	A man comes over and begins to build the sand castle with her .	who comes over and begins to build the sand castle with her ?	man
18044	A woman in a jacket is washing clothes in a sink .	where is the woman in a jacket washing clothes . ?	sink
18045	She pours water into a blue bowl .	what is the color of the bowl ?	blue
18046	She puts clothes into the buckets of water that are in the sink .	what does she put into the buckets of water that are in the sink ?	clothes
18047	A white washing machine that is unplugged is shown .	what is the color of the machine ?	white
18048	The woman continues to wash the clothes in the sink .	who continues to wash the clothes in the sink ?	woman
18048	The woman continues to wash the clothes in the sink .	where does the woman continue to wash the clothes . ?	sink
18050	She dips a pot into the bucket and dumps the water into the sink .	what did she dip into the bucket and dumps the water into the sink ?	pot
18051	A bull runs around a pen and tries to hit the clown with their horns .	what runs around the pen and tries to hit the clown with their horns ?	bull
18052	A guy jumps over a fence to get away from the bull .	who jumps over the fence to get away from the bull ?	guy
18053	A clown is hiding behind a red barrel .	who is hiding behind the red barrel ?	clown
18053	A clown is hiding behind a red barrel .	what is the clown hiding behind ?	barrel
18053	A clown is hiding behind a red barrel .	what is the color of the barrel ?	red
18054	The man falls onto the ground being chased by the bull .	who falls onto the ground being chased by the bull ?	man
18057	We see a title on a dark gray screen , We see a boat on a lake from different angles .	what is the color of the screen ?	gray
18062	A girl grabs something form a cabinet then jumps in the water .	what form the cabinet then jumps in the water ?	grabs
18065	A woman is behind a bar , showing off bottles of alcohol .	who is behind the bar , showing off bottles of alcohol ?	woman
18066	She mixes the ingredients together , then shakes them up before pouring into a glass filled with ice .	what does she mix together , then shakes them up before pouring into a glass filled with ice ?	ingredients
18067	Three men sit together on a couch .	how many men sit together on the couch ?	three
18068	A man gets up and walks into a barber shop .	who gets up and walks into the barber shop ?	man
18070	He is sleeping in the chair .	where is he sleeping . ?	chair
18071	He wakes up and looks in a mirror .	where does he look . ?	mirror
18073	The man pulls a gun and points it at the other man .	who pulls the gun and points it at the other man ?	man
18073	The man pulls a gun and points it at the other man .	what does the man pull ?	gun
18074	He runs into another mans arms and they walk out the door .	what does he run into another mans arms and they walk out ?	door
18076	Then it shows a woman shaving a dog .	who does then it show shaving a dog ?	woman
18076	Then it shows a woman shaving a dog .	then it shows a woman shaving what ?	dog
18078	A girl in a black shirt is sitting down talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
18079	The woman knitting talks back to the girl .	who is knitting talks back to the girl ?	woman
18080	A lady holds a toothbrush as a child sits on a counter .	who holds the toothbrush as a child sits on a counter ?	lady
18080	A lady holds a toothbrush as a child sits on a counter .	what does the lady hold ?	toothbrush
18081	The lady brushes the boys teeth .	who brushes the boys teeth ?	lady
18081	The lady brushes the boys teeth .	who does the lady brush ?	teeth
18082	She finishes and the little boy smiles .	who does she finish and smiles ?	boy
18083	the lady backs away and the child puts a pacifier in his mouth .	who backs away and the child puts a pacifier in his mouth ?	lady
18083	the lady backs away and the child puts a pacifier in his mouth .	who does the lady back away and puts a pacifier in his mouth ?	child
18084	A woman is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	woman
18087	A group is playing volleyball in a swimmming pool .	where is the group playing volleyball . ?	pool
18088	They bounce the ball back and forth over the net as a golden retriever joins it , hitting the ball with his nose .	what do they bounce back ?	ball
18089	A boy plays the drums on front people .	who plays the drums on front people ?	boy
18090	A man sings holding a microphone next to the drummer .	who sings holding the microphone next to the drummer ?	man
18092	A boy is seen speaking to the camera holding two basketballs and leads into him holding them up to his face .	who is seen speaking to the camera holding two basketballs and leads into him holding them up to his face ?	boy
18093	The boy then moves up and down the court while dribbling the balls and shoots a basket off in the end .	who then moves up and down the court while dribbling the balls and shoots a basket off in the end ?	boy
18093	The boy then moves up and down the court while dribbling the balls and shoots a basket off in the end .	what does the boy shoot off in the end ?	basket
18094	A picture of a young lady 's bun is shown and then the lady then appears .	who is the picture of a young lady 's bun shown and then then appears ?	lady
18098	A woman gets her hair cut very short in a kitchen by a woman with a pair of scissors .	who gets her hair cut very short in a kitchen by a woman with a pair of scissors ?	woman
18098	A woman gets her hair cut very short in a kitchen by a woman with a pair of scissors .	where does the woman get her hair cut very short by a woman with a pair of scissors . ?	kitchen
18099	The camera pans to a close up of the woman in the kitchen chair who has had most of her hair cut off and now how a very short haircut .	what pans to the close up of the woman in the kitchen chair who has had most of her hair cut off and now how a very short haircut ?	camera
18100	The camera cuts again to the man who first appears in the film and a shot of a digital clock displaying the time .	what cuts again to the man who first appears in the film and a shot of a digital clock displaying the time ?	camera
18101	A young woman is seen kneeling in a tub with clothes all around her .	who is seen kneeling in the tub with clothes all around her ?	woman
18103	She holds up the clothes and continues to wash them as well as a man stepping into frame to help .	what does she hold up ?	clothes
18107	A camera pans around a room with a freshly painted wall and a man painting the wall on a stool is seen .	what pans around the room with a freshly painted wall and a man painting the wall on a stool is seen ?	camera
18107	A camera pans around a room with a freshly painted wall and a man painting the wall on a stool is seen .	who does the camera pan around a room with a freshly painted wall and painting the wall on a stool is seen ?	man
18108	The camera pans over the skylight and finishes by looking behind the area .	what pans over the skylight and finishes by looking behind the area ?	camera
18111	The person flips the eggs .	what does the person flip ?	eggs
18113	The person flips the eggs with a spatula .	what does the person flip with a spatula ?	eggs
18114	The eggs are poured into a plate and salt and pepper are added .	what are poured into the plate and salt and pepper are added ?	eggs
18116	A dog urinates consistently , without stopping , and while walking on its forelegs only , down and around a paved sidewalk all while a person is walking them on a yellow leash .	what urinates consistently , without stopping , and while walking on its forelegs only , down and around a paved sidewalk all while a person is walking them on a yellow leash ?	dog
18116	A dog urinates consistently , without stopping , and while walking on its forelegs only , down and around a paved sidewalk all while a person is walking them on a yellow leash .	what is the color of the leash ?	yellow
18117	The dog begins urinating while walking on its forelegs only with the yellow leash following behind as an unseen person walks the dog from the background .	what begins urinating while walking on its forelegs only with the yellow leash following behind as an unseen person walks the dog from the background ?	dog
18117	The dog begins urinating while walking on its forelegs only with the yellow leash following behind as an unseen person walks the dog from the background .	what is the color of the leash ?	yellow
18118	The dog continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using three legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs .	what continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using three legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs ?	dog
18118	The dog continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using three legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs .	the dog continues , past what and grass , and finally starts using three legs ?	sidewalk
18118	The dog continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using three legs , stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs .	the dog continues to urinate in this way , past more sidewalk and grass , and finally starts using how many legs ?	three
18119	A man secures a seated woman in a bungee harness while others stand by .	who secures the seated woman in a bungee harness while others stand by ?	man
18119	A man secures a seated woman in a bungee harness while others stand by .	who does the man secure in a bungee harness ?	woman
18119	A man secures a seated woman in a bungee harness while others stand by .	where does the man secure a seated woman while others stand by . ?	harness
18120	The woman talks to the camera in a close up view .	who talks to the camera in a close up view ?	woman
18122	The man finishes with the equipment .	who finishes with the equipment ?	man
18123	The woman carefully walks out to the jumping platform while one of the men stands behind her and an audience watches .	who carefully walks out to the jumping platform while one of the men stands behind her and an audience watches ?	woman
18124	The woman bungees off the platform .	who bungees off the platform ?	woman
18124	The woman bungees off the platform .	what does the woman bungees off ?	platform
18127	The man leaves and goes to a graffiti covered garage and turns on a boombox .	who leaves and goes to the graffiti covered garage and turns on a boombox ?	man
18128	The man break dances then sees there is a man across the room .	who then sees there is a man across the room ?	dances
18131	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
18132	A woman is seen holding ingredients in their hands while speaking to the camera and boiling water .	who is seen holding ingredients in their hands while speaking to the camera and boiling water ?	woman
18133	She fries nuts on a pan and pours them on a plate while mixing more ingredients into a pan and pouring it over the nuts .	what did she fry on a pan ?	nuts
18136	a lot of people wearing red uniforms are walking and sitting around the court .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	red
18139	The man spins the woman in the air in front of him .	who spins the woman in the air in front of him ?	man
18140	The man dips the lady and she kicks her feet in the air .	who dips the lady and she kicks her feet in the air ?	man
18140	The man dips the lady and she kicks her feet in the air .	who does the man dip and she kicks her feet in the air ?	lady
18142	Two girls are seen holding a pose in the middle of a large gymnasium while others watch around them .	who are seen holding the pose in the middle of a large gymnasium while others watch around them ?	girls
18142	Two girls are seen holding a pose in the middle of a large gymnasium while others watch around them .	how many girls are seen holding the pose in the middle of a large gymnasium while others watch around them ?	two
18143	The girls begin performing a dance routine while using batons .	who begin performing the dance routine while using batons ?	girls
18144	The girls continue to dance around and end by holding a pose .	who continue to dance around and end by holding the pose ?	girls
18145	A woman is walking on the beach carrying a surfboard .	who is walking on the beach carrying a surfboard ?	woman
18147	A woman is washing in a sink and shows a little bottle .	who is washing in the sink and shows a little bottle ?	woman
18147	A woman is washing in a sink and shows a little bottle .	what does the woman show ?	bottle
18147	A woman is washing in a sink and shows a little bottle .	where is the woman washing . ?	sink
18148	Then , the woman add several potatoes in a steaming pot .	who do then , add several potatoes in a steaming pot ?	woman
18148	Then , the woman add several potatoes in a steaming pot .	where do then , the woman add several potatoes . ?	pot
18149	After , the woman put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily .	after , who put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily ?	woman
18149	After , the woman put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily .	what did after , the woman put in a bowl ?	potatoes
18149	After , the woman put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily .	what do after , the woman peel easily ?	potatoes
18149	After , the woman put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily .	where did after , the woman put the potatoes . ?	bowl
18151	There is a man using a hedging and trimming equipment trimming the bushes .	who is there using a hedging and trimming equipment trimming the bushes ?	man
18151	There is a man using a hedging and trimming equipment trimming the bushes .	there is a man using what and trimming equipment trimming the bushes ?	hedging
18151	There is a man using a hedging and trimming equipment trimming the bushes .	there is a man using a hedging and trimming what ?	equipment
18152	Another man is giving instructions on lawn and garden care .	who is giving instructions on lawn and garden care ?	man
18153	The man climbs up a tall ladder to trim the trees and bushes several times .	who climbs up the tall ladder to trim the trees and bushes several times ?	man
18153	The man climbs up a tall ladder to trim the trees and bushes several times .	what does the man climb up ?	ladder
18155	The instructor continues talking about the gardening process , The man trims the hedges that form a barrier near a house .	who continues talking about the gardening process , the man trims the hedges that form a barrier near a house ?	instructor
18156	The instructor explains the process again to the viewers .	who explains the process again to the viewers ?	instructor
18159	They are all riding bumper cars around a track .	what are they all riding around a track ?	cars
18161	A lady discusses while standing in a kitchen adjacent to a sink .	who discusses while standing in the kitchen adjacent to a sink ?	lady
18162	The lady is holding a sponge while the sink water is running .	who is holding the sponge while the sink water is running ?	lady
18163	The lady is soaking dishes in soapy water .	who is soaking dishes in soapy water ?	lady
18164	A woman in a white dress belly dances outside near columns and trees .	what is the color of the belly ?	white
18165	The woman shakes her hips as she dances .	who shakes her hips as she dances ?	woman
18167	A man uses a mallet to chip ice off of a car while it is snowing outside and a man videos him from behind .	who uses the mallet to chip ice off of a car while it is snowing outside and a man videos him from behind ?	man
18167	A man uses a mallet to chip ice off of a car while it is snowing outside and a man videos him from behind .	what does the man use to chip ice off of a car and a man videos him from behind ?	mallet
18167	A man uses a mallet to chip ice off of a car while it is snowing outside and a man videos him from behind .	who does the man use a mallet to chip ice off of a car and videos him from behind ?	man
18168	A man in a black winter coat and gloves uses a mallet to chip ice off of an ice covered car in the snow .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
18169	The man then takes his car keys and tries to open the trunk which is frozen and requires tugging to open .	who then takes his car keys and tries to open the trunk which is frozen and requires tugging to open ?	man
18170	The man continues to slam at the ice on the car with the mallet as the ice chips off in chunks .	who continues to slam at the ice on the car with the mallet as the ice chips off in chunks ?	man
18171	A man in dress shirt taps his cloth on the spout of a glass container to get it damp .	what did the man in dress shirt tap on the spout of a glass container ?	cloth
18172	The man uses his cloth wrapped around his index and middle finer to polish a shoe .	who uses his cloth wrapped around his index and middle finer to polish a shoe ?	man
18173	The man rubs his cloth in a shoe polish tin for more of the substance .	who rubs his cloth in a shoe polish tin for more of the substance ?	man
18173	The man rubs his cloth in a shoe polish tin for more of the substance .	what did the man rub in a shoe polish tin for more of the substance ?	cloth
18174	The man continues to polish the show around the toe of the shoe .	who continues to polish the show around the toe of the shoe ?	man
18175	The man again rubs his cloth in the tin for more polish .	who again rubs his cloth in the tin for more polish ?	man
18175	The man again rubs his cloth in the tin for more polish .	what did the man again rub in the tin for more polish ?	cloth
18176	The man continues to polish the show around the toe of the shoe near the toe in a circular motion .	who continues to polish the show around the toe of the shoe near the toe in a circular motion ?	man
18177	Two girls are acting silly and throwing signs at a camera .	who are acting silly and throwing signs at a camera ?	girls
18177	Two girls are acting silly and throwing signs at a camera .	how many girls are acting silly and throwing signs at a camera ?	two
18180	A man is standing inside a kitchen in front of ingredients and tools for cooking .	who is standing inside the kitchen in front of ingredients and tools for cooking ?	man
18183	Then he shreds a carrot , and moves the salad into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing .	what does then he shred ?	carrot
18183	Then he shreds a carrot , and moves the salad into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing .	what does then he move into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing ?	salad
18184	A black screen appears with white words that read `` GoPro Hero3 + Black Making everyday tasks fun ` Mowing The Lawn ' Resolution : 1080p superwide .	what appears with white words that read `` gopro hero3 + black making everyday tasks fun ` mowing the lawn ' resolution : 1080p superwide ?	screen
18184	A black screen appears with white words that read `` GoPro Hero3 + Black Making everyday tasks fun ` Mowing The Lawn ' Resolution : 1080p superwide .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
18184	A black screen appears with white words that read `` GoPro Hero3 + Black Making everyday tasks fun ` Mowing The Lawn ' Resolution : 1080p superwide .	what is the color of the words ?	white
18186	The view change to the view of the lawn mower and the mower is moving along a yard filled with green grass .	what is the color of the grass ?	green
18189	A woman speaks to the camera while more shots are shown of people riding .	who speaks to the camera while more shots are shown of people riding ?	woman
18190	A woman leads the class as well as speaks to the camera and others riding around .	who leads the class as well as speaks to the camera and others riding around ?	woman
18191	A hand is showing a curved blade knife , and then he showed an ice pick with white paper at the end of it .	what is the hand showing , and then he showed an ice pick with white paper at the end of it ?	knife
18191	A hand is showing a curved blade knife , and then he showed an ice pick with white paper at the end of it .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
18192	The man threw the blade on the plywood , then he threw the ice pick .	who threw the blade on the plywood , then he threw the ice pick ?	man
18192	The man threw the blade on the plywood , then he threw the ice pick .	what did the man throw on the plywood , then he threw the ice pick ?	blade
18193	An indoor barn is shown and a man is sitting on a horse .	what is shown and the man is sitting on a horse ?	barn
18193	An indoor barn is shown and a man is sitting on a horse .	who is an indoor barn shown and is sitting on a horse ?	man
18194	The gates open and the man flies out with is lasso chasing after a black and white calf .	who open and the man flies out with is lasso chasing after a black and white calf ?	gates
18194	The gates open and the man flies out with is lasso chasing after a black and white calf .	who do the gates open and flies out with is lasso chasing after a black and white calf ?	man
18195	The man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse .	who throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse ?	man
18195	The man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse .	what does the man throw ?	rope
18195	The man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse .	what does the man catch ?	calf
18195	The man throws the rope and catches the calf , gets off , ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse .	what does the man tie up ?	cow
18198	A young man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him trying to solve a rubix cube .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him trying to solve a rubix cube ?	man
18199	The boy then solves the cube and pans the camera back to show his time .	who then solves the cube and pans the camera back to show his time ?	boy
18200	A man is standing in a shed behind a crafts table talking to the camera .	who is standing in the shed behind a crafts table talking to the camera ?	man
18202	The two of them begin polishing a pair of boots together with a white cloth and a green brush .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
18202	The two of them begin polishing a pair of boots together with a white cloth and a green brush .	what is the color of the brush ?	green
18203	As they finish , the man in the green shirt is given a patch and a screen of tips come on the screen for properly caring for your boots .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
18209	A girl in a dress is crossing monkey bars .	what is the girl in a dress crossing ?	bars
18211	A boy in a blue shirt stands behind her .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
18212	A man stands on front a sink .	who stands on front a sink ?	man
18213	Then , the man puts soap on a cloth .	who does then , put soap on a cloth ?	man
18214	After , the man wash the pot outside and inside .	who do after , wash the pot outside and inside ?	man
18214	After , the man wash the pot outside and inside .	what do after , the man wash outside and inside ?	pot
18215	Next , the man turns and dry his hands .	next , who turns and dry his hands ?	man
18216	A man lifts up a large pitcher of beer and starts drinking it .	who lifts up the large pitcher of beer and starts drinking it ?	man
18218	The man puts his hands in the air and laughs .	who puts his hands in the air and laughs ?	man
18220	The man claps his hands .	who claps his hands ?	man
18221	A man stands in a rustic living room and plays a bagpipe in his socks .	who stands in the rustic living room and plays a bagpipe in his socks ?	man
18221	A man stands in a rustic living room and plays a bagpipe in his socks .	where does the man stand . ?	room
18222	We see a man tapping his foot as he plays .	who do we see tapping his foot as he plays ?	man
18223	The man switches to his other foot tapping .	who switches to his other foot tapping ?	man
18224	the man finishes playing and wipes his face .	who finishes playing and wipes his face ?	man
18226	The camera pans around the bus to show more people sitting and speaking .	what pans around the bus to show more people sitting and speaking ?	camera
18227	A woman is seen speaking to a man next to her while he knits .	who is seen speaking to the man next to her while he knits ?	woman
18229	Guys are break dancing on a stage in front of an audience .	who are break dancing on a stage in front of an audience ?	guys
18230	A guy breaks dance right off the stage and exits .	who breaks dance right off the stage and exits ?	guy
18233	Each girl dances on the ledge gracefully .	who dances on the ledge gracefully ?	girl
18234	The screen fades away to black .	what fades away to black ?	screen
18234	The screen fades away to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
18236	The leader puts her hand in the air .	who puts her hand in the air ?	leader
18241	Two people are on a boat getting ready to dive into the ocean .	how many people are on the boat getting ready to dive into the ocean ?	two
18243	They find a cockpit that they begin to observe and look around also running into a jelly fish .	what do they find ?	cockpit
18245	A girl in an orange shirt takes a drink of mouth wash .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
18247	There 's a lady doing a tutorial on how to wash hands in her kitchen .	who does there 's doing a tutorial on how to wash hands in her kitchen ?	lady
18254	Three people are seen walking out onto a large gymnasium floor and lead into the three performing a jump roping routine .	how many people are seen walking out onto the large gymnasium floor and lead into the three performing a jump roping routine ?	three
18257	Then we see several other boys as they trip and fall .	who do then we see ?	boys
18259	Group play the bongos while a young woman dances .	what do group play ?	bongos
18261	The drummer gives the camera a thumbs up gesture .	who gives the camera a thumbs up gesture ?	drummer
18264	The dancer poses with 2 other women .	who poses with 2 other women ?	dancer
18265	A health professional washers her hands with soap in a sink .	who washers her hands with soap in a sink ?	professional
18266	The woman scrubs between the fingers thoroughly .	who scrubs between the fingers thoroughly ?	woman
18268	The woman throws the paper towel in a designated waste bin .	who throws the paper towel in a designated waste bin ?	woman
18268	The woman throws the paper towel in a designated waste bin .	where does the woman throw the paper towel . ?	bin
18269	The medical professional shuts off the water faucet using her elbow and also the paper towel .	who shuts off the water faucet using her elbow and also the paper towel ?	professional
18269	The medical professional shuts off the water faucet using her elbow and also the paper towel .	what does the medical professional shut off using her elbow and also the paper towel ?	faucet
18270	A man is seen assembling a tire on a lift and taking the rubber off using a machine .	who is seen assembling the tire on a lift and taking the rubber off using a machine ?	man
18272	A man is kneeling down on a blue mat .	who is kneeling down on the blue mat ?	man
18272	A man is kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
18274	He lowers the bar and starts pulling the rope in the other direction .	what does he lower ?	bar
18275	A large paint ball arena is shown with a group of people standing off to the side .	what is shown with the group of people standing off to the side ?	arena
18278	There is a very tall and steep slide running through some trees in a large open ground .	what is there running through some trees in a large open ground ?	slide
18279	There is a rubber surface running lengthwise at the bottom end of the slide to protect people from getting hurt as they land down .	what is there running lengthwise at the bottom end of the slide to protect people from getting hurt as they land down ?	surface
18280	A young boy wearing black shorts and a shirt comes sliding down in full force .	who is wearing black shorts and a shirt comes sliding down in full force ?	boy
18280	A young boy wearing black shorts and a shirt comes sliding down in full force .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
18284	Three men re waxing skis in a workshop and we see the man at the press conference .	how many men re waxing skis in a workshop ?	three
18284	Three men re waxing skis in a workshop and we see the man at the press conference .	where do three men re waxing skis and we see the man at the press conference . ?	workshop
18285	A man runs behind trailers and two men walk on the snow before we see the press conference again .	who runs behind trailers and two men walk on the snow before we see the press conference again ?	man
18287	The man at the press conference and a men puts a mask on in the workshop and a machine sits in the field .	what does the man at the press conference and a men put on in the workshop and a machine sits in the field ?	mask
18287	The man at the press conference and a men puts a mask on in the workshop and a machine sits in the field .	what does the man at the press conference and a men put a mask on in the workshop and sits in the field ?	machine
18288	Two men pose holding rifles in the snow .	how many men pose holding rifles in the snow ?	two
18289	A man is seen sitting in a chair as well as shots of people riding wake boards and clips of a dock .	who is seen sitting in the chair as well as shots of people riding wake boards and clips of a dock ?	man
18290	The man continues speaking to the camera while more shots of people wake boarding are shown as well as doing flips and tricks .	who continues speaking to the camera while more shots of people wake boarding are shown as well as doing flips and tricks ?	man
18291	We see a lady holding the camera and blow drying her hair .	who do we see holding the camera and blow drying her hair ?	lady
18292	The lady sits the camera on the floor , and continues blow drying her hair .	who sits the camera on the floor , and continues blow drying her hair ?	lady
18292	The lady sits the camera on the floor , and continues blow drying her hair .	what does the lady sit on the floor ?	camera
18293	The lady throws her hair back and picks up the phone .	who throws her hair back and picks up the phone ?	lady
18293	The lady throws her hair back and picks up the phone .	what does the lady pick up ?	phone
18294	We see a sleeping lady in a hospital .	where do we see a sleeping lady . ?	hospital
18296	The camera moves to the top of the ladies head .	what moves to the top of the ladies head ?	camera
18297	The camera then moves to the front of the ladies face .	what then moves to the front of the ladies face ?	camera
18298	A man in shorts is in a gym .	where is the man in shorts . ?	gym
18302	An older man is shown standing on a piece of exercise equipment .	who is shown standing on the piece of exercise equipment ?	man
18305	Then he unscrews the base to level it out to his liking .	what does then he unscrew ?	base
18307	Then he adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place .	what does then he adjust again ?	bars
18308	Two men are in a room with three walls and a set of glass doors behind them hitting a ball back and fourth against the wall with tennis rackets .	how many men are in the room with three walls and a set of glass doors behind them hitting a ball back and fourth against the wall with tennis rackets ?	two
18309	As they continue , one boy falls to the ground and they have to start over .	who does , fall to the ground and they have to start over ?	boy
18309	As they continue , one boy falls to the ground and they have to start over .	how many boy do as they continue , falls to the ground ?	one
18311	The man shows a piece of wood and a sander .	who shows the piece of wood and a sander ?	man
18312	The man wipes a substance from a jug on the wood and the sander and sands the wood .	who wipes the substance from a jug on the wood and the sander and sands the wood ?	man
18313	The man shows us the finished product .	who shows us the finished product ?	man
18315	A gymnast runs up to a high bar and alternates between the high and low bar , performing various gymnastics moves and flips .	who runs up to the high bar and alternates between the high and low bar , performing various gymnastics moves and flips ?	gymnast
18317	Her fellow gymnasts run up to her in excitement .	who run up to her in excitement ?	gymnasts
18318	A man in a blue outfit puts chalk on his hands .	what is the color of the outfit ?	blue
18319	A man in a yellow shirt is watching .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
18320	The man in the blue outfit picks up a large weight and lifts it over his head .	what is the color of the outfit ?	blue
18323	A man holding a shot put stands on a base .	who is holding a shot put stands on a base ?	man
18324	The man turns his back to the camera and prepares to throw .	who turns his back to the camera and prepares to throw ?	man
18325	The man throws the ball and and spins around .	who throws the ball and and spins around ?	man
18326	A man in yellow opens a beer .	what does the man in yellow open ?	beer
18327	A man in gray grabs the beer , adjusts his clothes then sits on the floor holding the beer .	what is the color of the grabs ?	gray
18328	The man puts one arm behind his back and adjusts himself to try and pick the bottle up with his mouth .	who puts one arm behind his back and adjusts himself to try and pick the bottle up with his mouth ?	man
18328	The man puts one arm behind his back and adjusts himself to try and pick the bottle up with his mouth .	how many arm does the man put behind his back ?	one
18329	The man then quickly drinks and puts the bottle down .	who then quickly drinks and puts the bottle down ?	man
18329	The man then quickly drinks and puts the bottle down .	what does the man then quickly put down ?	bottle
18330	We see a countdown clock .	what do we see countdown ?	clock
18331	A man is in a field with Frisbees in his hand and throws it to his black and white husky dog .	who is in the field with frisbees in his hand and throws it to his black and white husky dog ?	man
18332	The two continue to do tricks and the dog jumps on the mans back .	what do the two continue and jumps on the mans back ?	dog
18333	More Frisbee are thrown and the dog catches the Frisbee and the man hugs the dog .	what are thrown and the dog catches the frisbee and the man hugs the dog ?	frisbee
18333	More Frisbee are thrown and the dog catches the Frisbee and the man hugs the dog .	what are more frisbee thrown and catches the frisbee and the man hugs the dog ?	dog
18334	A little boy picks up a bowling ball .	who picks up the bowling ball ?	boy
18334	A little boy picks up a bowling ball .	what does the little boy pick up bowling ?	ball
18337	A man in plaid shirt hit the ball with stick , the ball scattered on the table .	what did the man in plaid shirt hit with stick , the ball scattered on the table ?	ball
18338	The man in gray sweater continue to play the billiard , making the balls shoot in the holes .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
18339	A hand is pushing a grass blower machine .	what is the hand pushing ?	machine
18340	The machine spit out dry leaves from a black pole .	what spit out dry leaves from a black pole ?	machine
18340	The machine spit out dry leaves from a black pole .	what is the color of the pole ?	black
18341	The machine turned in a curve towards the house .	what turned in the curve towards the house ?	machine
18342	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and then takes her ring off to run her hands under some water .	who is seen speaking to the camera and then takes her ring off to run her hands under some water ?	woman
18350	A man goes under the water slowly .	who goes under the water slowly ?	man
18352	One person hits it to the other and they hit the ball game .	what does one person hit it to the other and they hit ?	game
18352	One person hits it to the other and they hit the ball game .	how many person hits it to the other ?	one
18354	A man is seen playing with her hair in front of the camera and leads into her brushing her hair .	who is seen playing with her hair in front of the camera and leads into her brushing her hair ?	man
18356	Then takes her hair down and runs lotion through her hair while still looking to the camera .	what does then run through her hair while still looking to the camera ?	lotion
18361	The front of a yellow kayak is seen as the boat floats through turbulent white waters of a river .	what is the color of the kayak ?	yellow
18361	The front of a yellow kayak is seen as the boat floats through turbulent white waters of a river .	what is the color of the waters ?	white
18363	A woman is seen standing behind another woman sitting in a chair and begins styling her hair .	who is seen standing behind another woman sitting in a chair and begins styling her hair ?	woman
18365	The woman shows off her finished hair do while looking and smiling to the camera .	who shows off her finished hair do while looking and smiling to the camera ?	woman
18366	A man is inside a room in a house .	who is inside the room in a house ?	man
18366	A man is inside a room in a house .	where is the man inside a room . ?	house
18367	He is using a racquet to hit a tennis ball back and forth against a wall .	what is he using ?	racquet
18369	A couple of lemons are seen sitting on a table with glasses and plates and leads into a person putting the lemons in a container .	where does the couple of lemons lead into a person putting the lemons . ?	container
18370	He mixes ingredients with the lemons and shakes them up in another glass .	what does he mix with the lemons ?	ingredients
18371	He finishes the lemonade and presents it to the camera while also taking a sip .	what does he finish ?	lemonade
18373	The camera pans into scenes of men stretching and watching followed by one running down the long jump and cheering to the crowd .	what pans into scenes of men stretching and watching followed by one running down the long jump and cheering to the crowd ?	camera
18375	A toddler wash a dog in a bathtub pouring water with the shower hose .	who wash the dog in a bathtub pouring water with the shower hose ?	toddler
18376	The toddler rise the tail of the horse and wash the butt .	who rise the tail of the horse and wash the butt ?	toddler
18376	The toddler rise the tail of the horse and wash the butt .	what do the toddler wash ?	butt
18377	After , the toddler , grab a brush and scrub and wash the dog .	what do after , the toddler , wash ?	dog
18378	The screen shows company sponsors for a winter club event .	what shows company sponsors for a winter club event ?	screen
18379	A blue convertible drives past the North shore Winter Club .	what drives past the north shore winter club ?	convertible
18379	A blue convertible drives past the North shore Winter Club .	what is the color of the convertible ?	blue
18382	The coach representing the Brasil team , wearing a green jersey is giving instructions to the players .	who is representing the brasil team , wearing a green jersey is giving instructions to the players ?	coach
18382	The coach representing the Brasil team , wearing a green jersey is giving instructions to the players .	what is the color of the jersey ?	green
18383	The coach talks to the players while they prepare themselves .	who talks to the players while they prepare themselves ?	coach
18388	there are two dogs now that are jumping the air catching freebies while doing tricks .	what are there now ?	dogs
18388	there are two dogs now that are jumping the air catching freebies while doing tricks .	how many dogs are there now that are jumping the air catching freebies while doing tricks ?	two
18389	Now there is one lady with one dog doing tricks and the dog catches the freebie as the lady toss it in the air .	what is now there one lady with one dog doing tricks and catches the freebie as the lady toss it in the air ?	dog
18389	Now there is one lady with one dog doing tricks and the dog catches the freebie as the lady toss it in the air .	how many lady is now there with one dog doing tricks ?	one
18390	A woman is using a pink brush to brush her teeth .	who is using the pink brush to brush her teeth ?	woman
18400	She spits out some toothpaste .	what does she spit out ?	toothpaste
18401	Some of the toothpaste falls on her chin making it look like a white beard .	what is the color of the beard ?	white
18406	A logo appears then the word fencing .	what does the logo appear then ?	fencing
18411	Two kids are on the rocks together and they catch a dragonfly .	who are on the rocks together and they catch a dragonfly ?	kids
18411	Two kids are on the rocks together and they catch a dragonfly .	what are two kids on the rocks together and they catch ?	dragonfly
18411	Two kids are on the rocks together and they catch a dragonfly .	how many kids are on the rocks together ?	two
18413	First the man pushes a tire and he steps inside of it .	who does first push the tire and he steps inside of it ?	man
18413	First the man pushes a tire and he steps inside of it .	what does first the man push and he steps inside of it ?	tire
18415	A man is seen speaking to the camera that leads into a person playing crochet .	who is seen speaking to the camera that leads into a person playing crochet ?	man
18418	A woman is seen kneeling down on the floor speaking to the camera while a dog lays next to her .	who is seen kneeling down on the floor speaking to the camera while a dog lays next to her ?	woman
18419	The woman is then seen running soap and water all over a dog in the sink and ending by cleaning him off and watching him run around and be excited .	who is then seen running soap and water all over a dog in the sink and ending by cleaning him off and watching him run around and be excited ?	woman
18420	A man is shown working in an outdoor garden .	who is shown working in an outdoor garden ?	man
18420	A man is shown working in an outdoor garden .	where is the man shown working . ?	garden
18421	He is using tools as he works .	what is he using ?	tools
18424	the man drinks from the drink and puts it down .	who drinks from the drink and puts it down ?	man
18425	the man plays the drums with his hands .	who plays the drums with his hands ?	man
18425	the man plays the drums with his hands .	what does the man play with his hands ?	drums
18426	The man stops and talks before playing the drums again .	who stops and talks before playing the drums again ?	man
18427	The man stands on the drums and dances .	who stands on the drums and dances ?	man
18428	We see two men sitting and the first man is clapping his hands .	who do we see two men sitting and is clapping his hands ?	man
18428	We see two men sitting and the first man is clapping his hands .	how many men do we see sitting ?	two
18429	We see the man playing the maracas as a lady dances nearby the man stops and the lady turns away .	who do we see playing the maracas as a lady dances nearby the man stops and the lady turns away ?	man
18429	We see the man playing the maracas as a lady dances nearby the man stops and the lady turns away .	we see the man playing what ?	maracas
18430	The man is showing how he plays the guitar .	who is showing how he plays the guitar ?	man
18435	A woman leans over a boy , dabbing his face with a substance .	who leans over the boy , dabbing his face with a substance ?	woman
18438	A man wearing a purple sweater is demonstrating how to use garden shears .	who is wearing a purple sweater is demonstrating how to use garden shears ?	man
18438	A man wearing a purple sweater is demonstrating how to use garden shears .	the man wearing what is demonstrating how to use garden shears ?	sweater
18438	A man wearing a purple sweater is demonstrating how to use garden shears .	what is the color of the sweater ?	purple
18444	A man is seen standing before a large fence holding a spray hose in his hand .	who is seen standing before the large fence holding a spray hose in his hand ?	man
18445	The man sprays paint all along the wall while the camera captures his movements .	who paint all along the wall while the camera captures his movements ?	sprays
18446	The man continues to spray the wall while the camera follows him from behind .	who continues to spray the wall while the camera follows him from behind ?	man
18447	A girl in a white dress is hitting a pinata with a bat .	what is the girl in a white dress hitting with a bat ?	pinata
18447	A girl in a white dress is hitting a pinata with a bat .	what is the color of the dress ?	white
18448	A man is standing behind her watching .	who is standing behind her watching ?	man
18449	Two girls are standing by the house watching .	who are standing by the house watching ?	girls
18449	Two girls are standing by the house watching .	how many girls are standing by the house watching ?	two
18453	Two men are shown standing in a recording studio playing instruments .	how many men are shown standing in the recording studio playing instruments ?	two
18454	One is playing the guitar while the other plays the flute together .	what is one playing ?	guitar
18456	A man is buffing the floor with a blue buffer .	who is buffing the floor with a blue buffer ?	man
18456	A man is buffing the floor with a blue buffer .	what is the man buffing with a blue buffer ?	floor
18456	A man is buffing the floor with a blue buffer .	what is the color of the buffer ?	blue
18457	Another man stands next to him watching .	who stands next to him watching ?	man
18459	Two men are seen sitting in a canoe in low motion and then tips the canoe a bit with a paddle .	how many men are seen sitting in the canoe in low motion and then tips the canoe a bit with a paddle ?	two
18461	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
18463	We see another title screen and watch the kids slide down slide and across their slip and slide .	what do we see ?	screen
18463	We see another title screen and watch the kids slide down slide and across their slip and slide .	what do we watch down slide and across their slip and slide ?	slide
18464	A kid slides down the slide on a raft .	who slides down the slide on a raft ?	kid
18465	two guys beginning a arm wrestling match , the guy in the back shirt wins the first match .	how many guys beginning a arm wrestling match , the guy in the back shirt wins the first match ?	two
18471	The men riding the horses are playing polo in the field .	the men riding what are playing polo in the field ?	horses
18472	The men are chasing the ball and hitting with mallet .	what are the men chasing and hitting with mallet ?	ball
18473	A player hit the ball and then ran after it , behind him are other players .	what did the player hit , behind him are other players ?	ball
18474	There is a woman eating ice cream from a tub and talking to the camera man .	who is there eating ice cream from a tub and talking to the camera man ?	woman
18476	The camera person sits down to continue talking to the woman .	what sits down to continue talking to the woman ?	person
18478	She puts the rest of the ice cream in the freezer and rinses the spoon .	what does she rinse ?	spoon
18478	She puts the rest of the ice cream in the freezer and rinses the spoon .	where does she put the rest of the ice cream . ?	freezer
18479	We see a blue opening screen with a drink .	what do we see with a drink ?	screen
18479	We see a blue opening screen with a drink .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
18481	The lady add ice and three shots liquor to a glass .	who add ice and three shots liquor to a glass ?	lady
18482	The lady pours something red in the glass .	who pours something red in the glass ?	lady
18483	The lady adds something form the dispenser and a can .	who adds something form the dispenser and a can ?	lady
18484	The lady stirs then pushes the drink forward .	who stirs then pushes the drink forward ?	lady
18484	The lady stirs then pushes the drink forward .	what does the lady stir then pushes forward ?	drink
18485	We see a red closing screen and a long black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	red
18485	We see a red closing screen and a long black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
18488	A dog who is missing his front legs is walking across a lawn .	what is walking across a lawn ?	dog
18489	He is following the camera man , then breaks into a hopping run .	who is he following , then breaks into a hopping run ?	man
18492	The shot pans out to show several kayaks , and the man stuck on a small waterfall .	who does the shot pan out , and stuck on a small waterfall ?	man
18494	A dog sniffs the feet of a man and a woman .	what sniffs the feet of a man and a woman ?	dog
18497	A girl is seen smiling and waving to the camera followed by her holding up a contact lens and cleanser .	who is seen smiling and waving to the camera followed by her holding up a contact lens and cleanser ?	girl
18500	There are two men indoors and playing racquetball in an indoor court as they quickly hit the ball against the wall and take turns .	how many men are there indoors and playing racquetball in an indoor court as they quickly hit the ball against the wall and take turns ?	two
18501	One of the men wearing a green shirt looks angrily at the camera and throws the racquet at the camera .	what are one of the men wearing a green shirt looks angrily at the camera and throws at the camera ?	racquet
18501	One of the men wearing a green shirt looks angrily at the camera and throws the racquet at the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
18502	The camera person turns the camera to himself and he is running and laughing while looking in the camera .	what turns the camera to himself and he is running and laughing while looking in the camera ?	person
18502	The camera person turns the camera to himself and he is running and laughing while looking in the camera .	what does the camera person turn to himself and he is running and laughing while looking in the camera ?	camera
18502	The camera person turns the camera to himself and he is running and laughing while looking in the camera .	where does the camera person turn the camera to himself and he is running and laughing while looking . ?	camera
18503	Various ingredients are laid out on a counter and are all mixed together in a bowl .	what are laid out on the counter and are all mixed together in a bowl ?	ingredients
18503	Various ingredients are laid out on a counter and are all mixed together in a bowl .	where are various ingredients all mixed together . ?	bowl
18506	A man is seen speaking to the camera while a shot of a person playing basketball shows behind .	who is seen speaking to the camera while a shot of a person playing basketball shows behind ?	man
18507	The man continues speaking as more shots are shown of the boy playing basketball .	who continues speaking as more shots are shown of the boy playing basketball ?	man
18508	The man continues speaking and ends with text across the screen .	who continues speaking and ends with text across the screen ?	man
18509	A professional swimmer wipes his eyes before engaging in the competition .	who wipes his eyes before engaging in the competition ?	swimmer
18510	He takes off , swimming as he tries to beat the two competitors on either side of him .	how many competitors does he take off , swimming as he tries to beat on either side of him ?	two
18511	A gymnast gets ready and stretches out before an event .	who gets ready and stretches out before an event ?	gymnast
18514	Other gymnast look on and nod with approval .	who look on and nod with approval ?	gymnast
18516	The gymnast sits with her coach and is congratulated .	who sits with her coach and is congratulated ?	gymnast
18520	A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by him laying several ingredients out and boiling them in some water .	who is seen speaking to the camera followed by him laying several ingredients out and boiling them in some water ?	man
18522	A black screen appears with with white words reading , Winter Sedona , AZ. .	what appears with with white words reading , winter sedona , az. ?	screen
18522	A black screen appears with with white words reading , Winter Sedona , AZ. .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
18522	A black screen appears with with white words reading , Winter Sedona , AZ. .	what is the color of the reading ?	white
18523	A man begins walking through a field of trees and shrubs , wearing a yellow hat , cardigan , boots , and a bag .	who begins walking through the field of trees and shrubs , wearing a yellow hat , cardigan , boots , and a bag ?	man
18523	A man begins walking through a field of trees and shrubs , wearing a yellow hat , cardigan , boots , and a bag .	what is the color of the hat ?	yellow
18525	The camera zooms in and he continues playing the recorder and various forms of the surrounding landscape is shown .	what zooms in and he continues playing the recorder and various forms of the surrounding landscape is shown ?	camera
18526	The camera moves in on two cars parked on the street facing one another .	what moves in on two cars parked on the street facing one another ?	camera
18527	A young man is then seen riding a tractor along the lawn to cut the grass and moves all around the camera man .	who is then seen riding the tractor along the lawn to cut the grass and moves all around the camera man ?	man
18528	Five people carrying skateboards are walking towards the light .	five people carrying what are walking towards the light ?	skateboards
18528	Five people carrying skateboards are walking towards the light .	how many people is carrying skateboards are walking towards the light ?	five
18531	A man is holding a wooden case .	who is holding the wooden case ?	man
18532	He puts a towel through the case .	what does he put through the case ?	towel
18534	Two men are outside on the side of a bridge talking to each other as several people are walking by talking to them and shaking their hands .	how many men are outside on the side of a bridge talking to each other as several people are walking by talking to them and shaking their hands ?	two
18535	After , the man that is in the harness grabs on to the shoulders of two men as they help him stand up on top of the bridge .	who does after , grab on to the shoulders of two men as they help him stand up on top of the bridge ?	man
18535	After , the man that is in the harness grabs on to the shoulders of two men as they help him stand up on top of the bridge .	is after , the man where grabs on to the shoulders of two men as they help him stand up on top of the bridge . ?	harness
18536	Finally , the man does a free fall off of the bridge and a orange ball is thrown to him .	who does finally , do the free fall off of the bridge and a orange ball is thrown to him ?	man
18536	Finally , the man does a free fall off of the bridge and a orange ball is thrown to him .	what does finally , the man do a free fall off of the bridge and is thrown to him ?	ball
18536	Finally , the man does a free fall off of the bridge and a orange ball is thrown to him .	what is the color of the ball ?	orange
18537	A gymnast wearing red leotards is performing gymnastics on uneven bars in a large stadium with a several spectators .	who is wearing red leotards is performing gymnastics on uneven bars in a large stadium with a several spectators ?	gymnast
18537	A gymnast wearing red leotards is performing gymnastics on uneven bars in a large stadium with a several spectators .	the gymnast wearing what is performing gymnastics on uneven bars in a large stadium with a several spectators ?	leotards
18537	A gymnast wearing red leotards is performing gymnastics on uneven bars in a large stadium with a several spectators .	what is the color of the leotards ?	red
18539	After she 's done , she gets off the uneven bars and walks off as she gives a high five to her coach .	what does , she get off ?	bars
18540	Two women are seen speaking to the camera with one holding a cat in her lap .	who are seen speaking to the camera with one holding a cat in her lap ?	women
18540	Two women are seen speaking to the camera with one holding a cat in her lap .	how many women are seen speaking to the camera with one holding a cat in her lap ?	two
18541	The woman then proceeds to hold the cat 's claws and cut the nails while pointing to the cat and looking to the camera .	who then proceeds to hold the cat 's claws and cut the nails while pointing to the cat and looking to the camera ?	woman
18542	A woman stands on a diving board .	who stands on the diving board ?	woman
18547	Two people are talking to a camera outside .	how many people are talking to the camera outside ?	two
18548	A ballerina does several twirls on stage .	who does several twirls on stage ?	ballerina
18548	A ballerina does several twirls on stage .	what does the ballerina do on stage ?	twirls
18549	A pumpkin is sitting on a counter .	what is sitting on the counter ?	pumpkin
18550	A knife is carving a face into the pumpkin .	what is carving the face into the pumpkin ?	knife
18551	The lights are turned off and the pumpkin is lit up .	what are the lights turned off and is lit up ?	pumpkin
18553	First the soap is applied then it is scraped away .	what is first applied then it is scraped away ?	soap
18555	A man mounts a pommel horse and starts spinning .	who mounts the pommel horse and starts spinning ?	man
18555	A man mounts a pommel horse and starts spinning .	what does the man mount ?	horse
18557	The main performer dismounts and throws his arms in the air .	who dismounts and throws his arms in the air ?	performer
18559	A man is standing in a room talking .	who is standing in the room talking ?	man
18560	Another man is painting the walls of the room .	who is painting the walls of the room ?	man
18561	The man sets his paint can and his towel down next to him .	who sets his paint can and his towel down next to him ?	man
18562	A man , wearing a kilt and white t-shirt plays the bagpipes while standing outside of a shopping strip parking lot , as cars pass by .	what is the man , wearing plays the bagpipes while standing outside of a shopping strip parking lot , as cars pass by ?	t-shirt
18563	A man stands outside next to a yellow fire hydrant and plays the bagpipes as cars pass .	who stands outside next to the yellow fire hydrant and plays the bagpipes as cars pass ?	man
18563	A man stands outside next to a yellow fire hydrant and plays the bagpipes as cars pass .	what does the man play as cars pass ?	bagpipes
18563	A man stands outside next to a yellow fire hydrant and plays the bagpipes as cars pass .	what is the color of the hydrant ?	yellow
18564	The man moves closer to the cars or the edge of the sidewalk as he plays .	who moves closer to the cars or the edge of the sidewalk as he plays ?	man
18565	The man continues to play bagpipes on the sidewalk until the scene fades to black .	who continues to play bagpipes on the sidewalk until the scene fades to black ?	man
18565	The man continues to play bagpipes on the sidewalk until the scene fades to black .	what is the color of the scene ?	black
18566	One group of adults are in a raft , paddling through the water with big waves .	how many group of adults are in a raft , paddling through the water with big waves ?	one
18566	One group of adults are in a raft , paddling through the water with big waves .	where are one group of adults , paddling through the water with big waves . ?	raft
18567	The group hit each other 's paddle like a high five and then continue to paddle through the river .	what did the group hit like a high five ?	paddle
18569	A woman is combing her hair while looking into the camera .	who is combing her hair while looking into the camera ?	woman
18573	More clips are shown of people speaking to the camera are shown as well as people celebrating and shooting more bows and dancing .	what are shown of people speaking to the camera are shown as well as people celebrating and shooting more bows and dancing ?	clips
18576	The person then pushes the lawn mower all around the house .	what does the person then push all around the house ?	mower
18583	The two men hug at the end .	how many men hug at the end ?	two
18584	Various still shot pictures of different men , different ages , different races and different sizes appear with white text names appearing over each of their faces .	what is the color of the names ?	white
18585	A blue screen then appears and white text words appear and say `` WAIT !! SO WHAT IS WATER POLO ?? '' .	what then appears and white text words appear and say `` wait !! so what is water polo ?? '' ?	screen
18585	A blue screen then appears and white text words appear and say `` WAIT !! SO WHAT IS WATER POLO ?? '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
18585	A blue screen then appears and white text words appear and say `` WAIT !! SO WHAT IS WATER POLO ?? '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
18586	A large man is dancing inside a dark room .	who is dancing inside the dark room ?	man
18589	A young man is washing clothes inside a bathroom sink as he talks to the camera .	who is washing clothes inside a bathroom sink as he talks to the camera ?	man
18591	Afterwards he adds more soap using two different bottles to the sink .	what does afterwards he add ?	soap
18591	Afterwards he adds more soap using two different bottles to the sink .	how many different bottles does afterwards he add more soap using to the sink ?	two
18593	A cat is shown close up with a person 's hand cutting the nails on the cat .	what is shown close up with the person 's hand cutting the nails on the cat ?	cat
18595	A lady stands in a dance studio .	who stands in the dance studio ?	lady
18595	A lady stands in a dance studio .	where does the lady stand . ?	studio
18596	the lady performs a ballet dance .	who performs the ballet dance ?	lady
18597	The lady lifts her leg up behind her and moves it to the front and rests it on her leg .	who lifts her leg up behind her and moves it to the front and rests it on her leg ?	lady
18598	The lady stands in front of the camera facing the mirror .	who stands in front of the camera facing the mirror ?	lady
18606	A lady knees , while a guy walks and instructs .	who knees , while the guy walks and instructs ?	lady
18607	The lady places both hands behind her head .	who places both hands behind her head ?	lady
18608	A lady is brushing her hair .	who is brushing her hair ?	lady
18609	The lady brushes her hair from underneath .	who brushes her hair from underneath ?	lady
18610	115 The lady runs her hand through her hair .	who does 115 run her hand through her hair ?	lady
18611	The lady finishes and sits upright .	who finishes and sits upright ?	lady
18613	A close up of a trumpet shows a man playing .	who does the close up of a trumpet show ?	playing
18615	The camera zooms in on the trumpet player .	what zooms in on the trumpet player ?	camera
18616	A girl is shown playing piano .	who is shown playing piano ?	girl
18619	He is using trimmers to cut and trim large trees .	who is he using ?	trimmers
18621	A man is seen holding a tennis racket and begins hitting a ball around a room .	who is seen holding the tennis racket and begins hitting a ball around a room ?	man
18622	Another man is in frame also holding a tennis racket and hitting a ball around .	who is in frame also holding a tennis racket and hitting a ball around ?	man
18622	Another man is in frame also holding a tennis racket and hitting a ball around .	where is another man also holding a tennis racket and hitting a ball around . ?	frame
18624	Several NHL players are playing a hockey game in a hockey stadium .	where are several nhl players playing a hockey game . ?	stadium
18626	A news caster comes onto the screen to announce a a segment about hockey meltdowns .	who comes onto the screen to announce a a segment about hockey meltdowns ?	caster
18627	The top ten hockey melt downs are then shown .	what are hockey then shown ?	downs
18627	The top ten hockey melt downs are then shown .	how many hockey melt downs are then shown ?	ten
18628	A man trims a large hedge with a pole trimmer .	who trims the large hedge with a pole trimmer ?	man
18628	A man trims a large hedge with a pole trimmer .	what does the man trim with a pole trimmer ?	hedge
18631	The man trims a tree with it .	who trims the tree with it ?	man
18632	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her playing with her hair and pining it up .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her playing with her hair and pining it up ?	woman
18635	a girl is holding a baton her hand .	who is holding the baton her hand ?	girl
18638	The camera shakes on an image of an indoor volleyball court .	what shakes on an image of an indoor volleyball court ?	camera
18639	A woman races back from the net to hit the incoming volleyball .	who back from the net to hit the incoming volleyball ?	races
18640	A fellow team member also hits the ball and sends it across the net .	who also hits the ball and sends it across the net ?	member
18640	A fellow team member also hits the ball and sends it across the net .	what does the fellow team member also hit ?	ball
18641	The man then runs a device over the sky that looks like an iron , and continues to sand it , clear it off , scrape it , and use the ironing device again .	who then runs the device over the sky that looks like an iron , and continues to sand it , clear it off , scrape it , and use the ironing device again ?	man
18641	The man then runs a device over the sky that looks like an iron , and continues to sand it , clear it off , scrape it , and use the ironing device again .	the man then runs what over the sky that looks like an iron ?	device
18642	The man then removes the tape and turns the ski onto it 's side to scrape at it .	who then removes the tape and turns the ski onto it 's side to scrape at it ?	man
18642	The man then removes the tape and turns the ski onto it 's side to scrape at it .	what does the man then remove ?	tape
18642	The man then removes the tape and turns the ski onto it 's side to scrape at it .	what does the man then turn onto it 's side to scrape at it ?	ski
18643	When he 's finished he grabs the ski and puts it into a compartment that is located above the green machine .	what does he grab ?	ski
18643	When he 's finished he grabs the ski and puts it into a compartment that is located above the green machine .	what is the color of the machine ?	green
18644	A man stands in an arena preparing to skateboard .	who stands in an arena preparing to skateboard ?	man
18645	The man skates down a halfpipe and goes back and forth from one end to the other .	who skates down the halfpipe and goes back and forth from one end to the other ?	man
18646	The man loses his skateboard and comes down the wall on his knees .	who loses his skateboard and comes down the wall on his knees ?	man
18646	The man loses his skateboard and comes down the wall on his knees .	what does the man lose ?	skateboard
18647	We see the man 's disappointment as another man prepares to skate .	who do we see disappointment ?	man
18648	The man walks away and hops on his skateboard behind the stage .	who walks away and hops on his skateboard behind the stage ?	man
18649	A man is in a screened area standing on a concrete circle and swings a ball on a rope around two times above his head .	who is in the screened area standing on a concrete circle and swings a ball on a rope around two times above his head ?	man
18650	The man then quickly starts spinning himself along with swinging the ball on the rope .	who then quickly starts spinning himself along with swinging the ball on the rope ?	man
18651	After numerous and quick swings and spins the man lets the rope go and the ball goes flying .	who does after numerous and quick swings and spins let the rope go and the ball goes flying ?	man
18651	After numerous and quick swings and spins the man lets the rope go and the ball goes flying .	what does after numerous and quick swings and spins the man let and goes flying ?	ball
18652	A person wash the dishes using a brush in a sink .	where do the person wash the dishes using a brush . ?	sink
18653	Then , the person wash the utensils while cleaning with the brush .	what do then , the person wash while cleaning with the brush ?	utensils
18654	After , the person pours dishwasher in a glass and a cup , then brush and rinse .	where does after , the person pour dishwasher , then brush and rinse . ?	cup
18655	A young woman with a black dress and red cardigan on is standing in the corner of a kitchen cutting fruits .	what is the color of the dress ?	black
18655	A young woman with a black dress and red cardigan on is standing in the corner of a kitchen cutting fruits .	what is the color of the cardigan ?	red
18656	After awhile , she grabs six strawberries and leaves them on the cutting board as she begins to cut grapes .	what does after awhile , she grab ?	strawberries
18656	After awhile , she grabs six strawberries and leaves them on the cutting board as she begins to cut grapes .	how many strawberries does after awhile , she grab ?	six
18657	In front of her , there are two large white bowls full of fruit and she begins putting the cut up fruit in those bowls .	how many large white bowls are there full of fruit ?	two
18657	In front of her , there are two large white bowls full of fruit and she begins putting the cut up fruit in those bowls .	what is the color of the bowls ?	white
18658	The camera then moves and the person zooms in on the contents of the fruit bowls , showing pineapples , strawberries and grapes .	what then moves and the person zooms in on the contents of the fruit bowls , showing pineapples , strawberries and grapes ?	camera
18660	A girl flips and takes her turn then flips out of the center .	who flips and takes her turn then flips out of the center ?	girl
18661	A teen does a flip to the other side of the room .	who does the flip to the other side of the room ?	teen
18663	The teen talks to another one of the children and send the boy in when it 's his turn .	who talks to another one of the children and send the boy in when it 's his turn ?	teen
18664	the teen attempts to have a scared boy take a turn but the boy refuses .	who attempts to have the scared boy take a turn but the boy refuses ?	teen
18664	the teen attempts to have a scared boy take a turn but the boy refuses .	who does the teen attempt but refuses ?	boy
18665	The children all run to the floor .	who all run to the floor ?	children
18666	A woman is dancing in the middle of the street with a baton .	who is dancing in the middle of the street with a baton ?	woman
18667	She twirls and throws the baton while a small crowd watches .	what does she twirl and throws ?	baton
18669	In the snow , various young men perform snowboard tricks before the camera .	what do in the snow , various young men perform before the camera ?	tricks
18670	A man in a blue sweatshirt jumps down a staircase .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	blue
18671	A young man in a black outfit performs a double trick by grinding down one railing and jumping down a staircase .	what is the color of the outfit ?	black
18672	A man in a purple sweatshirt grinds down a staircase railing .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	purple
18674	The man in the blue sweatshirt grinds down a railing and lands stylishly on the floor .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	blue
18675	A male gymnast walks up to the parallel bars and uses a spring board to jump up .	who walks up to the parallel bars and uses a spring board to jump up ?	gymnast
18676	Another man pulls the spring board out of the way .	who pulls the spring board out of the way ?	man
18678	The gymnast does a parallel bar routine .	who does the parallel bar routine ?	gymnast
18678	The gymnast does a parallel bar routine .	what does the gymnast do ?	routine
18679	Several other male gymnasts walk around in the background .	who walk around in the background ?	gymnasts
18680	The male gymnast completes his routine and runs off of the gym floor .	who completes his routine and runs off of the gym floor ?	gymnast
18681	A man is painting the wood with brush , the wood is being shown .	who is painting the wood with brush , the wood is being shown ?	man
18682	The man is painting the fence with brown paint , then painting the table .	who is painting the fence with brown paint , then painting the table ?	man
18682	The man is painting the fence with brown paint , then painting the table .	what is the man painting with brown paint , then painting the table ?	fence
18682	The man is painting the fence with brown paint , then painting the table .	what is the color of the paint ?	brown
18683	The man mixed the paint and then began painting the wooden table , then he clean up the floor and brush it .	who mixed the paint and then began painting the wooden table , then he clean up the floor and brush it ?	man
18683	The man mixed the paint and then began painting the wooden table , then he clean up the floor and brush it .	the man mixed what , then he clean up the floor and brush it ?	paint
18683	The man mixed the paint and then began painting the wooden table , then he clean up the floor and brush it .	the man mixed the paint and then began , then he clean up what and brush it ?	floor
18686	We see an opening screen with a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
18688	A man is shoveling with a dist pan followed by ladies with a hoe and plate .	who is shoveling with the dist pan followed by ladies with a hoe and plate ?	man
18689	A man throws snow on a lady .	who throws snow on a lady ?	man
18690	A man throws snow on people .	who throws snow on people ?	man
18692	A lady talks to the camera and it goes black and white .	who talks to the camera and it goes black and white ?	lady
18695	A middle age woman is shown squatting down picking up snow and dumping it in pile .	who is shown squatting down picking up snow and dumping it in pile ?	woman
18697	A young boy laughs while holding two toothbrushes .	who laughs while holding two toothbrushes ?	boy
18697	A young boy laughs while holding two toothbrushes .	how many toothbrushes does the young boy laugh while holding ?	two
18701	A man pulls a camel with two people in the desert .	who pulls the camel with two people in the desert ?	man
18701	A man pulls a camel with two people in the desert .	what does the man pull with two people in the desert ?	camel
18702	Two women are close to the camels .	who are close to the camels ?	women
18702	Two women are close to the camels .	how many women are close to the camels ?	two
18703	A car pass behind the camels .	what pass behind the camels ?	car
18705	A woman begins playing the drums while another plays piano and the others watch .	who begins playing the drums while another plays piano and the others watch ?	woman
18707	Two men quickly dismantle a red chimney .	what do two men quickly dismantle ?	chimney
18707	Two men quickly dismantle a red chimney .	how many men quickly dismantle the red chimney ?	two
18707	Two men quickly dismantle a red chimney .	what is the color of the chimney ?	red
18708	One man puts wood over the gaping hole .	who puts wood over the gaping hole ?	man
18708	One man puts wood over the gaping hole .	how many man puts wood over the gaping hole ?	one
18709	The man then covers the wood with shingles .	who then covers the wood with shingles ?	man
18712	The person chops the fruit again and cuts off the chopped bit .	what did the person chop again ?	fruit
18716	A boy is seen holding a stick while other people watch and clap on the sidelines .	who is seen holding the stick while other people watch and clap on the sidelines ?	boy
18717	The boy holding the stick performs a martial arts routine in front of the people and ends with a pose while everyone around him claps .	who is holding the stick performs a martial arts routine in front of the people and ends with a pose while everyone around him claps ?	boy
18717	The boy holding the stick performs a martial arts routine in front of the people and ends with a pose while everyone around him claps .	the boy holding what performs a martial arts routine in front of the people and ends with a pose while everyone around him claps ?	stick
18718	A man is seen giving the camera a piece sign while others around him talk and gear up .	who is seen giving the camera a piece sign while others around him talk and gear up ?	man
18719	One man is then seen stepping up on a platform and jumping off the side .	who is then seen stepping up on the platform and jumping off the side ?	man
18719	One man is then seen stepping up on a platform and jumping off the side .	how many man is then seen stepping up on the platform and jumping off the side ?	one
18720	A man competes in a canoe in a river moving the oar very fast .	who competes in the canoe in a river moving the oar very fast ?	man
18721	Then , the man pass turbulent waters .	who do then , pass turbulent waters ?	man
18721	Then , the man pass turbulent waters .	who do then , the man pass ?	waters
18723	We see a woman dressed in red standing in a room of a house .	who do we see dressed in red standing in a room of a house ?	woman
18723	We see a woman dressed in red standing in a room of a house .	what is the color of the woman ?	red
18725	She picks up some furniture polish , and applies it to the wood , polishing it with a sock she has put over her hand .	what does she pick up ?	polish
18727	Three men are playing paper , scissor , stick and stone while creatures with different colors are watching them with shock .	how many men are playing paper , scissor , stick and stone while creatures with different colors are watching them with shock ?	three
18728	One character won by using scissor , he then talked to the people around him .	who won by using scissor , he then talked to the people around him ?	character
18728	One character won by using scissor , he then talked to the people around him .	how many character won by using scissor ?	one
18729	A woman bends down and lifts a heavy weight over her head .	who bends down and lifts the heavy weight over her head ?	woman
18733	A young gymnast in a blue outfit stands in front of a balance beam , jumps on it and begins to perform a routine involving flips .	what is the color of the outfit ?	blue
18734	A woman in pink dress is clipping the right paw of a white cat who is sitting on her lap .	what is the color of the cat ?	white
18735	She took the left paw to clip , the cat looked up and the woman looked down and gave her a quick kiss on the head .	what did she take , the cat looked up and the woman looked down and gave her a quick kiss on the head ?	paw
18735	She took the left paw to clip , the cat looked up and the woman looked down and gave her a quick kiss on the head .	what did she take the left paw , looked up and the woman looked down and gave her a quick kiss on the head ?	cat
18735	She took the left paw to clip , the cat looked up and the woman looked down and gave her a quick kiss on the head .	who did she take the left paw , the cat looked up and looked down and gave her a quick kiss on the head ?	woman
18736	The cat looked up while the woman is clipping the right back paw of the cat .	what looked up while the woman is clipping the right back paw of the cat ?	cat
18737	While the woman is clipping the left back paw , the cat was blinking to the camera .	what was , blinking to the camera ?	cat
18738	Two men are seen standing in a room and speaking to the camera while holding rackets .	how many men are seen standing in the room and speaking to the camera while holding rackets ?	two
18738	Two men are seen standing in a room and speaking to the camera while holding rackets .	where are two men seen standing and speaking to the camera while holding rackets . ?	room
18739	The two then continuously hit the ball around the closed area back and fourth and point to the camera with a racket and run around .	the two then continuously hit what around the closed area back and fourth and point to the camera with a racket and run around ?	ball
18741	One couple is walking a pit bull on a leash .	what is one couple walking on a leash ?	bull
18741	One couple is walking a pit bull on a leash .	how many couple is walking the pit bull on a leash ?	one
18743	A man is holding a surf board .	who is holding the surf board ?	man
18748	The birds are flying over the water again .	what are flying over the water again ?	birds
18749	A large flag is flowing in the wind .	what is flowing in the wind ?	flag
18750	A man is on a street , hitting a stick with another stick .	who is on the street , hitting a stick with another stick ?	man
18751	Two men engage in martial arts kick boxing , kicking and swinging and flipping .	how many men engage in martial arts kick boxing , kicking and swinging and flipping ?	two
18752	A man is chopping wood in a snowy yard .	who is chopping wood in a snowy yard ?	man
18755	A man bends over to talk to the camera .	who bends over to talk to the camera ?	man
18756	The man then skateboards on a ramp .	who then skateboards on the ramp ?	man
18758	A child slides down the ramp on her butt .	who slides down the ramp on her butt ?	child
18759	The man 's skateboard gets away from him .	who skateboard gets away from him ?	man
18759	The man 's skateboard gets away from him .	what gets away from him ?	skateboard
18760	The man chases his skareboard .	who chases his skareboard ?	man
18761	The man talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	man
18762	An older gentleman in a blue shirt is painting a wooden fence .	what is an older gentleman in a blue shirt painting ?	fence
18762	An older gentleman in a blue shirt is painting a wooden fence .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
18763	He picks up the paint bucket and walks up the sidewalk .	what does he pick up ?	bucket
18763	He picks up the paint bucket and walks up the sidewalk .	what does he walk up ?	sidewalk
18764	A man is seen riding around on roller blades in a park and performs a grind while the camera slows down .	who is seen riding around on roller blades in a park and performs a grind while the camera slows down ?	man
18764	A man is seen riding around on roller blades in a park and performs a grind while the camera slows down .	who does the man perform ?	grind
18766	The camera man holds the camera close to his face and zooms in on a man sitting and smoking .	who holds the camera close to his face and zooms in on a man sitting and smoking ?	man
18766	The camera man holds the camera close to his face and zooms in on a man sitting and smoking .	what does the camera man hold close to his face and zooms in on a man sitting and smoking ?	camera
18767	A girl plays a wind box instrument inside of a house .	who plays the wind box instrument inside of a house ?	girl
18768	The woman laughs then resumes playing the song on the instrument .	who then resumes playing the song on the instrument ?	laughs
18769	A woman is shown in a yard , talking to the camera .	who is shown in the yard , talking to the camera ?	woman
18770	She is then on horseback , and a woman is shown in several scenes talking about technique .	who is she then on horseback , and is shown in several scenes talking about technique ?	woman
18771	The girl rides the horse alone , then with other people down trails .	who rides the horse alone , then with other people down trails ?	girl
18771	The girl rides the horse alone , then with other people down trails .	what did the girl rid alone , then with other people down trails ?	horse
18772	A person holding a cat straightens the cat 's paw .	the person holding what straightens the cat 's paw ?	cat
18772	A person holding a cat straightens the cat 's paw .	what is the person holding a cat straightens paw ?	cat
18772	A person holding a cat straightens the cat 's paw .	what is the person holding a cat straightens ?	paw
18773	The person cuts the cat 's claws with a scissor shape clipper .	what does the person cut claws with a scissor shape clipper ?	cat
18773	The person cuts the cat 's claws with a scissor shape clipper .	what does the person cut with a scissor shape clipper ?	claws
18774	The cat attacks the the cutter .	what attacks the the cutter ?	cat
18774	The cat attacks the the cutter .	who does the cat attack ?	cutter
18776	A boat is in the water .	what is in the water ?	boat
18778	Two people are shown and then several boats are advertised .	what are two people shown and then are advertised ?	boats
18778	Two people are shown and then several boats are advertised .	how many people are shown ?	two
18779	After , the two people in the water surfing over large huge waves together .	how many people did after , in the water surf over large huge waves together ?	two
18781	A man is seen walking closer to a pinata while a large group of people stand around him .	who is seen walking closer to the pinata while a large group of people stand around him ?	man
18782	The man misses the pinata and hits a person behind him , shown again in slow motion .	who misses the pinata and hits a person behind him , shown again in slow motion ?	man
18782	The man misses the pinata and hits a person behind him , shown again in slow motion .	what does the man miss ?	pinata
18783	A man starts jump roping on a stage .	who starts jump roping on a stage ?	man
18785	Two men stand behind cameras filming him .	how many men stand behind cameras filming him ?	two
18788	As they are going , a chair sits in front of them to serve as the marker and a man walks back and forth watching them go .	what does , sit in front of them to serve as the marker and a man walks back and forth watching them go ?	chair
18789	A man is standing and walking in the gym .	who is standing and walking in the gym ?	man
18789	A man is standing and walking in the gym .	where is the man standing and walking . ?	gym
18790	The man sat on the rowing machine and put his feet on the pedal .	who sat on the rowing machine and put his feet on the pedal ?	man
18791	The man began to pull the belt .	who began to pull the belt ?	man
18793	The kids take off and start down the dirk track .	who take off and start down the dirk track ?	kids
18798	There are several girls getting ready to go to a water polo sport event .	who are there getting ready to go to a water polo sport event ?	girls
18803	The team members talk about the competition and how they fared in the sport .	who talk about the competition and how they fared in the sport ?	members
18804	The screen shows all the final wins and loses in the girls varsity water polo .	what shows all the final wins and loses in the girls varsity water polo ?	screen
18805	A shirtless man is playing bongo drums in front of a microphone .	who is playing bongo drums in front of a microphone ?	man
18805	A shirtless man is playing bongo drums in front of a microphone .	what is the shirtless man playing in front of a microphone ?	drums
18807	To his right is a green bag and a hat situated on a table .	what is the color of the bag ?	green
18809	A woman walks in , grabs the supplies , starts spraying the sink and begins scrubbing with a sponge .	who walks in , grabs the supplies , starts spraying the sink and begins scrubbing with a sponge ?	woman
18810	The woman then starts rinsing the sink with the hand held sprayer until it 's all clean .	who then starts rinsing the sink with the hand held sprayer until it 's all clean ?	woman
18812	Two young boys perform martial arts dances .	who perform martial arts dances ?	boys
18812	Two young boys perform martial arts dances .	how many young boys perform martial arts dances ?	two
18815	The performers return to their seats .	who return to their seats ?	performers
18816	A bunch of kids are standing on a soccer field and a girl is talking .	who are the bunch of kids standing on a soccer field and is talking ?	girl
18817	The girl is ready to kick a red ball rolled on the ground .	who is ready to kick the red ball rolled on the ground ?	girl
18817	The girl is ready to kick a red ball rolled on the ground .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
18818	The young woman wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt runs and kicks the ball .	who is wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt runs and kicks the ball ?	woman
18818	The young woman wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt runs and kicks the ball .	what is the young woman wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt runs and kicks ?	ball
18818	The young woman wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt runs and kicks the ball .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
18819	The young girl slides into the first water slide .	who slides into the first water slide ?	girl
18820	The girl then gets up and then slides into the second water slide .	who then gets up and then slides into the second water slide ?	girl
18821	A man catch a fish from a hole in the ice .	who catch the fish from a hole in the ice ?	man
18821	A man catch a fish from a hole in the ice .	what do the man catch from a hole in the ice ?	fish
18822	Then , the man holds the fish that moves on the ice .	who does then , hold the fish that moves on the ice ?	man
18822	Then , the man holds the fish that moves on the ice .	what does then , the man hold ?	fish
18823	After , the man put a metal rod on the mouth of the fish .	who did after , put the metal rod on the mouth of the fish ?	man
18823	After , the man put a metal rod on the mouth of the fish .	what did after , the man put on the mouth of the fish ?	rod
18828	A young man puts in a pan oil , onions , tomatoes , green leaves and salt , then mix to cook the vegetables .	who puts in the pan oil , onions , tomatoes , green leaves and salt , then mix to cook the vegetables ?	man
18828	A young man puts in a pan oil , onions , tomatoes , green leaves and salt , then mix to cook the vegetables .	what is the color of the leaves ?	green
18829	After , the man puts aside the vegetables , and cooks an omelette in the pan .	after , who puts aside the vegetables , and cooks an omelette in the pan ?	man
18829	After , the man puts aside the vegetables , and cooks an omelette in the pan .	what does after , the man put aside ?	vegetables
18829	After , the man puts aside the vegetables , and cooks an omelette in the pan .	what did after , the man cook in the pan ?	omelette
18829	After , the man puts aside the vegetables , and cooks an omelette in the pan .	where did after , the man cook an omelette . ?	pan
18830	After , the man puts the vegetables over the omelette and folds it , then he serves the omelette .	what does , then he serve ?	omelette
18831	A young boy is sitting in front of a desktop as he plays with a Rubik cube .	who is sitting in front of a desktop as he plays with a rubik cube ?	boy
18832	He finishes the cube and sets it on the desk and quickly stops a timer .	what does he finish ?	cube
18832	He finishes the cube and sets it on the desk and quickly stops a timer .	he sets it on the desk and quickly stops what ?	timer
18833	He grabs the cube again and begins to complete it .	what does he grab again ?	cube
18836	The man begins to play the drums as the camera records him .	who begins to play the drums as the camera records him ?	man
18839	the camera turns to show the people that are enjoying the music .	what turns to show the people that are enjoying the music ?	camera
18842	A man is seen talking to the camera and leads into him rubbing down a window .	who is seen talking to the camera and leads into him rubbing down a window ?	man
18843	He streaks the window with cleaner and shows several methods on how to use a wiper properly .	what does he streak with cleaner ?	window
18844	The window is all clean in the end and he is still seen talking to the camera .	what is all clean in the end and he is still seen talking to the camera ?	window
18845	Several canoes are sen laid out that leads into shots of people riding in the canoes .	what are sen laid out that leads into shots of people riding in the canoes ?	canoes
18846	A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as riding in a canoe with another woman .	who is seen speaking to the camera as well as riding in a canoe with another woman ?	man
18848	A man in gear is shown pointing two guns .	how many guns is the man in gear shown pointing ?	two
18851	Fit guys stand on a bleach .	who stand on the bleach ?	guys
18852	The guys play beach soccer .	who play beach soccer ?	guys
18852	The guys play beach soccer .	what do the guys play ?	soccer
18853	A man gives an interview .	who gives an interview ?	man
18854	A player juggles two soccer balls .	what does the player juggle ?	balls
18854	A player juggles two soccer balls .	how many soccer balls does the player juggle ?	two
18855	A girl in a yellow shirt is eating an ice cream cone .	what is the girl in a yellow shirt eating ?	cone
18855	A girl in a yellow shirt is eating an ice cream cone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
18857	A man next to him looks back at her .	who next to him looks back at her ?	man
18858	A guy spins a ball attached to a rope .	who spins the ball attached to a rope ?	guy
18858	A guy spins a ball attached to a rope .	what does the guy spin attached to a rope ?	ball
18859	The guy releases the ball and rope attachment to the area behind him .	who releases the ball and rope attachment to the area behind him ?	guy
18860	The guy spins the ball attached to a rope and falls to the ground .	who spins the ball attached to a rope and falls to the ground ?	guy
18860	The guy spins the ball attached to a rope and falls to the ground .	what does the guy spin attached to a rope ?	ball
18861	A man in white shirt and white lifevest is sitting in a single orange raft .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
18861	A man in white shirt and white lifevest is sitting in a single orange raft .	what is the color of the lifevest ?	white
18861	A man in white shirt and white lifevest is sitting in a single orange raft .	what is the color of the raft ?	orange
18861	A man in white shirt and white lifevest is sitting in a single orange raft .	where is the man in white shirt and white lifevest sitting . ?	raft
18862	The man in a raft is going against the water waves , he paddles and the raft is turning in circle .	what is the man in a raft going against the water waves , he paddles and is turning in circle ?	raft
18862	The man in a raft is going against the water waves , he paddles and the raft is turning in circle .	where is the man going against the water waves , he paddles and the raft is turning in circle . ?	raft
18863	An empty room is shown with yellow tile .	what is shown with yellow tile ?	room
18863	An empty room is shown with yellow tile .	what is the color of the tile ?	yellow
18864	A man in a white shirt is painting a wall .	what is the man in a white shirt painting ?	wall
18864	A man in a white shirt is painting a wall .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
18872	We then see the ending screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
18873	A man is talking in a green room .	who is talking in the green room ?	man
18873	A man is talking in a green room .	what is the color of the room ?	green
18873	A man is talking in a green room .	where is the man talking . ?	room
18874	Two people are seen playing a fooseball table and cheering with one another .	how many people are seen playing the fooseball table and cheering with one another ?	two
18876	A green paint brush holder is shown .	what is the color of the holder ?	green
18880	There is a model airplane sitting on the table .	what is there sitting on the table ?	airplane
18881	The airplane is being painted a gold color .	what is being painted the gold color ?	airplane
18882	A green paint brush is being shown and turned around .	what is being shown and turned around ?	brush
18882	A green paint brush is being shown and turned around .	what is the color of the brush ?	green
18883	A curling stone slides down the ice .	what slides down the ice ?	stone
18884	The blue team discuss their strategy .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
18885	The white team high five each other .	what is the color of the team ?	white
18886	The blue team discuss while a member points .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
18887	A blue team player takes his turn and curls his stone into the center .	what does the blue team player curl into the center ?	stone
18887	A blue team player takes his turn and curls his stone into the center .	what is the color of the player ?	blue
18888	The blue team comes and hugs the player as they celebrate .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
18891	The person cuts a hole in the ice as well as bait and finally catches a fish .	the person finally catches what ?	fish
18892	The man cuts the fish , cooks it , and is then seen eating it and walking away .	who cuts the fish , cooks it , and is then seen eating it and walking away ?	man
18892	The man cuts the fish , cooks it , and is then seen eating it and walking away .	what does the man cut ?	fish
18893	A lady is washing a small dog in a sink .	who is washing the small dog in a sink ?	lady
18893	A lady is washing a small dog in a sink .	where is the lady washing a small dog . ?	sink
18894	The lady puts shampoo on the dog .	who puts shampoo on the dog ?	lady
18895	The lady picks the dog up again .	who picks the dog up again ?	lady
18895	The lady picks the dog up again .	what does the lady pick up again ?	dog
18896	The lady takes the dog over to a table and stands him up .	who takes the dog over to a table and stands him up ?	lady
18898	She then picks up the dog .	what does she then pick up ?	dog
18899	A man is seen speaking to the camera holding various objects and transitions into him cutting the edge of a lawn .	who is seen speaking to the camera holding various objects and transitions into him cutting the edge of a lawn ?	man
18901	Two teams play a game of indoor field hockey .	how many teams play the game of indoor field hockey ?	two
18903	The referee starts and stops the game .	who starts and stops the game ?	referee
18905	A computer graphics sequence shows one particular device 's functionality .	what shows one particular device 's functionality ?	sequence
18905	A computer graphics sequence shows one particular device 's functionality .	how many particular device does the computer graphics sequence show 's functionality ?	one
18906	Several women display their curled hair .	who display their curled hair ?	women
18907	The curling product is once again demonstrated by several women .	what is once again demonstrated by several women ?	product
18908	One woman 's before and after pictures are shown .	who 's before and after pictures are shown ?	woman
18908	One woman 's before and after pictures are shown .	how many woman 's before and after pictures are shown ?	one
18909	A woman is brushing her teeth in a bathroom .	who is brushing her teeth in a bathroom ?	woman
18909	A woman is brushing her teeth in a bathroom .	where is the woman brushing her teeth . ?	bathroom
18911	She spits the toothpaste out into the sink in front of her .	what does she spit out into the sink in front of her ?	toothpaste
18912	An advertising screen appears momentarily as the video begins .	what appears momentarily as the video begins ?	screen
18913	A group of men are shown kicking a ball back and forth in a stadium .	where are the group of men shown kicking a ball . ?	stadium
18915	A yellow circle is shown around a particular player .	what is shown around the particular player ?	circle
18915	A yellow circle is shown around a particular player .	what is the color of the circle ?	yellow
18917	A man is seen sitting in a boat and the camera continues panning around the area .	who is seen sitting in the boat and the camera continues panning around the area ?	man
18917	A man is seen sitting in a boat and the camera continues panning around the area .	what is the man seen and continues panning around the area ?	camera
18917	A man is seen sitting in a boat and the camera continues panning around the area .	where is the man seen sitting and the camera continues panning around the area . ?	boat
18918	The kids wander into the boats and beginning paddling down the river .	who wander into the boats and beginning paddling down the river ?	kids
18919	The water becomes more furious and the kids splash the camera man playfully .	who does the water become more furious and splash the camera man playfully ?	kids
18919	The water becomes more furious and the kids splash the camera man playfully .	who does the water become more furious and the kids splash playfully ?	man
18922	The people continue playing with one another and throw the ball around .	what do the people throw around ?	ball
18923	A man and woman are talking in a room .	where are the man and woman talking . ?	room
18924	A person is riding a bike down the street .	what is the person riding down the street ?	bicycle
18926	The man and woman are talking in a room .	where are the man and woman talking . ?	room
18927	A bike is leaning against a fence .	what is leaning against the fence ?	bicycle
18928	A man puts a lock around the tire of his bike .	who puts the lock around the tire of his bike ?	man
18928	A man puts a lock around the tire of his bike .	what does the man put around the tire of his bike ?	lock
18931	They pauses for a few moments to speak to one another and the camera captures the shooters from different angles .	what does they pause for a few moments and captures the shooters from different angles ?	camera
18931	They pauses for a few moments to speak to one another and the camera captures the shooters from different angles .	what does they pause for a few moments and the camera captures from different angles ?	shooters
18932	A small child is seen laying down on a rug while the camera records them .	who is seen laying down on the rug while the camera records them ?	child
18933	The child then covers their eyes with their hands and moves their head up and down .	who then covers their eyes with their hands and moves their head up and down ?	child
18938	man is wearing stils and is making high jumps above a trasher bin in a parking lot .	who is wearing stils and is making high jumps above a trasher bin in a parking lot ?	man
18939	man is doing high jumps inf ront of the las vegas sign in the street and above a stoned wall in the street .	who is doing high jumps inf ront of the las vegas sign in the street and above a stoned wall in the street ?	man
18940	Two teams are shown on a field and the man is running playing lacrosse and runs directly into the other opponent .	who are two teams shown on a field and is running playing lacrosse and runs directly into the other opponent ?	man
18940	Two teams are shown on a field and the man is running playing lacrosse and runs directly into the other opponent .	how many teams are shown on the field ?	two
18943	Two people wearing scuba gear are underwater .	two people wearing what are underwater ?	gear
18943	Two people wearing scuba gear are underwater .	how many people is wearing scuba gear are underwater ?	two
18944	They look at each other , remove their mouth pieces , then kiss .	what do they remove , then ?	pieces
18945	The man places his mouth piece back in .	who places his mouth piece back in ?	man
18945	The man places his mouth piece back in .	what does the man place back in ?	piece
18946	A person jumps off a boat into the water .	what does the person jump off into the water ?	boat
18947	A boy is long boarding down a street .	who is long boarding down the street ?	boy
18950	A woman is standing in a room talking .	who is standing in the room talking ?	woman
18953	She uses a towel to dry her face .	what does she use ?	towel
18954	A little boy is in an outdoor parking lot .	who is in an outdoor parking lot ?	boy
18957	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a toilet paper roll and begins blowing smoke into the roll .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a toilet paper roll and begins blowing smoke into the roll ?	man
18958	The man continues to take several drags off a pipe and blow it out into the toilet paper roll .	who continues to take several drags off a pipe and blow it out into the toilet paper roll ?	man
18959	A person is seen sitting in a kayak and moving himself down a rough river .	where is the person seen sitting and moving himself down a rough river . ?	kayak
18961	A man in a black shirt is playing a harmonica .	what is the man in a black shirt playing ?	harmonica
18961	A man in a black shirt is playing a harmonica .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
18962	Another man sits on a porch of a house .	who sits on the porch of a house ?	man
18963	A woman in a white scarf turns a lantern off .	what does the woman in a white scarf turn off ?	lantern
18963	A woman in a white scarf turns a lantern off .	what is the color of the scarf ?	white
18964	A man is shown on parallel bars doing a routine on them .	who is shown on parallel bars doing a routine on them ?	man
18966	The athlete then dismounts the bars and lands on his feet .	who then dismounts the bars and lands on his feet ?	athlete
18968	A woman is seen walking onto a stage performing a belly dancing routine in front of an audience .	who is seen walking onto the stage performing a belly dancing routine in front of an audience ?	woman
18969	The woman continues dancing around the stage and ends with her posing .	who continues dancing around the stage and ends with her posing ?	woman
18970	woman is standing in front of a screenboard .	who is standing in front of a screenboard ?	woman
18973	A young girl is seen sitting on a couch next to an adult looking down at their feet .	who is seen sitting on the couch next to an adult looking down at their feet ?	girl
18974	The girl plays with a toy iron and moves the item up and down on a shirt .	who plays with the toy iron and moves the item up and down on a shirt ?	girl
18975	A man is running down a pathway in the field in slow motion preparing to throw a javelin .	who is running down the pathway in the field in slow motion preparing to throw a javelin ?	man
18978	We see a man talking to two other men outside a warehouse .	who do we see talking to two other men outside a warehouse ?	man
18979	Inside the warehouse we see a box the men ride their skateboards over .	what do inside the warehouse we see ?	box
18980	The man falls off his skateboard repeatedly .	who falls off his skateboard repeatedly ?	man
18981	He flips the skateboard , and we see it in slow motion .	what does he flip , and we see it in slow motion ?	skateboard
18982	The man gets a hat , and we see the end screen .	who gets the hat , and we see the end screen ?	man
18982	The man gets a hat , and we see the end screen .	what does the man get , and we see the end screen ?	hat
18982	The man gets a hat , and we see the end screen .	what does the man get a hat , and we see ?	screen
18983	A man jumps on a pile of boxes and we see the end screen again .	who jumps on the pile of boxes and we see the end screen again ?	man
18983	A man jumps on a pile of boxes and we see the end screen again .	what does the man jump on a pile of boxes and we see again ?	screen
18986	Betty Heidler starts spinning and then with all the momentum tossed the hammer really far away .	what does betty heidler start and then with all the momentum tossed really far away ?	hammer
18990	A man folds a fitness machine in a gym .	who folds the fitness machine in a gym ?	man
18990	A man folds a fitness machine in a gym .	where does the man fold a fitness machine . ?	gym
18991	Then , a man make workouts in a fitness machine .	who do then , make workouts in a fitness machine ?	man
18991	Then , a man make workouts in a fitness machine .	where do then , the man make workouts . ?	machine
18992	A woman in blue shirt is chopping the wood , when she chopped the wood in half , she put them aside then she take another log and chopped it in half .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
18996	A man is seen shooting a bow and arrow followed by another man taking a bow and aiming .	who is seen shooting the bow and arrow followed by another man taking a bow and aiming ?	man
18997	Another man is seen kneeling down before bows and speaking to the camera .	who is seen kneeling down before bows and speaking to the camera ?	man
19000	Two canoes are tied together .	what are tied together ?	canoes
19000	Two canoes are tied together .	how many canoes are tied together ?	two
19002	The river is lined with many trees .	what is lined with many trees ?	river
19003	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19006	One man high fives a child held up by a lady behind them .	who high fives the child held up by a lady behind them ?	man
19006	One man high fives a child held up by a lady behind them .	who does one man high fives held up by a lady behind them ?	child
19006	One man high fives a child held up by a lady behind them .	how many man high fives the child held up by a lady behind them ?	one
19007	We see a closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
19008	A woman in white karate uniform does a demonstration of a routine on the mat for judges during event .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
19009	The woman bows and walks off the mat .	who bows and walks off the mat ?	woman
19009	The woman bows and walks off the mat .	what does the woman walk off ?	mat
19010	A woman in black uniform shakes hands with judges .	what is the color of the uniform ?	black
19011	A woman in white uniform walks up and greets judges shaking their hands .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
19012	A man sporting a beard and mustache and wearing a white shirt is giving a tutorial on volleyball safety .	who sporting a beard and mustache and wearing a white shirt is giving a tutorial on volleyball safety ?	man
19012	A man sporting a beard and mustache and wearing a white shirt is giving a tutorial on volleyball safety .	the man sporting a beard and mustache and wearing what is giving a tutorial on volleyball safety ?	shirt
19012	A man sporting a beard and mustache and wearing a white shirt is giving a tutorial on volleyball safety .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
19013	He then wears a black sweatshirt and demonstrates how to do stretching exercises .	what does he then wear ?	sweatshirt
19013	He then wears a black sweatshirt and demonstrates how to do stretching exercises .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	black
19015	There are some athletes playing volleyball as he talks .	who are there playing volleyball as he talks ?	athletes
19018	The ball enters and everyone runs towards the ball .	what enters and everyone runs towards the ball ?	ball
19019	A man on the right kicks the ball into the goal .	what does the man on the right kick into the goal ?	ball
19021	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while standing next to a horse and holding a brush .	who is seen speaking to the camera while standing next to a horse and holding a brush ?	woman
19024	A car is stopped at a red light and there 's a view of a small town that has some snow on the ground .	what is stopped at the red light and there 's a view of a small town that has some snow on the ground ?	car
19024	A car is stopped at a red light and there 's a view of a small town that has some snow on the ground .	what is the color of the light ?	red
19026	On the right side there 's someone shoveling ice from the road and the car passes him .	what does on the right side there 's someone shoveling ice from the road and passes him ?	car
19027	A man is outdoors standing on a 4 step tool and swipes his hedge cutter to the right .	who is outdoors standing on the 4 step tool and swipes his hedge cutter to the right ?	man
19027	A man is outdoors standing on a 4 step tool and swipes his hedge cutter to the right .	who does the man swipe to the right ?	cutter
19028	The man then lifts the cutters up and begins cutting more towards his left side .	who then lifts the cutters up and begins cutting more towards his left side ?	man
19028	The man then lifts the cutters up and begins cutting more towards his left side .	the man then lifts who up ?	cutters
19029	The man stops cutting and begins to step down from the ladder .	who stops cutting and begins to step down from the ladder ?	man
19030	A woman starts braiding her hair .	who starts braiding her hair ?	woman
19032	The woman turns to the side to show her braid .	who turns to the side to show her braid ?	woman
19033	Two teams are on either side of a field .	how many teams are on either side of a field ?	two
19034	They are holding a rope , getting ready to pull .	what are they holding , ?	rope
19035	The two teams begin pulling , trying to win the competition as a crowd watches .	how many teams begin pulling , trying to win the competition as a crowd watches ?	two
19036	The yellow group begin to be pulled forward against their will .	what is the color of the group ?	yellow
19038	Technicians are shown inside , working on bicycles .	who are shown inside , working on bicycles ?	technicians
19041	the bowler throws a strike and the crowd claps , a lady holds her hands in front of her face and the bowler wipes his hands .	who throws the strike and the crowd claps , a lady holds her hands in front of her face and the bowler wipes his hands ?	bowler
19041	the bowler throws a strike and the crowd claps , a lady holds her hands in front of her face and the bowler wipes his hands .	who does the bowler throw a strike and the crowd claps , holds her hands in front of her face and the bowler wipes his hands ?	lady
19041	the bowler throws a strike and the crowd claps , a lady holds her hands in front of her face and the bowler wipes his hands .	who does the bowler throw a strike and the crowd claps , a lady holds her hands in front of her face and wipes his hands ?	bowler
19042	The man throws another strike and falls .	who throws another strike and falls ?	man
19044	the man throws a third strike and is seen laying on the ground .	who throws the third strike and is seen laying on the ground ?	man
19046	We then see an older man talking alone in a room .	who do we then see talking alone in a room ?	man
19047	A man is spreading mulch around plants .	who is spreading mulch around plants ?	man
19047	A man is spreading mulch around plants .	what is the man spreading around plants ?	mulch
19048	A man is sitting at a table reading a newspaper .	who is sitting at the table reading a newspaper ?	man
19052	back to the studio are three commentators talking .	who is back to the studio are talking ?	commentators
19052	back to the studio are three commentators talking .	how many commentators is back to the studio are talking ?	three
19055	The man peels and cuts potatoes before throwing them into a yellow pot .	who peels and cuts potatoes before throwing them into a yellow pot ?	man
19055	The man peels and cuts potatoes before throwing them into a yellow pot .	what does the man peel and cuts before throwing them into a yellow pot ?	potatoes
19055	The man peels and cuts potatoes before throwing them into a yellow pot .	what is the color of the pot ?	yellow
19056	The man throws in three handfuls of salt into the yellow pot .	who throws in three handfuls of salt into the yellow pot ?	man
19056	The man throws in three handfuls of salt into the yellow pot .	what is the color of the pot ?	yellow
19057	The man cuts up some garlic .	who cuts up some garlic ?	man
19057	The man cuts up some garlic .	what does the man cut up ?	garlic
19058	Into the pot , the man throws the garlic along with two leaves .	who does into the pot , throw the garlic along with two leaves ?	man
19058	Into the pot , the man throws the garlic along with two leaves .	what does into the pot , the man throw along with two leaves ?	garlic
19059	The woman joins the man at the table and she cuts butter in half .	who joins the man at the table and she cuts butter in half ?	woman
19060	The woman throws the butter into a saucepan .	who throws the butter into a saucepan ?	woman
19060	The woman throws the butter into a saucepan .	what does the woman throw into a saucepan ?	butter
19061	The man speaks to her briefly and the woman proceeds to pour some milk into the saucepan .	who speaks to her briefly and the woman proceeds to pour some milk into the saucepan ?	man
19061	The man speaks to her briefly and the woman proceeds to pour some milk into the saucepan .	who does the man speak to her briefly and proceeds to pour some milk into the saucepan ?	woman
19062	The man places the yellow pot and the saucepan on the stove .	who places the yellow pot and the saucepan on the stove ?	man
19062	The man places the yellow pot and the saucepan on the stove .	what is the color of the pot ?	yellow
19063	The man grabs the pot 's lid and covers the pot .	who grabs the pot 's lid and covers the pot ?	man
19063	The man grabs the pot 's lid and covers the pot .	what does the man grab lid ?	pot
19063	The man grabs the pot 's lid and covers the pot .	what does the man cover ?	pot
19064	Back at the table , the man removes the lid from the pot and removes the leaves .	back at the table , who removes the lid from the pot and removes the leaves ?	man
19064	Back at the table , the man removes the lid from the pot and removes the leaves .	what does back at the table , the man remove ?	leaves
19065	The man mashes the potatoes .	who mashes the potatoes ?	man
19065	The man mashes the potatoes .	what does the man mash ?	potatoes
19066	The man throws in a pinch of salt onto the potatoes .	who throws in the pinch of salt onto the potatoes ?	man
19067	The man resumes mashing the potatoes .	who resumes mashing the potatoes ?	man
19068	The man pours in the milk from the saucepan into the pot .	who pours in the milk from the saucepan into the pot ?	man
19069	The man mashes the potatoes some more .	who mashes the potatoes some more ?	man
19070	The man grabs some pepper and throws it onto the potatoes .	who grabs some pepper and throws it onto the potatoes ?	man
19070	The man grabs some pepper and throws it onto the potatoes .	what does the man grab ?	pepper
19071	The man adds some more milk .	who adds some more milk ?	man
19071	The man adds some more milk .	what does the man add ?	milk
19072	The man returns to mashing the potatoes and stirring them as they have thoroughly become soft .	who returns to mashing the potatoes and stirring them as they have thoroughly become soft ?	man
19073	The man pauses for a second to throw in some water and resumes to stirring the potatoes .	who pauses for the second to throw in some water and resumes to stirring the potatoes ?	man
19074	The finished mashed potatoes dish is left on a counter .	what is left on the counter ?	dish
19076	Suddenly another puck is pushed down and knocked into others while people watch .	who is suddenly pushed down and knocked into others while people watch ?	puck
19077	Two men are crouched beside a car , and a third stands .	how many men are crouched beside the car , and a third stands ?	two
19078	They remove the tire while another man takes pictures .	what do they remove ?	tire
19079	The two men change the tire , putting on a spare .	what do the two men change , ?	tire
19079	The two men change the tire , putting on a spare .	how many men change the tire , putting on a spare ?	two
19080	A woman carry a heavy ball and stands on a circle .	who carry the heavy ball and stands on a circle ?	woman
19080	A woman carry a heavy ball and stands on a circle .	what do the woman carry ?	ball
19081	Then , the woman spins the weight .	who does then , spin the weight ?	woman
19082	Then , the woman throw the weight .	who do then , throw the weight ?	woman
19083	the kids are on the swing while one kid stand and push a little dog on the swing .	who are on the swing while one kid stand and push a little dog on the swing ?	kids
19083	the kids are on the swing while one kid stand and push a little dog on the swing .	how many kid are the kids on the swing while stand and push a little dog on the swing ?	one
19084	three bikers are riding there bike in the parking lot passing the swing area .	how many bikers are riding there bike in the parking lot passing the swing area ?	three
19085	A women then jogs on the sidewalk passing the swing area as well .	who then jogs on the sidewalk passing the swing area as well ?	women
19086	Two young males are sitting at a desk behind two microphones and two computers .	how many young males are sitting at the desk behind two microphones and two computers ?	two
19088	As he is packing up , a young woman walks in and begins shutting off the equipment and cleaning up around the radio station .	, who walks in and begins shutting off the equipment and cleaning up around the radio station ?	woman
19089	Once everything is packed up , the boy leaves and begins blowing kisses to the camera .	, who leaves and begins blowing kisses to the camera ?	boy
19090	A man dressed in black walks through a long hall in a palace .	who dressed in black walks through a long hall in a palace ?	man
19090	A man dressed in black walks through a long hall in a palace .	what is the color of the man ?	black
19091	Two men in dressed in white practice stretching and prepare for a fencing match while a coach dressed in black looks on with a butler in the rear stands by .	how many men in dressed in white practice stretching and prepare for a fencing match while a coach dressed in black looks on with a butler in the rear stands by ?	two
19091	Two men in dressed in white practice stretching and prepare for a fencing match while a coach dressed in black looks on with a butler in the rear stands by .	what is the color of the practice ?	white
19091	Two men in dressed in white practice stretching and prepare for a fencing match while a coach dressed in black looks on with a butler in the rear stands by .	what is the color of the looks ?	black
19092	The two men dressed in white put on their fencing masks and begin a fencing match .	how many men dressed in white put on their fencing masks and begin a fencing match ?	two
19092	The two men dressed in white put on their fencing masks and begin a fencing match .	what is the color of the put ?	white
19093	The coach dressed in black begins critiquing the two fencers and holds the tips of the swords in his hand .	who dressed in black begins critiquing the two fencers and holds the tips of the swords in his hand ?	coach
19093	The coach dressed in black begins critiquing the two fencers and holds the tips of the swords in his hand .	the coach dressed in black begins critiquing how many fencers and holds the tips of the swords in his hand ?	two
19093	The coach dressed in black begins critiquing the two fencers and holds the tips of the swords in his hand .	what is the color of the coach ?	black
19094	The coach turns and walks to the butler and begins conversing .	who turns and walks to the butler and begins conversing ?	coach
19095	A girl jumps onto a balance beam .	who jumps onto the balance beam ?	girl
19098	A woman is sitting down in a chair with a woman standing behind her .	who is sitting down in the chair with a woman standing behind her ?	woman
19099	The woman begins to brush the woman 's hair .	who begins to brush the woman 's hair ?	woman
19103	They are coordinating their steps and synchronizing their moves as they step on and off of the platform .	what are they coordinating and synchronizing their moves as they step on and off of the platform ?	steps
19105	After they 're done , they stop and raise remove the platforms .	what do , they raise remove ?	platforms
19106	An d for About dot com starts with a man in white speaking to the camera in front of a white background .	what is the color of the speaking ?	white
19106	An d for About dot com starts with a man in white speaking to the camera in front of a white background .	what is the color of the background ?	white
19108	A shot of a cyclist is shown and then it cuts back to the same man in white speaking .	what is the color of the speaking ?	white
19109	A woman is shown running and the man continues speaking about fitness tips .	who is shown running and the man continues speaking about fitness tips ?	woman
19109	A woman is shown running and the man continues speaking about fitness tips .	who is the woman shown and continues speaking about fitness tips ?	man
19110	A man with a blue shirt is outside walking up a stair case into a building .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
19111	As he walks in , he walks down a row of several bicycles and sets up a camera .	what does , he set up ?	camera
19112	The man then enters another room with three other males and they begin to unbox and assemble several bicycles together .	who then enters another room with three other males and they begin to unbox and assemble several bicycles together ?	man
19114	The bikes are finally finished and the man lifts it up to the camera and begins riding it down the sidewalk .	what are finally finished and the man lifts it up to the camera and begins riding it down the sidewalk ?	bicycles
19114	The bikes are finally finished and the man lifts it up to the camera and begins riding it down the sidewalk .	who are the bikes finally finished and lifts it up to the camera and begins riding it down the sidewalk ?	man
19115	A woman is dancing outside on the sidewalk .	who is dancing outside on the sidewalk ?	woman
19116	She grabs a baton and starts twirling it around .	what does she grab ?	baton
19119	A man is seen riding a camel that has a cart attached to the back with two passengers .	who is seen riding the camel that has a cart attached to the back with two passengers ?	man
19121	The man riding the camel smiles and waves to the camera .	who is riding the camel smiles and waves to the camera ?	man
19121	The man riding the camel smiles and waves to the camera .	the man riding what smiles and waves to the camera ?	camel
19123	A man walks down the path , then runs .	who walks down the path , then runs ?	man
19125	A group of people ice fish on an ice covered lake on an overcast day .	what did the group of people ice fish on an ice cover on an overcast day ?	lake
19126	A man walks on a snow covered lake and pulls a fish out of a fishing hole .	who walks on the snow covered lake and pulls a fish out of a fishing hole ?	man
19126	A man walks on a snow covered lake and pulls a fish out of a fishing hole .	what does the man pull out of a fishing hole ?	fish
19127	A woman and a man then run on the ice and pull another fish out of another hole in the lake .	what do the woman and a man then pull out of another hole in the lake ?	fish
19128	A third fish is pulled out of another hole in the ice and then thrown back into the hole .	what is pulled out of another hole in the ice and then thrown back into the hole ?	fish
19129	A man is sitting on a street .	who is sitting on the street ?	man
19130	He is playing an instrument next to an open instrument case .	what is he playing next to an open instrument case ?	instrument
19132	A boy watches as a semi truck drives through the desert .	who watches as the semi truck drives through the desert ?	boy
19133	A man puts on his helmet and pushes off into the river on a kayak .	who puts on his helmet and pushes off into the river on a kayak ?	man
19134	A man paddles on rapids and down a river on a kayak .	who paddles on rapids and down a river on a kayak ?	man
19135	A man fishes from a beach on the shore of a river .	who fishes from the beach on the shore of a river ?	man
19137	A man flips over on his kayak from being turned over in the water .	who flips over on his kayak from being turned over in the water ?	man
19139	A group of children take turns throwing orange and white balls in the net and running up to the net as well .	where do the group of children take turns throwing orange and white balls and running up to the net as well . ?	net
19140	The coaches trail them as they play , at time , trying to block the throws using the hands .	who trail them as they play , at time , trying to block the throws using the hands ?	coaches
19145	Someone throws a ball down it .	what does someone throw down it ?	ball
19146	A green ball gets through down after it .	what gets through down after it ?	ball
19146	A green ball gets through down after it .	what is the color of the ball ?	green
19147	The girl is shoot the arrow .	who is shoot the arrow ?	girl
19148	Five young people are shooting arrows .	how many young people are shooting arrows ?	five
19150	A person wearing a large , white suit is shown spraying down a fence with water .	what is the color of the suit ?	white
19152	A woman is laying down in a chair as a man with gloves works .	who is laying down in the chair as a man with gloves works ?	woman
19152	A woman is laying down in a chair as a man with gloves works .	where is the woman laying down as a man with gloves works . ?	chair
19153	He places clamps on various parts of her nose .	what does he place on various parts of her nose ?	clamps
19154	He then inserts a rod before creating a piercing .	what does he then insert before creating a piercing ?	rod
19155	A person in a green jacket walks around on the snow .	what is the color of the jacket ?	green
19156	A young girl lays in a tube on the snow .	who lays in the tube on the snow ?	girl
19159	An athletic man is seen standing ready in front of a large crowd and then runs down the track and jumps over a beam .	who is seen standing ready in front of a large crowd and then runs down the track and jumps over a beam ?	man
19160	The man celebrates with other people and his same jump is shown several times in slow motion .	who celebrates with other people and his same jump is shown several times in slow motion ?	man
19161	The man slows down and stops strumming and tapping on his guitar .	who slows down and stops strumming and tapping on his guitar ?	man
19162	A colorful screen appears and it displays a cartoon picture of a Pokemon standing outdoors near a tree while it 's snowing , and red words read `` Pokemon-Pallet-Town '' .	what is the color of the words ?	red
19163	The camera zooms in on several players and leads into a small group of people playing soccer against one another .	what zooms in on several players and leads into a small group of people playing soccer against one another ?	camera
19165	women are in a gymnastics competition doing high jumps in a roofed gym with a lot of people gathered around them watching them .	who are in the gymnastics competition doing high jumps in a roofed gym with a lot of people gathered around them watching them ?	women
19165	women are in a gymnastics competition doing high jumps in a roofed gym with a lot of people gathered around them watching them .	where are women in a gymnastics competition doing high jumps with a lot of people gathered around them watching them . ?	gym
19166	participants are on the podium receiveng thei medals .	who are on the podium receiveng thei medals ?	participants
19167	A man paints a fence as the man next to him waters the fence .	what the fence as the man next to him waters the fence ?	paints
19167	A man paints a fence as the man next to him waters the fence .	the man paints a fence as the man next to him waters what ?	fence
19175	A man is seen wearing boxing gloves and hitting a bag in the middle of a large room .	who is seen wearing boxing gloves and hitting a bag in the middle of a large room ?	man
19176	The man continues to hit the bag while several others are seen hitting bags in the background .	who continues to hit the bag while several others are seen hitting bags in the background ?	man
19177	He kicks and punches the bag and ends by walking towards the camera .	what does he kick and punches ?	bag
19180	A man standing in a yard and playing bagpipes .	who standing in a yard and playing bagpipes ?	man
19180	A man standing in a yard and playing bagpipes .	what is the man playing ?	bagpipes
19181	The man is taking deep breaths and moving the keys .	who is taking deep breaths and moving the keys ?	man
19181	The man is taking deep breaths and moving the keys .	what is the man taking deep breaths and moving ?	keys
19182	Two individuals play squash together in an indoor court .	how many individuals play squash together in an indoor court ?	two
19183	One of the individuals recovers the ball and serves .	what does one of the individuals recover ?	ball
19184	The same individual recovers the ball and serves again .	what does the same individual recover ?	ball
19186	A person rides a tube down a hill .	what does the person rid down a hill ?	tube
19187	We watch the people walking up the hill holding their tubes and watch people go down the hill .	what do we watch and go down the hill ?	people
19189	We see the ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19190	A girl stands by a counter with various food items placed out on the counter .	who stands by the counter with various food items placed out on the counter ?	girl
19191	She holds up the ingredients and instructs what you 'll need to make a sandwich .	what does she hold up ?	ingredients
19193	She spreads around the dressing and puts the other ingredients on the sandwich to finish .	what does she put on the sandwich to finish ?	ingredients
19196	Someone stirs cookie dough and puts cookies on a sheet .	what does someone stir ?	dough
19196	Someone stirs cookie dough and puts cookies on a sheet .	what does someone put on a sheet ?	cookies
19197	The cookies go into the oven and bake for 9 minutes , and a new batch is put in the oven .	what go into the oven and bake for 9 minutes , and a new batch is put in the oven ?	cookies
19197	The cookies go into the oven and bake for 9 minutes , and a new batch is put in the oven .	where do the cookies go into the oven and bake for 9 minutes , and a new batch is put . ?	oven
19198	The warm cookies are put on a cooling rack .	what are put on the cooling rack ?	cookies
19199	The person washes , and drys the silicone baking sheet .	what does the person dry ?	sheet
19200	They roll the baking sheet up and show us the finished cooling cookies .	what do they roll up ?	sheet
19201	A man is standing on an open field outdoors .	who is standing on an open field outdoors ?	man
19204	A camera is shown sitting on the side of a pool capturing bubble underneath .	what is shown sitting on the side of a pool capturing bubble underneath ?	camera
19205	More bubbles are shown followed by a man jumping in .	what are shown followed by the man jumping in ?	bubbles
19206	The man jumps all the way into the pool and the camera captures his movements .	who jumps all the way into the pool and the camera captures his movements ?	man
19206	The man jumps all the way into the pool and the camera captures his movements .	what does the man jump all the way into the pool and captures his movements ?	camera
19207	A ladder is leaning against a house .	what is leaning against the house ?	ladder
19209	A man is kneeling down in the dirt over a a silver bowl that is full of soap .	who is kneeling down in the dirt over a a silver bowl that is full of soap ?	man
19210	In the large bowl , he begins to move a white shirt as if he is washing it .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
19211	Finally , he stops and takes a hose to finish rinsing the water .	what does finally , he stop and takes ?	hose
19215	A man sits behind a drum set .	who sits behind the drum set ?	man
19216	The man starts playing the drum set .	who starts playing the drum set ?	man
19217	The man keeps playing the drums .	who keeps playing the drums ?	man
19218	There 's a man skiing down a very steep mountain slope .	who does there 's skiing down a very steep mountain slope ?	man
19219	The man is going down very fast and steadily while fully dressed in ski gear and goggles .	who is going down very fast and steadily while fully dressed in ski gear and goggles ?	man
19224	a girl wearing red hirt with her face is sitting on a living room and is reading tweets and talking about them .	who is wearing red hirt with her face is sitting on a living room and is reading tweets and talking about them ?	girl
19224	a girl wearing red hirt with her face is sitting on a living room and is reading tweets and talking about them .	what is the color of the hirt ?	red
19225	girl holds a small pumpkin and a knife and cut the pumpkin while talking .	who holds the small pumpkin and a knife and cut the pumpkin while talking ?	girl
19225	girl holds a small pumpkin and a knife and cut the pumpkin while talking .	what did girl cut while talking ?	pumpkin
19227	A woman is seen belly dancing on a large stage while people watch her on the side .	who is seen belly dancing on a large stage while people watch her on the side ?	woman
19229	The woman continues dancing and ends by holding a pose and flipping back her hair .	who continues dancing and ends by holding a pose and flipping back her hair ?	woman
19231	Several people watch on the sidelines as the game continues and a ref steps in to make a call .	who do several people watch on the sidelines and steps in to make a call ?	ref
19232	A person holds and pet a hairless cat .	what does the person hold and pet ?	cat
19234	A man is talking from behind a bar .	who is talking from behind the bar ?	man
19237	A person peels potatoes in a sink , suddenly a cat jumps to the bench to watch the woman .	what does the person peel potatoes in a sink , suddenly jumps to the bench to watch the woman ?	cat
19237	A person peels potatoes in a sink , suddenly a cat jumps to the bench to watch the woman .	where does the person peel potatoes , suddenly a cat jumps to the bench to watch the woman . ?	sink
19238	The cat touch the sink with his mouth and intend to pass to the other side of the sink but the woman prevents it .	what touch the sink with his mouth and intend to pass to the other side of the sink but the woman prevents it ?	cat
19238	The cat touch the sink with his mouth and intend to pass to the other side of the sink but the woman prevents it .	what do the cat touch with his mouth but the woman prevents it ?	sink
19238	The cat touch the sink with his mouth and intend to pass to the other side of the sink but the woman prevents it .	the cat touch the sink with his mouth and intend but who prevents it ?	woman
19240	After , the cat touch the potato peeler with a leg while the person continue peeling the potatoes .	what do after , touch the potato peeler with a leg while the person continue peeling the potatoes ?	cat
19241	A woman is lying on equipment in a gym .	who is lying on equipment in a gym ?	woman
19244	A guy holds a light cloth .	who holds the light cloth ?	guy
19244	A guy holds a light cloth .	what does the guy hold ?	cloth
19245	A guy gets a white basin from beneath the sink and fills it with water in a sink .	who gets the white basin from beneath the sink and fills it with water in a sink ?	guy
19245	A guy gets a white basin from beneath the sink and fills it with water in a sink .	what does the guy get from beneath the sink ?	basin
19245	A guy gets a white basin from beneath the sink and fills it with water in a sink .	what is the color of the basin ?	white
19246	The guy puts down the light cloth and adds dish soap to the basin .	who puts down the light cloth and adds dish soap to the basin ?	guy
19246	The guy puts down the light cloth and adds dish soap to the basin .	what does the guy add to the basin ?	soap
19247	The guy gets a rack from beneath the sink and places it on the counter top .	who gets the rack from beneath the sink and places it on the counter top ?	guy
19247	The guy gets a rack from beneath the sink and places it on the counter top .	what does the guy get from beneath the sink ?	rack
19248	The guy adds utensils and a dish to the white basin and washes them with a red rug .	who adds utensils and a dish to the white basin and washes them with a red rug ?	guy
19248	The guy adds utensils and a dish to the white basin and washes them with a red rug .	what is the color of the basin ?	white
19248	The guy adds utensils and a dish to the white basin and washes them with a red rug .	what is the color of the rug ?	red
19249	A boy watches from behind .	who watches from behind ?	boy
19250	The guy rinses the dishes and puts them in a rack .	who rinses the dishes and puts them in a rack ?	guy
19250	The guy rinses the dishes and puts them in a rack .	what does the guy rinse ?	dishes
19250	The guy rinses the dishes and puts them in a rack .	where does the guy put them . ?	rack
19251	The guy dries the dish with the light cloth .	who dries the dish with the light cloth ?	guy
19252	A man in white shirt and orange helmet is trimming the burned hedges .	what is the man in white shirt and orange helmet trimming ?	hedges
19253	A person in a protective white suit and goggles sprays a surface with purple paint using a spray gun in a room with white walls and floors .	what did the person in a protective white suit and goggles spray with purple paint ?	surface
19253	A person in a protective white suit and goggles sprays a surface with purple paint using a spray gun in a room with white walls and floors .	what is the color of the suit ?	white
19253	A person in a protective white suit and goggles sprays a surface with purple paint using a spray gun in a room with white walls and floors .	what is the color of the paint ?	purple
19254	The person then spins the surface around on a spinning table and paints the sides .	what does the person then spin around on a spinning table ?	surface
19255	The finishes matte product is shown , dried , in the plain white room where the painting happened .	what is shown , dried , in the plain white room where the painting happened ?	product
19256	People are playing pool in a room .	where are people playing pool . ?	room
19257	A man shoots at the ball and makes it into the pocket .	who shoots at the ball and makes it into the pocket ?	man
19260	There 's a young girl dressed in a blue tank top and black tights demonstrating the proper way to do planks and crunches .	who does there 's dressed in a blue tank top and black tights demonstrating the proper way to do planks and crunches ?	girl
19260	There 's a young girl dressed in a blue tank top and black tights demonstrating the proper way to do planks and crunches .	what is the color of the top ?	blue
19260	There 's a young girl dressed in a blue tank top and black tights demonstrating the proper way to do planks and crunches .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
19261	She is laying on a blue Yoga mat as she does crunches .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
19263	Several clips are shown of people lifting heavy weights as well as jumping on a track .	what are shown of people lifting heavy weights as well as jumping on a track ?	clips
19266	An athlete in black shirt gives instructions for a practice drill while standing on a large sporting field .	what does an athlete in black shirt give instructions for a practice while standing on a large sporting field ?	drill
19266	An athlete in black shirt gives instructions for a practice drill while standing on a large sporting field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
19267	The man sets up for an exercise and squats up and down for practice .	who sets up for an exercise and squats up and down for practice ?	man
19268	The man jumps multiple times and goes further each jump .	who jumps multiple times and goes further each jump ?	man
19269	The man bends down and touches the ground while twisting .	who bends down and touches the ground while twisting ?	man
19270	The man gives more instructions on a practice run while giving hand gestures .	who gives more instructions on a practice run while giving hand gestures ?	man
19271	The man sets up on the edge of a line and jumps with one foot , then repeats .	who sets up on the edge of a line and jumps with one foot , then repeats ?	man
19272	The man gives a final set of instructions while breathing heavy .	who gives the final set of instructions while breathing heavy ?	man
19274	An arrow graphic is seen and title text .	what is seen and title text ?	graphic
19275	A woman stands on a dark lit room holding an accordion and demonstrating how to play it .	who stands on the dark lit room holding an accordion and demonstrating how to play it ?	woman
19276	The woman begins to play a song pressing in the keys .	who begins to play the song pressing in the keys ?	woman
19278	The woman finishes and closes the accordion .	who finishes and closes the accordion ?	woman
19278	The woman finishes and closes the accordion .	what does the woman finish and closes ?	accordion
19279	A girl is nervous on the edge of a diviing board .	who is nervous on the edge of a diviing board ?	girl
19284	A man is indoors , as he picks a frisbee off the ground .	who is indoors , as he picks a frisbee off the ground ?	man
19286	The dog runs off screen and brings back the frisbees .	what runs off screen and brings back the frisbees ?	dog
19286	The dog runs off screen and brings back the frisbees .	what does the dog run off ?	screen
19286	The dog runs off screen and brings back the frisbees .	what does the dog bring back ?	frisbees
19288	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him laying up wallpaper on the wall .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him laying up wallpaper on the wall ?	man
19290	Two couples play badminton in a court .	how many couples play badminton in a court ?	two
19291	A man enter in the court and goes to sit left the court with other person .	who enter in the court and goes to sit left the court with other person ?	man
19292	A dog is sitting on an orange couch .	what is sitting on an orange couch ?	dog
19292	A dog is sitting on an orange couch .	what is the color of the couch ?	orange
19293	A dog is sitting in a bath tub getting a bath .	what is sitting in the bath tub getting a bath ?	dog
19293	A dog is sitting in a bath tub getting a bath .	where is the dog sitting getting a bath . ?	tub
19294	A person is drying the dog with a towel .	what is the person drying with a towel ?	dog
19295	The dog is getting blow dried with a hair dryer .	what is getting blow dried with a hair dryer ?	dog
19298	A man is working on a white rooftop with one of the Weldy tools .	who is working on the white rooftop with one of the weldy tools ?	man
19298	A man is working on a white rooftop with one of the Weldy tools .	what is the color of the rooftop ?	white
19300	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while turning on a faucet .	who is seen speaking to the camera while turning on a faucet ?	woman
19301	She then pumps soap off and scrubs her hands .	she then pumps what off ?	soap
19303	A woman is using polish in a container to polish a black shoe .	who is using polish in a container to polish a black shoe ?	woman
19303	A woman is using polish in a container to polish a black shoe .	what is the color of the shoe ?	black
19306	There is a lady dog trainer dressed in a blue hoodie playing with a black and white dog in a park .	who is there dressed in a blue hoodie playing with a black and white dog in a park ?	trainer
19306	There is a lady dog trainer dressed in a blue hoodie playing with a black and white dog in a park .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	blue
19308	The dog runs every time she throws the Frisbee at a distance and fetches it for her .	what runs every time she throws the frisbee at a distance and fetches it for her ?	dog
19312	The same lady is now wearing an orange shirt and is throwing the Frisbee to the dog .	who is now wearing an orange shirt and is throwing the frisbee to the dog ?	lady
19312	The same lady is now wearing an orange shirt and is throwing the Frisbee to the dog .	what is the same lady now wearing ?	shirt
19312	The same lady is now wearing an orange shirt and is throwing the Frisbee to the dog .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
19313	The dog continues to jump and catch the Frisbee in his mouth .	what continues to jump and catch the frisbee in his mouth ?	dog
19314	A young boy is standing outside watching another person play their bag pipes .	who is standing outside watching another person play their bag pipes ?	boy
19315	Several people walk by and a lady stops and throws money into the person 's case .	who do several people walk by and stops and throws money into the person 's case ?	lady
19315	Several people walk by and a lady stops and throws money into the person 's case .	what do several people walk by and a lady stops and throws into the person 's case ?	money
19316	A man is seen bending forward and holding onto a set of weights while gripping tightly .	who is seen bending forward and holding onto the set of weights while gripping tightly ?	man
19317	The man then lifts the weight over his end and throws it down in the end .	who then lifts the weight over his end and throws it down in the end ?	man
19318	Two young friends are together on a sandy beach .	who are together on the sandy beach ?	friends
19318	Two young friends are together on a sandy beach .	how many young friends are together on the sandy beach ?	two
19319	First the girl on the right speaks , and then her friend in a purple t-shirt speaks next .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	purple
19323	Various clips are shown of people riding around on bikes as well as sitting on bikes ready to race .	what are shown of people riding around on bikes as well as sitting on bikes ready to race ?	clips
19324	Several clips are shown of people up close as well as them riding around on bikes .	what are shown of people up close as well as them riding around on bikes ?	clips
19325	A man puts a wood upright on a tree stump .	who puts the wood upright on a tree stump ?	man
19326	A guy is splitting wood into halves .	who is splitting wood into halves ?	guy
19327	A guy repeatedly tries to cut a wood .	who repeatedly tries to cut the wood ?	guy
19329	A ball flies through he air on a baseball field .	what flies through he air on a baseball field ?	ball
19331	The runner stops on the home base and turns around .	who stops on the home base and turns around ?	runner
19337	A man in blue shirt is brushing a paint to an airplane model , then he paint a different color to make the plane looks like a camouflage .	what is the man in blue shirt brushing to an airplane model , then he paint a different color to make the plane looks like a camouflage ?	paint
19337	A man in blue shirt is brushing a paint to an airplane model , then he paint a different color to make the plane looks like a camouflage .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
19338	A man is sitting next to several small trees .	who is sitting next to several small trees ?	man
19338	A man is sitting next to several small trees .	what is the man sitting ?	trees
19341	We see a black title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19341	We see a black title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
19342	We see are driving down the street then we see the man in the car .	where do we see are driving down the street then we see the man . ?	car
19343	The man gets out and grabs flat tire supplies .	who gets out and grabs flat tire supplies ?	man
19343	The man gets out and grabs flat tire supplies .	what does the man grab ?	supplies
19344	The man sits in the car and thinks about how to change a tire .	who sits in the car and thinks about how to change a tire ?	man
19344	The man sits in the car and thinks about how to change a tire .	where does the man sit . ?	car
19345	The guy loosens bolts , jacks the car up and takes off the flat .	who loosens bolts , jacks the car up and takes off the flat ?	guy
19345	The guy loosens bolts , jacks the car up and takes off the flat .	what does the guy jack up ?	car
19346	The guy then puts the spare tire on the car .	who then puts the spare tire on the car ?	guy
19348	The man puts the spare tire in the car and gets in the car .	who puts the spare tire in the car and gets in the car ?	man
19348	The man puts the spare tire in the car and gets in the car .	what does the man put in the car ?	tire
19348	The man puts the spare tire in the car and gets in the car .	where does the man put the spare tire . ?	car
19350	The man makes a u-turn and leaves .	who makes the u-turn and leaves ?	man
19352	A man water skiis at a river .	who skiis at the river ?	water
19353	A long haired man operates a boat and the boat drags a man water skiing across the water .	who operates the boat and the boat drags a man water skiing across the water ?	man
19355	A guy holding onto a rope attached to a boat water skiis .	who is holding onto a rope attached to a boat water skiis ?	guy
19359	A small child is seen standing on a trampoline and throwing a ball off into the distance .	who is seen standing on the trampoline and throwing a ball off into the distance ?	child
19360	More kids are seen picking up balls and throwing them to the other side .	who are seen picking up balls and throwing them to the other side ?	kids
19361	More kids are seen throwing balls and playing dodgeball with one another .	who are seen throwing balls and playing dodgeball with one another ?	kids
19363	More clips are shown of people getting ready on land as well as swimming around the ocean .	what are shown of people getting ready on land as well as swimming around the ocean ?	clips
19364	A small dog is seen standing in snow and a person pushing snow with a shovel .	what is seen standing in snow and a person pushing snow with a shovel ?	dog
19365	The dog follows the person shoveling while biting at the shovel and barking at the camera man .	what follows the person shoveling while biting at the shovel and barking at the camera man ?	dog
19369	They knock a man onto the ground .	who do they knock onto the ground ?	man
19371	A man wears a welding helmet and holds a rod .	who wears the welding helmet and holds a rod ?	man
19371	A man wears a welding helmet and holds a rod .	what does the man wear welding ?	helmet
19371	A man wears a welding helmet and holds a rod .	what does the man hold ?	rod
19372	Then , the man use the road to held a piece of metal on the floor .	who do then , use the road to held a piece of metal on the floor ?	man
19372	Then , the man use the road to held a piece of metal on the floor .	what do then , the man use ?	road
19374	A boy joins her and they eat ice cream .	who joins her and they eat ice cream ?	boy
19375	The boy puts his cone in front of the camera .	who puts his cone in front of the camera ?	boy
19375	The boy puts his cone in front of the camera .	what does the boy put in front of the camera ?	cone
19376	The boy licks his ice cream wildly .	who licks his ice cream wildly ?	boy
19377	A boy throws something at the boy with ice cream .	who throws something at the boy with ice cream ?	boy
19378	A gymnast is seen standing ready and holding her arms up that lead into her climbing on a beam and performing a gymnastics routine on the beam .	who is seen standing ready and holding her arms up that lead into her climbing on a beam and performing a gymnastics routine on the beam ?	gymnast
19379	The girl performs several jumps and tricks that ends with her jumping into a mat and holding her arms up .	who performs several jumps and tricks that ends with her jumping into a mat and holding her arms up ?	girl
19380	Two men are seen standing around a room and begin hitting a ball while others watch .	how many men are seen standing around the room and begin hitting a ball while others watch ?	two
19381	More men appear in the room and are seen chasing around a tennis ball and hitting it .	where do more men appear . ?	room
19382	A man is seen speaking into a microphone with another man on stage .	who is seen speaking into the microphone with another man on stage ?	man
19383	One man then leads into playing harmonica on the stage while others watch on the side .	who then leads into playing harmonica on the stage while others watch on the side ?	man
19383	One man then leads into playing harmonica on the stage while others watch on the side .	how many man then leads into playing harmonica on the stage while others watch on the side ?	one
19384	The man continues playing while others walk in and out of frame as well as play .	who continues playing while others walk in and out of frame as well as play ?	man
19385	Skiers walk and stand on skis at the bottom of the hill at of a ski resort .	who walk and stand on skis at the bottom of the hill at of a ski resort ?	skiers
19388	A group hangs onto a tow rope on inter tubes and throws snowballs .	what does the group throw ?	snowballs
19389	A man plays a song on an acoustic guitar in a studio .	who plays the song on an acoustic guitar in a studio ?	man
19390	The man resets his hands and finishes the song .	who resets his hands and finishes the song ?	man
19391	A woman walks through a snowy parking lot , looking for her car .	who walks through the snowy parking lot , looking for her car ?	woman
19394	Two teams playing throwing balls to hit an opponent .	how many teams is playing throwing balls to hit an opponent ?	two
19395	The players hold two balls and throw each other to hit and opponent .	what do the players hold ?	balls
19395	The players hold two balls and throw each other to hit and opponent .	how many balls do the players hold ?	two
19396	A boy holding a ball throw to another player and the opponents also throws ball .	who is holding a ball throw to another player and the opponents also throws ball ?	boy
19396	A boy holding a ball throw to another player and the opponents also throws ball .	what is the boy holding also throws ?	ball
19398	A man walks through the bottom of the frame .	who walks through the bottom of the frame ?	man
19399	The cheerleaders finish , and a group of younger cheerleaders replace them .	who finish , and the group of younger cheerleaders replace them ?	cheerleaders
19400	A woman in a purple dress is seated , speaking to the camera .	what is the color of the dress ?	purple
19403	Three individuals sit on stage and have a conversation .	how many individuals sit on stage and have a conversation ?	three
19404	Two boys dance in the same fashion .	how many boys dance in the same fashion ?	two
19406	The man cover his face with his hand .	who cover his face with his hand ?	man
19408	This man gets off his seat and knees .	who gets off his seat and knees ?	man
19409	The man gets of his knees and sits back down .	who gets of his knees and sits back down ?	man
19411	The man claps his hands together .	who claps his hands together ?	man
19414	The two boy dancers are shown extending one hand .	who are shown extending one hand ?	dancers
19414	The two boy dancers are shown extending one hand .	how many boy dancers are shown extending one hand ?	two
19415	A man walks from backstage .	who walks from backstage ?	man
19416	The man shake hands and hugs one of the man on stage .	who shake hands and hugs one of the man on stage ?	man
19417	The female stands and also hugs the man .	the female also hugs who ?	man
19418	A man stand and then sits .	who stand and then sits ?	man
19419	The man in a black suit dances and then sits .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
19420	The man in a brown suit returns to the backstage area .	what is the color of the suit ?	brown
19421	The man is shown while backstage .	who is shown while backstage ?	man
19423	A young man in a black shirt hits a small ball against the wall .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
19424	A man in a red shirt hands the ball to him with his racket .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
19425	The young man hits the ball against the wall again .	who hits the ball against the wall again ?	man
19427	The young man in the black shirt hands the ball to the man in the red shirt .	what does the young man in the black shirt hand to the man in the red shirt ?	ball
19427	The young man in the black shirt hands the ball to the man in the red shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
19427	The young man in the black shirt hands the ball to the man in the red shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
19428	The man in the red shirt hits the ball against the wall .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
19430	team wearing yellow uniform are running in a field .	team wearing what are running in a field ?	uniform
19430	team wearing yellow uniform are running in a field .	what is the color of the uniform ?	yellow
19431	photographers are standing in he ield taking pictures of the yellow and blue team .	who are standing in he ield taking pictures of the yellow and blue team ?	photographers
19433	The lady picks up a brush and scissors .	who picks up the brush and scissors ?	lady
19435	She brushes the dogs right leg .	what does she brush ?	leg
19439	She brushes his paw again .	what does she brush again ?	paw
19443	Fade to black , and the credits occur .	what is the color of the credits ?	black
19444	A lady looks behind her with delight .	who looks behind her with delight ?	lady
19445	The lady plays a black piano .	who plays the black piano ?	lady
19445	The lady plays a black piano .	what does the lady play ?	piano
19445	The lady plays a black piano .	what is the color of the piano ?	black
19446	The lady looks to her side .	who looks to her side ?	lady
19448	The demonstration begins and it shows someone is sponge painting various colors onto a long white painted nail .	what is the color of the nail ?	white
19449	A black paint bottle is shown then the person paints a thin black line unto the sparkly and multi colored nail and paints them in the pattern of zebra stripes .	what is shown then the person paints a thin black line unto the sparkly and multi colored nail and paints them in the pattern of zebra stripes ?	bottle
19449	A black paint bottle is shown then the person paints a thin black line unto the sparkly and multi colored nail and paints them in the pattern of zebra stripes .	what is the color of the bottle ?	black
19449	A black paint bottle is shown then the person paints a thin black line unto the sparkly and multi colored nail and paints them in the pattern of zebra stripes .	what is the color of the unto ?	black
19450	A colorful screen along with colorful text appears and it has instructions to `` Finish with topcoat And now you 're an invincible Nyan Zebra !! '' .	what along with colorful text appears and it has instructions to `` finish with topcoat and now you 're an invincible nyan zebra !! '' ?	screen
19455	Two men in a canoe sail near the bank of the river , but then sail in the river .	how many men in a canoe sail near the bank of the river , but then sail in the river ?	two
19457	The two men cross a person alone in a canoe .	how many men cross the person alone in a canoe ?	two
19461	A man is holding a fishing pole over an ice fishing hole .	who is holding the fishing pole over an ice fishing hole ?	man
19465	He removes his gloves and gets to his knees and back up as he tries to pull the line out of the hole repeatedly .	what does he remove ?	gloves
19468	They are slowly moving the shaver up their chin .	who are they slowly moving up their chin ?	shaver
19470	A young girl is showing sitting on a floor talking to the camera and pretending to iron .	who is showing sitting on the floor talking to the camera and pretending to iron ?	girl
19472	She flips over the shirt to continue ironing and looks off into the distance .	what does she flip over ?	shirt
19473	Two kids are seen sitting in a bath tub with one holding a bucket and the holding smiling and laughing .	who are seen sitting in the bath tub with one holding a bucket and the holding smiling and laughing ?	kids
19473	Two kids are seen sitting in a bath tub with one holding a bucket and the holding smiling and laughing .	how many kids are seen sitting in the bath tub with one holding a bucket and the holding smiling and laughing ?	two
19474	The boy pours the bucket over his face and a hand gives him a towel while the girl also splashes her face .	who pours the bucket over his face and a hand gives him a towel while the girl also splashes her face ?	boy
19474	The boy pours the bucket over his face and a hand gives him a towel while the girl also splashes her face .	what does the boy pour the bucket over his face and a hand gives him ?	towel
19476	A gold ornament is shown hanging from a christmas tree .	what is shown hanging from the christmas tree ?	ornament
19477	Two women are on the floor , wrapping presents .	who are on the floor , wrapping presents ?	women
19477	Two women are on the floor , wrapping presents .	how many women are on the floor , wrapping presents ?	two
19480	A young boy wearing sunglasses is shown pushing a long a lawn mower across a lawn .	who is wearing sunglasses is shown pushing a long a lawn mower across a lawn ?	boy
19480	A young boy wearing sunglasses is shown pushing a long a lawn mower across a lawn .	the young boy wearing what is shown pushing a long a lawn mower across a lawn ?	sunglasses
19481	The camera continuously follows him as he moves back and fourth with the mower on the lawn .	what continuously follows him as he moves back and fourth with the mower on the lawn ?	camera
19483	A woman is seen pushing a lawn mower along some tall grass while moving back and fourth .	who is seen pushing the lawn mower along some tall grass while moving back and fourth ?	woman
19484	The woman continues pushing the machine around the yard and turns her back towards the camera to mow the back .	who continues pushing the machine around the yard and turns her back towards the camera to mow the back ?	woman
19488	An old lady knits with a red needle and red wool .	who knits with the red needle and red wool ?	lady
19488	An old lady knits with a red needle and red wool .	what is the color of the needle ?	red
19488	An old lady knits with a red needle and red wool .	what is the color of the wool ?	red
19489	An old lady stops knitting and talks continuously .	who stops knitting and talks continuously ?	lady
19490	The old lady knits again and examines her creation .	who knits again and examines her creation ?	lady
19491	A little girl sled in an inflatable boat hold to a string on front a man , suddenly she falls in a hollow .	where do the little girl sled hold to a string on front a man , suddenly she falls in a hollow . ?	boat
19492	People carry sled boats and the little girl is in a sled boat .	where do people carry sled boats and the little girl is . ?	boat
19493	After a group of people sled do down the hill until meet other persons .	what do after the group of people do down the hill until meet other persons ?	sled
19494	A young girl is applying sunscreen to her face .	who is applying sunscreen to her face ?	girl
19494	A young girl is applying sunscreen to her face .	what is the young girl applying to her face ?	sunscreen
19495	A beach is crowded with people while a motoroboat speeds across the water .	what is crowded with people while a motoroboat speeds across the water ?	beach
19497	People apply sunblock to each other outdoors .	what do people apply to each other outdoors ?	sunblock
19498	A girl names Ashley dressed in all purple walks up slowly , then it turns to nature view of dirt and flowers .	who dressed in all purple walks up slowly , then it turns to nature view of dirt and flowers ?	names
19498	A girl names Ashley dressed in all purple walks up slowly , then it turns to nature view of dirt and flowers .	what is the color of the ashley ?	purple
19499	Ashley comes out getting dressed in her motor cross gear and slowly walks her bike out .	ashley slowly walks what out ?	bicycle
19503	A man draws a face on a pumpkin .	who draws the face on a pumpkin ?	man
19504	A man then carves a pumpkin into a snarling old man .	who then carves the pumpkin into a snarling old man ?	man
19504	A man then carves a pumpkin into a snarling old man .	what does the man then carve into a snarling old man ?	pumpkin
19505	The man takes an image of the pumpkin with a phone .	who takes an image of the pumpkin with a phone ?	man
19506	The man tilts the pumpkin back into the light .	who tilts the pumpkin back into the light ?	man
19506	The man tilts the pumpkin back into the light .	what does the man tilt back into the light ?	pumpkin
19508	We see the ending screen with a website .	what do we see with a website ?	screen
19509	A man is about to do an arm wrestling match with an older gentlemen .	who is about to do an arm wrestling match with an older gentlemen ?	man
19510	The older man is struggling from the faces that he is making .	who is struggling from the faces that he is making ?	man
19511	The camera 's are getting all in their faces basically .	what are getting all in their faces basically ?	camera
19512	The older man wins the match and the referees and everyone start to talk .	who wins the match and the referees and everyone start to talk ?	man
19513	A woman is sitting at a desk .	who is sitting at the desk ?	woman
19514	A man sitting in front of her is playing a harmonica .	who is sitting in front of her is playing a harmonica ?	man
19514	A man sitting in front of her is playing a harmonica .	what is the man sitting in front of her is playing ?	harmonica
19515	The woman is playing with her hair .	who is playing with her hair ?	woman
19517	People sit around a track and leads into small children performing several long jumps .	what do people sit around ?	track
19518	An older man announces awards in the end and the winners stand by and get their ribbons .	who announces awards in the end and the winners stand by and get their ribbons ?	man
19519	A woman is seen walking down a set of stairs and begins performing a routine in front of a large audience .	who is seen walking down the set of stairs and begins performing a routine in front of a large audience ?	woman
19520	The woman continues dancing around the stage while a group of people play instruments behind her .	who continues dancing around the stage while a group of people play instruments behind her ?	woman
19521	cleaning materials sit next to a double sink , then a person puts a bottle with blue liquid next to the cleaning materials .	what is the color of the materials ?	blue
19522	After , the person pours a little bit of blue liquid in the sink and scrubs the sinks with a sponge .	what does after , the person scrub with a sponge ?	sinks
19522	After , the person pours a little bit of blue liquid in the sink and scrubs the sinks with a sponge .	what is the color of the liquid ?	blue
19522	After , the person pours a little bit of blue liquid in the sink and scrubs the sinks with a sponge .	where does after , the person pour a little bit of blue liquid . ?	sink
19523	After , the person rinse the sinks with water and dries with a cloth .	what did after , the person rinse with water and dries with a cloth ?	sinks
19524	A camera pans all around a frozen lake with trees and leads into a group of people fishing around a hole .	what pans all around a frozen lake with trees and leads into a group of people fishing around a hole ?	camera
19526	A man is skating on an indoor rink with a sweeper as people watch .	who is skating on an indoor rink with a sweeper as people watch ?	man
19527	He cleans the floor as people try to talk to him .	what does he clean ?	floor
19528	A man falls and slides , and another grabs him in a fight .	who falls and slides , and another grabs him in a fight ?	man
19531	A gate opens and a calf runs out closely followed by a man on a horse .	what opens and the calf runs out closely followed by a man on a horse ?	gate
19531	A gate opens and a calf runs out closely followed by a man on a horse .	what does the gate open and runs out closely followed by a man on a horse ?	calf
19532	The man on the horse throws a lasso around the calf 's neck yanking the calf back to land on it 's back .	who does the man on the horse throw around the calf 's neck yanking the calf back to land on it 's back ?	lasso
19533	The man jumps from his horse and runs over and ties up the calf .	who jumps from his horse and runs over and ties up the calf ?	man
19533	The man jumps from his horse and runs over and ties up the calf .	the man runs over and ties up what ?	calf
19534	The man gets up and walks back to get on his horse .	who gets up and walks back to get on his horse ?	man
19539	Two people are seen performing various kicks and tricks around one another while a large group of people watch on the sides .	how many people are seen performing various kicks and tricks around one another while a large group of people watch on the sides ?	two
19541	A gymnast is seen rubbing his hands together and walks over to a set of uneven bars and raises his hands up .	who is seen rubbing his hands together and walks over to a set of uneven bars and raises his hands up ?	gymnast
19542	The man performs a routine on the bars while hundreds of people watch on the sidelines .	who performs the routine on the bars while hundreds of people watch on the sidelines ?	man
19544	A man walks across a rope suspended between two mountains high in the air using his arms for balance .	who walks across the rope suspended between two mountains high in the air using his arms for balance ?	man
19545	The man then is able to hoist himself back enough on the rope to sit on it with the rope between his legs .	who then is able to hoist himself back enough on the rope to sit on it with the rope between his legs ?	man
19547	Several more clips are shown of people riding snowboards and performing tricks on a board .	what are shown of people riding snowboards and performing tricks on a board ?	clips
19551	A dog appears , as people continue to bustle .	what appears , as people continue to bustle ?	dog
19552	A man is seen waxing a set of skis while looking back to speak to the camera .	who is seen waxing the set of skis while looking back to speak to the camera ?	man
19553	The man continues moving his arms up and down the skis while looking up to speak at the camera every once and a while .	who continues moving his arms up and down the skis while looking up to speak at the camera every once and a while ?	man
19554	Carved pepper jack-o-lanterns are seen prepared .	what are seen prepared ?	jack-o-lanterns
19555	A woman uses a knife to carve out the center and facial features of a bell pepper then places in a dish .	who uses the knife to carve out the center and facial features of a bell pepper then places in a dish ?	woman
19555	A woman uses a knife to carve out the center and facial features of a bell pepper then places in a dish .	what does the woman use and facial features of a bell pepper then places in a dish ?	knife
19555	A woman uses a knife to carve out the center and facial features of a bell pepper then places in a dish .	where does the woman use a knife to carve out the center and facial features of a bell pepper then places . ?	dish
19556	The woman adds chopped vegetables , salsa , and eggs to a large bowl .	who adds chopped vegetables , salsa , and eggs to a large bowl ?	woman
19557	The woman uses a spatula to mix everything together .	who uses the spatula to mix everything together ?	woman
19557	The woman uses a spatula to mix everything together .	what does the woman use ?	spatula
19558	A spoon is used to add ingredients into the hollow bell peppers .	what is used to add ingredients into the hollow bell peppers ?	spoon
19560	The bell peppers are removed from the dish and put on a plate .	what are removed from the dish and put on a plate ?	peppers
19561	the finished bell peppers are seen on the cutting board .	what are seen on the cutting board ?	peppers
19562	A woman adds ingredients to a casserole dish .	who adds ingredients to a casserole dish ?	woman
19562	A woman adds ingredients to a casserole dish .	what does the woman add to a casserole dish ?	ingredients
19564	The owner then comes along and begins to talk as the video goes over the materials each person will need .	who then comes along and begins to talk as the video goes over the materials each person will need ?	owner
19565	After , three girls are shown standing in a straddle position and begins to clap and lunge with their right hand to the side and go down .	after , who are shown standing in the straddle position and begins to clap and lunge with their right hand to the side and go down ?	girls
19565	After , three girls are shown standing in a straddle position and begins to clap and lunge with their right hand to the side and go down .	after , how many girls are shown standing in the straddle position and begins to clap and lunge with their right hand to the side and go down ?	three
19566	The girls continue to do the cheer and when they are done , the owner joins in .	who continue to do the cheer and when they are done , the owner joins in ?	girls
19566	The girls continue to do the cheer and when they are done , the owner joins in .	who do the girls continue and , joins in ?	owner
19567	Once the coach disappears , the girls continue the cheer and the video ends .	who do , continue the cheer and the video ends ?	girls
19573	The lady finishes her dance , stops and bows .	who finishes her dance , stops and bows ?	lady
19574	Three people are standing outside under a very large concrete gazebo and briefly the white word `` MARANHAO '' is on the right side of the screen .	how many people are standing outside under the very large concrete gazebo ?	three
19574	Three people are standing outside under a very large concrete gazebo and briefly the white word `` MARANHAO '' is on the right side of the screen .	what is the color of the maranhao ?	white
19576	This man is shown lifting a very heavy weight in the beginning of the video .	who is shown lifting the very heavy weight in the beginning of the video ?	man
19577	Then another man does the same thing and he lifts it successfully .	who does then do the same thing and he lifts it successfully ?	man
19580	We see a gym filled with people watching as people jump rope .	what do we see filled with people watching as people jump rope ?	gym
19585	We then see the blue ending screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
19585	We then see the blue ending screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
19586	The woman introduces herself in the beginning of the video and then different pictures are shown .	who introduces herself in the beginning of the video and then different pictures are shown ?	woman
19586	The woman introduces herself in the beginning of the video and then different pictures are shown .	what does the woman introduce herself in the beginning of the video and then are shown ?	pictures
19587	She also talks about the fun you can have in Chicago and her big production of being the black widow .	what is the color of the widow ?	black
19588	The man in dark blue shirt is kneeling with one knee .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
19589	The man is dribbling the blue ball .	who is dribbling the blue ball ?	man
19589	The man is dribbling the blue ball .	what is the man dribbling ?	ball
19589	The man is dribbling the blue ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
19590	The man is dribbling the ball on his side .	who is dribbling the ball on his side ?	man
19591	Several pictures are shown in the beginning of old roofs as well as new roofs and people working on top of these roofs .	what are shown in the beginning of old roofs as well as new roofs and people working on top of these roofs ?	pictures
19593	A gymnast is performing on the bars while a crowds is watching .	who is performing on the bars while a crowds is watching ?	gymnast
19594	At the end , the gymnast flips around the bars and jump on the mattress .	who does at the end , flip around the bars and jump on the mattress ?	gymnast
19597	Two men are seated in a room in front of a robotic arm .	how many men are seated in the room in front of a robotic arm ?	two
19598	One of the men is using a controller to make the arm pick up a bottle .	who is one of the men using ?	controller
19599	The arm brings the bottle to the man 's face , so he can take a drink .	what does the arm bring to the man 's face , so he can take a drink ?	bottle
19600	Then the robot returns the bottle to the table .	what does then return the bottle to the table ?	robot
19600	Then the robot returns the bottle to the table .	what does then the robot return to the table ?	bottle
19601	A person holds a ring in a small box .	where does the person hold a ring . ?	box
19602	Then , the man wraps the box with gift paper .	who does then , wrap the box with gift paper ?	man
19603	After , the man tries to find the end of a scotch tape roll , but he can not find it .	who does after , try to find the end of a scotch tape roll , but he can not find it ?	man
19604	The man cuts the excess of paper and put take on the gift .	who cuts the excess of paper and put take on the gift ?	man
19605	Four men perform a wrestling stunt in costume while standing on an elevated , lit , stage in front of a seated audience .	how many men perform the wrestling stunt in costume while standing on an elevated , lit , stage in front of a seated audience ?	four
19606	Two men in black lift one man in a blue shiny outfit , up , on their shoulders .	how many men in black lift one man in a blue shiny outfit , up , on their shoulders ?	two
19606	Two men in black lift one man in a blue shiny outfit , up , on their shoulders .	what is the color of the men ?	black
19606	Two men in black lift one man in a blue shiny outfit , up , on their shoulders .	what is the color of the outfit ?	blue
19607	The two men in black place the man in blue 's legs around the neck of another man , the biggest man on the stage , who is also dressed in black .	how many men in black place the man in blue 's legs around the neck of another man , the biggest man on the stage , who is also dressed in black ?	two
19607	The two men in black place the man in blue 's legs around the neck of another man , the biggest man on the stage , who is also dressed in black .	what is the color of the men ?	black
19607	The two men in black place the man in blue 's legs around the neck of another man , the biggest man on the stage , who is also dressed in black .	what is the color of the stage ?	black
19608	There are two teams playing volley ball in an indoor stadium in front of a large number of spectators .	there are two teams playing what in an indoor stadium in front of a large number of spectators ?	ball
19608	There are two teams playing volley ball in an indoor stadium in front of a large number of spectators .	how many teams are there playing volley ball in an indoor stadium in front of a large number of spectators ?	two
19609	The green and yellow team is playing against the red team .	what is the color of the team ?	red
19611	Then the green and yellow team plays against the blue team .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
19612	The red team is back to play with the green and yellow team .	what is the color of the team ?	red
19613	Then the blue team returns to play against the green and yellow team .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
19614	The volley ball game continues as the red team and blue team alternately play with their opponents .	what continues as the red team and blue team alternately play with their opponents ?	game
19614	The volley ball game continues as the red team and blue team alternately play with their opponents .	what is the color of the team ?	red
19614	The volley ball game continues as the red team and blue team alternately play with their opponents .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
19615	A camera pans all around a piece of exercise equipment followed by a woman riding on it .	what pans all around a piece of exercise equipment followed by a woman riding on it ?	camera
19620	An African American male athlete is walking preparing himself to run .	who is walking preparing himself to run ?	athlete
19621	The male then begins to run from an angle towards the mat and does a high jump clearing the bar .	the male then begins and does a high jump clearing what ?	bar
19624	People continue to walk pass them and the two males begin jumping extremely high as the lady walks away with the child .	how many males begin jumping extremely high as the lady walks away with the child ?	two
19625	The four individuals then move in front of a building and start hoping around then eventually to a set of steps in what looks to be a court yard .	how many individuals then move in front of a building and start hoping around then eventually to a set of steps in what looks to be a court yard ?	four
19626	A man is seen standing in a garage and proceeds to play a set of bagpipes .	who is seen standing in the garage and proceeds to play a set of bagpipes ?	man
19627	The man continues playing the instrument while moving his hands around and stops in the end to turn off the camera .	who continues playing the instrument while moving his hands around and stops in the end to turn off the camera ?	man
19628	Several pairs of people are out in the desert holding a selfie stick as they travel around on camels .	what are several pairs of people out in the desert holding ?	stick
19632	When the man is done the same blue screen from the beginning appears and ends with the same white screen with the green eHow written in the middle .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
19632	When the man is done the same blue screen from the beginning appears and ends with the same white screen with the green eHow written in the middle .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
19632	When the man is done the same blue screen from the beginning appears and ends with the same white screen with the green eHow written in the middle .	what is the color of the ehow ?	green
19634	One person sits on a tube while others walk from behind .	how many person sits on the tube while others walk from behind ?	one
19636	A man steps up to a set of uneven bars while a man does flips behind him and begins performing a gymnastics routine .	who steps up to the set of uneven bars while a man does flips behind him and begins performing a gymnastics routine ?	man
19637	The man flips and spins himself around on the bars and ends by jumping down and waving his hands up .	who flips and spins himself around on the bars and ends by jumping down and waving his hands up ?	man
19638	A man is seen wearing an apron in front of sink stacked with many dishes .	who is seen wearing an apron in front of sink stacked with many dishes ?	man
19639	The man begins washing the dishes in a quick motion and throwing them into a pile .	who begins washing the dishes in a quick motion and throwing them into a pile ?	man
19640	The man continues washing the dishes while looking back to the camera .	who continues washing the dishes while looking back to the camera ?	man
19641	A man is seen bending down before a large weight while looking off into the distance .	who is seen bending down before the large weight while looking off into the distance ?	man
19644	A baby is seated in a swing , rocking gently .	who is seated in the swing , rocking gently ?	baby
19645	A little girl is seen swinging herself back and forth .	who is seen swinging herself back and forth ?	girl
19651	Men are playing wall ball in a room against each other .	what are men playing in a room against each other ?	ball
19652	A man in a red shirt and glasses is talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
19653	A man in a black shirt talks to a man in a red shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
19653	A man in a black shirt talks to a man in a red shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
19655	The man continues to talk to the microphone .	who continues to talk to the microphone ?	man
19656	A man in a black shirt is talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
19657	The men are playing more wall ball .	what are the men playing ?	ball
19659	A man in a black shirt is playing a drum set .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
19660	A man in a green shirt plays a guitar at the front of the stage .	what does the man in a green shirt play at the front of the stage ?	guitar
19660	A man in a green shirt plays a guitar at the front of the stage .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
19661	Two scientist throws stones in the water while talking .	who throws stones in the water while talking ?	scientist
19661	Two scientist throws stones in the water while talking .	how many scientist throws stones in the water while talking ?	two
19662	Scientist writes a formula on a board , then the scientists run and jumps in the water .	who does scientist write a formula on a board , then run and jumps in the water ?	scientists
19664	A woman water ski while two men explains the movements made by the girl .	what while two men explains the movements made by the girl ?	ski
19664	A woman water ski while two men explains the movements made by the girl .	how many men does the woman water ski while explain the movements made by the girl ?	two
19667	A swimmer is shown putting on his goggles and spreading his hands out before he dives into a pool .	who is shown putting on his goggles and spreading his hands out before he dives into a pool ?	swimmer
19671	People in black play dodge ball on a court .	what is the color of the play ?	black
19672	A guy dives to the ground to prevent ball from hitting him .	who dives to the ground to prevent ball from hitting him ?	guy
19673	A man is laying in bed and looks at his phone .	who is laying in bed and looks at his phone ?	man
19673	A man is laying in bed and looks at his phone .	where is the man laying . ?	bed
19676	He stands up and runs out the door .	what does he run out ?	door
19677	A weather map is shown for a second , then two news women sitting at a desk .	what is shown for the second , then two news women sitting at a desk ?	map
19679	A gun is fired , and the race begins .	what is fired , and the race begins ?	gun
19681	A woman is seen wiping off her feet and stepping into a circle pit .	who is seen wiping off her feet and stepping into a circle pit ?	woman
19682	The woman then spins around and throws a discuss off into the air while the camera follows her .	who then spins around and throws the discuss off into the air while the camera follows her ?	woman
19684	A professional diver named Pandelela Rinong is getting ready to dive in a competition .	who named pandelela rinong is getting ready to dive in a competition ?	diver
19685	She goes forward on the diving board and does a backward dive into the pool from several feet .	what does she do into the pool from several feet ?	dive
19688	Several player on horseback are playing cricket on a field .	what are several player on horseback playing on a field ?	cricket
19689	All players ride their horses to one side of the field .	what do all players ride to one side of the field ?	horses
19691	The ball is hit into the middle of the field away from all the players .	what is hit into the middle of the field away from all the players ?	ball
19693	The man cleans the snow under his windshield wipers .	who cleans the snow under his windshield wipers ?	man
19695	We do a 360 spin to see the parking lot .	how many spin do we do to see the parking lot ?	360
19696	The man opens the doors on his car and gets in .	who opens the doors on his car and gets in ?	man
19696	The man opens the doors on his car and gets in .	what does the man open on his car ?	doors
19697	The man backs out and and gets out of the car .	who backs out and and gets out of the car ?	man
19699	The people continue kick the ball around with several more balls being thrown in as well .	what do the people continue kick around with several more balls being thrown in as well ?	ball
19700	Two people are seen sitting on a ski bench putting on gear and leads into people pushing a puck around a hockey rink .	how many people are seen sitting on the ski bench putting on gear and leads into people pushing a puck around a hockey rink ?	two
19703	A man is shown inside a church .	who is shown inside the church ?	man
19706	A woman in a black top and shorts wears boxing gloves .	what does the woman in a black top and shorts wear boxing ?	gloves
19706	A woman in a black top and shorts wears boxing gloves .	what is the color of the top ?	black
19707	She spares with a man in black .	what is the color of the man ?	black
19712	A guy plays a bag pipe on the croquet field .	who plays the bag pipe on the croquet field ?	guy
19714	Players carry a huge check .	what do players carry ?	check
19715	A guy steps out of a line and charges at the camera .	who steps out of the line and charges at the camera ?	guy
19716	A man drops a tennis racquet with ball then hits the ball .	who drops the tennis racquet with ball then hits the ball ?	man
19718	People are in a large yellow raft going down a water fall .	what is the color of the raft ?	yellow
19719	A man in a boat is going down the river .	where is the man going down the river . ?	boat
19721	Rafters are going down a rough hill and hitting the rocks .	what are going down the rough hill and hitting the rocks ?	rafters
19721	Rafters are going down a rough hill and hitting the rocks .	what are rafters going down a rough hill and hitting ?	rocks
19722	A shoe is cleaned with a toothbrush by a sink .	what is cleaned with the toothbrush by a sink ?	shoe
19723	The counter is wiped with a towel .	what is wiped with the towel ?	counter
19724	The shoe is cleaned more with the toothbrush and a towel .	what is cleaned more with the toothbrush and a towel ?	shoe
19725	A lady is talking to the camera then she laughs and looks down and the camera focuses elsewhere .	who is talking to the camera then she laughs and looks down and the camera focuses elsewhere ?	lady
19726	The lady looks in the mirror and is smiling but you can tell she 's not happy .	who looks in the mirror and is smiling but you can tell she 's not happy ?	lady
19726	The lady looks in the mirror and is smiling but you can tell she 's not happy .	where does the lady look but you can tell she 's not happy . ?	mirror
19727	Blue text talks about the description of the video .	what is the color of the talks ?	blue
19728	Some boys are shown performing backetball layups , one after the other .	who are shown performing backetball layups , one after the other ?	boys
19729	One boy continuously does layups until the end .	who continuously does layups until the end ?	boy
19729	One boy continuously does layups until the end .	how many boy continuously does layups until the end ?	one
19731	The camera follows these borders closely as they perform tricks up stairs and over benches .	what follows these borders closely as they perform tricks up stairs and over benches ?	camera
19733	A man picks up an ax .	who picks up an ax ?	man
19733	A man picks up an ax .	what does the man pick up ?	ax
19737	Then , the person pours water and adds sugar in a pot to make syrup .	what does then , the person add in a pot to make syrup ?	sugar
19738	The person press hard a lemon , and then cuts the lemmons and squeeze them using an electric citrus juicer .	the person press hard a lemon , and then cuts who ?	lemmons
19740	Then the person serves the lemonade .	what does then the person serve ?	lemonade
19741	A gymnast stands before a large crowd in an arena and puts his hands up .	who stands before the large crowd in an arena and puts his hands up ?	gymnast
19748	man is standing in street holding a board and skateboarding through the street .	who is standing in street holding a board and skateboarding through the street ?	man
19748	man is standing in street holding a board and skateboarding through the street .	where is man standing holding a board and skateboarding through the street . ?	street
19749	man is walking in a yard and doing jumps and talking to a microphone .	who is walking in the yard and doing jumps and talking to a microphone ?	man
19750	a man is outside wearing a superman shirt .	who is outside wearing the superman shirt ?	man
19753	A man is shown sanding a wall and laying out a large piece of water paper across the wall .	who is shown sanding the wall and laying out a large piece of water paper across the wall ?	man
19755	A man pushes a table into the sand .	who pushes the table into the sand ?	man
19757	Another angle is shown with the surfer effortlessly riding a wave on a table .	what is shown with the surfer effortlessly riding a wave on a table ?	angle
19759	A man wearing headphones is in a studio , speaking into a microphone .	who is wearing headphones is in a studio , speaking into a microphone ?	man
19759	A man wearing headphones is in a studio , speaking into a microphone .	the man wearing what is in a studio , speaking into a microphone ?	headphones
19762	A machine draws a face on a pumpkin .	what draws the face on a pumpkin ?	machine
19763	The lights turn off and it shows the carved pumpkin turned on .	what do the lights turn off and it shows turned on ?	pumpkin
19765	A large semi truck is driving in the rain .	what is driving in the rain ?	truck
19769	Once the male finishes talking , the woman begins grating a vegetable and cutting an orange in half .	who does , begin grating the vegetable and cutting an orange in half ?	woman
19770	She then squeezes the orange into a clear glass bowl and seasoning it and mixing it together with the previously cut up ingredients .	what does she then squeeze into a clear glass bowl and seasoning it and mixing it together with the previously cut up ingredients ?	orange
19770	She then squeezes the orange into a clear glass bowl and seasoning it and mixing it together with the previously cut up ingredients .	what does she then squeeze the orange into a clear glass bowl and previously cut up ?	ingredients
19773	The lady wins and the man in the suit raises her hand .	who wins and the man in the suit raises her hand ?	lady
19776	A woman walks into a backyard , and flips her hair forward .	who walks into the backyard , and flips her hair forward ?	woman
19780	A yellow frame with girls playing Lacross opens up the video .	what is the color of the frame ?	yellow
19783	A black and yellow jump rope lies on the floor while three people are in the background .	what lies on the floor while three people are in the background ?	rope
19783	A black and yellow jump rope lies on the floor while three people are in the background .	how many people does the black and yellow jump rope lie on the floor while are in the background ?	three
19784	The title , `` Jump Rope Steffisburg '' , appears on the screen while several people in green shirts run behind .	what is the color of the shirts ?	green
19785	Two young women perform a somersault .	who perform the somersault ?	women
19785	Two young women perform a somersault .	how many young women perform the somersault ?	two
19786	A large group of people in green shirts perform various jump rope stunts in a large gymnasium .	what is the color of the shirts ?	green
19792	We see a man walking down the street then a person sitting on the sidewalk .	who do we see walking down the street then a person sitting on the sidewalk ?	man
19793	A man is standing in a room in front of a mirror talking .	who is standing in the room in front of a mirror talking ?	man
19800	The players are showing all the steps in the tutorial where the one of the player shoots the ball bravely for a point .	what are the players showing in the tutorial where the one of the player shoots the ball bravely for a point ?	steps
19802	A man is crossing the finish line of a race .	who is crossing the finish line of a race ?	man
19807	One of them spits it out in the sink and the other three are trying to carry on .	where does one of them spit it out and the other three are trying to carry on . ?	sink
19808	They are having a really hard time and eventually they all spit out and one girl wins .	how many girl do they all spit out and wins ?	one
19810	She uses a stick to swing at a pinata .	what does she use ?	stick
19812	A man is standing outside a tattoo and piercing parlor .	who is standing outside the tattoo and piercing parlor ?	man
19812	A man is standing outside a tattoo and piercing parlor .	what is the man standing outside a tattoo and piercing ?	parlor
19815	The man looks at the work in the mirror .	who looks at the work in the mirror ?	man
19816	A martial arts artists performs slow moves with her arms and legs simultaneously .	who performs slow moves with her arms and legs simultaneously ?	artists
19817	A man speaks to the camera after the woman finishes her martial arts routine .	who speaks to the camera after the woman finishes her martial arts routine ?	man
19822	More clips are shown of people roping calf 's in the pit and ending with pictures of people performing .	what are shown of people roping calf 's in the pit and ending with pictures of people performing ?	clips
19823	There 's a man in a red shirt and a checked shirt over it , standing in a park .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
19829	Then he holds the skateboard in his hand as he talks while pointing to the bench .	what does then he hold in his hand ?	skateboard
19831	They lob the pink ball back and forth over the net .	what do they lob back and forth over the net ?	ball
19832	A woman goes behind a piece of equipment to grab the ball .	who goes behind the piece of equipment to grab the ball ?	woman
19833	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19834	We see balls and paddle and a blue table then a man talks and two men playing table tennis .	what is the color of the table ?	blue
19835	We see an instructional title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19836	The man demonstrates hitting a ball and we see him in play hitting the ball .	who demonstrates hitting the ball and we see him in play hitting the ball ?	man
19837	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19838	Several men are blowing leaves in front of a home .	what are several men blowing in front of a home ?	leaves
19839	One man is going all throughout the yard to blow the leaves .	who is going all throughout the yard to blow the leaves ?	man
19839	One man is going all throughout the yard to blow the leaves .	how many man is going all throughout the yard to blow the leaves ?	one
19842	Another man is shown wandering through the yard .	who is shown wandering through the yard ?	man
19844	They dip a paint brush in paint and paint it put it on a sponge .	what do they dip in paint ?	brush
19844	They dip a paint brush in paint and paint it put it on a sponge .	where do they dip a paint brush . ?	paint
19845	They put that on their nail and put a top coat on .	what do they put on ?	coat
19847	woman is in a gym doing leg exercise and abs .	who is in the gym doing leg exercise and abs ?	woman
19848	thw woman is sitting in a terrace talking to the camera .	who is sitting in the terrace talking to the camera ?	woman
19849	woman is walking in a sidewalk with a white small dog and enters in a house .	who is walking in the sidewalk with a white small dog and enters in a house ?	woman
19849	woman is walking in a sidewalk with a white small dog and enters in a house .	what is the color of the dog ?	white
19849	woman is walking in a sidewalk with a white small dog and enters in a house .	where does woman enter . ?	house
19850	the woman is again in the terrace talking to the camera .	who is again in the terrace talking to the camera ?	woman
19850	the woman is again in the terrace talking to the camera .	where is the woman again talking to the camera . ?	terrace
19851	An elderly woman is sitting on the couch with a young girl , showing her how to thread yard onto a knitting hook .	who is sitting on the couch with a young girl , showing her how to thread yard onto a knitting hook ?	woman
19852	The girl smiles and laughs as she figures out how to handle it .	who smiles and laughs as she figures out how to handle it ?	girl
19853	A cat is standing on a table getting petted .	what is standing on the table getting petted ?	cat
19855	The person picks the cat up to clip their back paws .	what does the person pick up ?	cat
19856	The person pets the cat after clipping its nails .	what does the person pet after clipping its nails ?	cat
19858	One person surfs on a big wave going to the right , while other surfer gets in a wave to surf and falls but get on the surfboard again .	how many person surfs on the big wave going to the right , while other surfer gets in a wave to surf and falls but get on the surfboard again ?	one
19859	A man surfs on a wave going to the left while other people surfs in the ocean .	who surfs on the wave going to the left while other people surfs in the ocean ?	man
19860	Suddenly , a man appears rowing a canoe .	who does suddenly , appear rowing the canoe ?	man
19864	A young child is seen washing various dishes in a sink while wearing gloves and running them under water .	who is seen washing various dishes in a sink while wearing gloves and running them under water ?	child
19864	A young child is seen washing various dishes in a sink while wearing gloves and running them under water .	where is the young child seen washing various dishes while wearing gloves and running them under water . ?	sink
19865	The boy continues to stick a bowl under the water while the camera pans around his movements .	who continues to stick the bowl under the water while the camera pans around his movements ?	boy
19866	A gymnast is seen raising his arm in the air and climbing on top a gymnastics beam .	who is seen raising his arm in the air and climbing on top a gymnastics beam ?	gymnast
19869	The women continue dancing around the stage and end by holding a pose and bumping into one another .	who continue dancing around the stage and end by holding a pose and bumping into one another ?	women
19873	Lemons are thrown onto a counter and glasses of lemon-aid appear with ice in mason jars on the counter as well .	what are thrown onto the counter and glasses of lemon-aid appear with ice in mason jars on the counter as well ?	lemons
19874	Lemons are then rolled around against the counter back and forth evenly with the palm of a hand using firm pressure .	what are then rolled around against the counter back and forth evenly with the palm of a hand using firm pressure ?	lemons
19875	The lemons are scraped back and forth against a metal food grater to get the zest off of them leaving the skin of the lemon in a bowl .	what are scraped back and forth against the metal food grater to get the zest off of them leaving the skin of the lemon in a bowl ?	lemons
19879	People are standing on a balcony over looking a soccer event and the screen says Wuzler Cup Finale .	what are people standing on a balcony over looking a soccer event and says wuzler cup finale ?	screen
19880	Two rows of people are playing table soccer .	how many rows of people are playing table soccer ?	two
19881	The ball jumped off the table and a woman put it back into play and a goal was made .	what jumped off the table and a woman put it back into play and a goal was made ?	ball
19881	The ball jumped off the table and a woman put it back into play and a goal was made .	who did the ball jump off the table and put it back into play and a goal was made ?	woman
19883	The red team won and are showing off their tshirts .	what is the color of the team ?	red
19885	A group of women wearing blue dresses are dancing on a stage in sync they dropped to the ground and the screen fades to black .	what is the color of the dresses ?	blue
19885	A group of women wearing blue dresses are dancing on a stage in sync they dropped to the ground and the screen fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
19886	The spotlight fades as the routine ends and the screen fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
19888	A doctor is performing surgery in a room .	who is performing surgery in a room ?	doctor
19888	A doctor is performing surgery in a room .	where is the doctor performing surgery . ?	room
19889	A woman in a red shirt is standing at a counter talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
19890	A woman wipes her mouth with a napkin .	who wipes her mouth with a napkin ?	woman
19892	One man is then interviewed by the cameraman and is shown again riding large waves in the ocean .	who is then interviewed by the cameraman and is shown again riding large waves in the ocean ?	man
19892	One man is then interviewed by the cameraman and is shown again riding large waves in the ocean .	how many man is then interviewed by the cameraman and is shown again riding large waves in the ocean ?	one
19893	Another man is interviewed by the camera and shows off his surfing skills on his board .	who is interviewed by the camera and shows off his surfing skills on his board ?	man
19894	A man is outside in a tennis court talking while he is holding a tennis racket .	who is outside in the tennis court talking while he is holding a tennis racket ?	man
19898	woman is in an offece talking to a men that are decorating a christmas tree .	who is in an offece talking to a men that are decorating a christmas tree ?	woman
19899	man talks to the one who was standing by the tree and gives him a barbie .	who talks to the one who was standing by the tree and gives him a barbie ?	man
19900	man walks to a woman and start talking in te corner of the room .	who walks to the woman and start talking in te corner of the room ?	man
19901	man is holding a ball next to the christmas tree putting the balls .	who is holding the ball next to the christmas tree putting the balls ?	man
19901	man is holding a ball next to the christmas tree putting the balls .	what is man holding next to the christmas tree putting the balls ?	ball
19901	man is holding a ball next to the christmas tree putting the balls .	man is holding a ball next to the christmas tree putting what ?	balls
19902	A man is shown working out on several different pieces of exercise equipment as well as adjusting the settings .	who is shown working out on several different pieces of exercise equipment as well as adjusting the settings ?	man
19903	The man puts in a USB and continues to ride around on the machines .	who puts in the usb and continues to ride around on the machines ?	man
19906	The two boys to the right have already started and the two boys on the left are at a delay .	how many boys to the right have already started ?	two
19906	The two boys to the right have already started and the two boys on the left are at a delay .	how many boys on the left are at a delay ?	two
19907	In eight seconds , the boy solves his cube and the boys behind them jump up and begins to congratulate him as the others continue to solve their .	who does in eight seconds , solve his cube and the boys behind them jump up and begins to congratulate him as the others continue to solve their ?	boy
19907	In eight seconds , the boy solves his cube and the boys behind them jump up and begins to congratulate him as the others continue to solve their .	what does in eight seconds , the boy solve and the boys behind them jump up and begins to congratulate him as the others continue to solve their ?	cube
19908	A man is seen walking down a field followed by several people running back and fourth .	who is seen walking down the field followed by several people running back and fourth ?	man
19909	The men throw the ball around the yard and continue to run up and down on the grass .	what do the men throw around the yard ?	ball
19910	A roof is repaired by PVC .	what is repaired by pvc ?	roof
19911	The roof is cleaned and the seal is made again .	what is cleaned and the seal is made again ?	roof
19911	The roof is cleaned and the seal is made again .	what is the roof cleaned and is made again ?	seal
19912	Various clips are shown of a woman standing and pointing on a beach that lead into her dragging along a board and and adjusting it on the water .	what are shown of the woman standing and pointing on a beach that lead into her dragging along a board and and adjusting it on the water ?	clips
19913	The woman then grabs onto the board and moves around the water while demonstrating proper moves and the camera moving all around others .	who then grabs onto the board and moves around the water while demonstrating proper moves and the camera moving all around others ?	woman
19917	The man gets up and walks away to the other room .	who gets up and walks away to the other room ?	man
19919	men start settle the gym and bring some mats and strings to ge gym .	what do men start settle and bring some mats and strings to ge gym ?	gym
19922	man is standing holding an harmonica while is playing the guitar and its reading the music sheet .	who is standing holding an harmonica while is playing the guitar and its reading the music sheet ?	man
19923	man is teaching how to play the harmonica in the key of A and its talking and playing the guitar .	who is teaching how to play the harmonica in the key of a and its talking and playing the guitar ?	man
19923	man is teaching how to play the harmonica in the key of A and its talking and playing the guitar .	what is man teaching and playing ?	guitar
19924	Several clips are shown of people riding in water on kayaks .	what are shown of people riding in water on kayaks ?	clips
19926	More clips are shown of people riding in the water and doing flips in the kayaks .	what are shown of people riding in the water and doing flips in the kayaks ?	clips
19927	A firefighter is shown walking on a tight rope in his gear very slowly .	who is shown walking on the tight rope in his gear very slowly ?	firefighter
19929	A man is kneeling down on a blue mat .	who is kneeling down on the blue mat ?	man
19929	A man is kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
19930	A man is standing up behind him talking .	who is standing up behind him talking ?	man
19931	The man on the mat has a brown belt around his waist .	what is the color of the belt ?	brown
19932	Two people are seen walking out of a building and leads into them playing crochet with one another .	how many people are seen walking out of the building and leads into them playing crochet with one another ?	two
19935	People watch competitors get ready near a red stage .	what is the color of the stage ?	red
19936	The competitors put their robots down in the circle as the judge instructs them .	who put their robots down in the circle as the judge instructs them ?	competitors
19936	The competitors put their robots down in the circle as the judge instructs them .	what did the competitors put down in the circle ?	robots
19937	The judge signals the beginning of the competition .	who signals the beginning of the competition ?	judge
19938	The robots begin to move , and one of the robots is pushed out of the circle .	what begin to move , and one of the robots is pushed out of the circle ?	robots
19939	The competitors walk back up to the stage and replace their robots .	who walk back up to the stage and replace their robots ?	competitors
19939	The competitors walk back up to the stage and replace their robots .	what do the competitors replace ?	robots
19940	The judge signals for the competition to begin again and everyone applauds when one of them wins .	who signals for the competition to begin again and everyone applauds when one of them wins ?	judge
19943	A person in a black t-shirt clips the nails on the front paws of a brown and tan speckled cat .	what do the person in a black t-shirt clips tan ?	cat
19943	A person in a black t-shirt clips the nails on the front paws of a brown and tan speckled cat .	what is the color of the clips ?	black
19943	A person in a black t-shirt clips the nails on the front paws of a brown and tan speckled cat .	what is the color of the paws ?	brown
19944	A brown and tan speckled cat is lying on a white cushion when a person walks in holding a pair of red handled nail clippers .	what is the color of the cushion ?	white
19944	A brown and tan speckled cat is lying on a white cushion when a person walks in holding a pair of red handled nail clippers .	what is the color of the clippers ?	red
19947	Two boys are wrestling in a bedroom .	who are wrestling in the bedroom ?	boys
19947	Two boys are wrestling in a bedroom .	how many boys are wrestling in the bedroom ?	two
19947	Two boys are wrestling in a bedroom .	where are two boys wrestling . ?	bedroom
19948	One boy is picked up and thrown on the bed .	who is picked up and thrown on the bed ?	boy
19948	One boy is picked up and thrown on the bed .	how many boy is picked up and thrown on the bed ?	one
19949	The boy turns off the camera .	who turns off the camera ?	boy
19949	The boy turns off the camera .	what does the boy turn off ?	camera
19950	A piercing artist inserts a bar into a woman 's nipple .	who inserts the bar into a woman 's nipple ?	artist
19950	A piercing artist inserts a bar into a woman 's nipple .	what did the piercing artist insert into a woman 's nipple ?	bar
19951	The man screws on hardware to the end of the piercing .	who screws on hardware to the end of the piercing ?	man
19952	The woman wearing a costume sits up and shows her new piercings .	who is wearing a costume sits up and shows her new piercings ?	woman
19952	The woman wearing a costume sits up and shows her new piercings .	the woman wearing what sits up and shows her new piercings ?	costume
19953	A woman smoking a cigarette speaks to another about how much they need smoking .	who is smoking a cigarette speaks to another about how much they need smoking ?	woman
19953	A woman smoking a cigarette speaks to another about how much they need smoking .	the woman smoking what speaks to another about how much they need smoking ?	cigarette
19955	A man comes onto the screen to introduce a video about him trimming trees .	who comes onto the screen to introduce a video about him trimming trees ?	man
19956	He picks up a trimming saw and starts the engine .	what does he start ?	engine
19957	He climbs the ladder and begins trimming the tree .	what does he climb ?	ladder
19960	She plays two different melodies on the violin and finishes together at the same time , smiling at the camera .	how many different melodies does she play on the violin ?	two
19961	A man is standing outside in the dark smoking a cigarette in front of a green garage .	who is standing outside in the dark smoking a cigarette in front of a green garage ?	man
19961	A man is standing outside in the dark smoking a cigarette in front of a green garage .	what is the color of the garage ?	green
19963	A woman demonstrates how to do Tai Chi outside on the grass .	who demonstrates how to do tai chi outside on the grass ?	woman
19964	The same woman demonstrates Tai Chi indoors on a stage .	who demonstrates tai chi indoors on a stage ?	woman
19965	A second woman joins the first woman to help demonstrate .	who joins the first woman to help demonstrate ?	woman
19965	A second woman joins the first woman to help demonstrate .	who does the second woman join ?	woman
19966	We see a white title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19966	We see a white title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
19968	We see a bucket which rings a round mop without touching it .	what do we see ?	bucket
19969	A lady changes the mop head with her foot .	who changes the mop head with her foot ?	lady
19970	Three ladies give endorsements and we see them using the mop .	who give endorsements and we see them using the mop ?	ladies
19970	Three ladies give endorsements and we see them using the mop .	how many ladies give endorsements ?	three
19972	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
19974	In the gym , several young girls begin doing gymnastics and performing before coming back and doing an interview with the reporter .	who do in the gym , begin doing gymnastics and performing before coming back and doing an interview with the reporter ?	girls
19975	Next , a young man approaches the bars , does his routine , and then comes back to to his interview .	next , who approaches the bars , does his routine , and then comes back to to his interview ?	man
19975	Next , a young man approaches the bars , does his routine , and then comes back to to his interview .	what does next , the young man approach ?	bars
19976	A woman is seen laying on the couch with another girl sitting above her .	who is seen laying on the couch with another girl sitting above her ?	woman
19977	The girl is then shown piercing the nipple of the girl laying down .	who is then shown piercing the nipple of the girl laying down ?	girl
19982	The tool is shown in real time emitting heat with a photo of a welded material .	what is shown in real time emitting heat with a photo of a welded material ?	tool
19984	A man in a blue coat and orange gloves uses the arc tool .	what does the man in a blue coat and orange gloves use ?	tool
19984	A man in a blue coat and orange gloves uses the arc tool .	what is the color of the coat ?	blue
19984	A man in a blue coat and orange gloves uses the arc tool .	what is the color of the gloves ?	orange
19986	A man dance hip hop doing acrobatics moves with his hands and legs on the floor on front a crowd .	who is doing acrobatics moves with his hands and legs on the floor on front a crowd ?	hop
19988	woman is in a large green field holding a yellow frisbee and playing with a dog .	who is in the large green field holding a yellow frisbee and playing with a dog ?	woman
19988	woman is in a large green field holding a yellow frisbee and playing with a dog .	what is the color of the field ?	green
19988	woman is in a large green field holding a yellow frisbee and playing with a dog .	what is the color of the frisbee ?	yellow
19990	woman is throwing the frisbee to the dog .	who is throwing the frisbee to the dog ?	woman
19990	woman is throwing the frisbee to the dog .	what is woman throwing to the dog ?	frisbee
19994	A man picks up his chair and turns it upside down on the drums .	who picks up his chair and turns it upside down on the drums ?	man
19994	A man picks up his chair and turns it upside down on the drums .	what does the man pick up ?	chair
19995	There are three body builders exercising and working out in a small gym with weightlifting equipment .	how many body builders are there exercising and working out in a small gym with weightlifting equipment ?	three
19996	One of the body builders lifts the weight bar several times and then drops it down while the other two body builders watch him .	one of the body builders then drops it down while how many body builders watch him ?	two
19997	Then he goes and wipes off his sweat with a towel and lifts the weight bar again and drops it .	then he wipes off his sweat with a towel and lifts what again and drops it ?	bar
19998	He then wears an abdominal belt and lifts the weight bar again and drops it .	he then wears what and lifts the weight bar again ?	belt
19998	He then wears an abdominal belt and lifts the weight bar again and drops it .	he then wears an abdominal belt and lifts what again ?	bar
20000	A man wearing headphones stands behind a pair of large drums .	who is wearing headphones stands behind a pair of large drums ?	man
20000	A man wearing headphones stands behind a pair of large drums .	the man wearing what stands behind a pair of large drums ?	headphones
20001	The man plays drums with his palms .	who plays drums with his palms ?	man
20001	The man plays drums with his palms .	what does the man play with his palms ?	drums
20002	The man ceases playing the drums and turns away .	who ceases playing the drums and turns away ?	man
20003	A man lays out a scarf and puts some accessories in the middle of it .	who lays out the scarf and puts some accessories in the middle of it ?	man
20003	A man lays out a scarf and puts some accessories in the middle of it .	what does the man lay out ?	scarf
20003	A man lays out a scarf and puts some accessories in the middle of it .	what does the man put in the middle of it ?	accessories
20008	Two men are shown on a squash court playing a game of squash .	how many men are shown on the squash court playing a game of squash ?	two
20012	At the end of the video a text box shows up with a fun fact about squash .	what does at the end of the video show up with a fun fact about squash ?	box
20013	A man cross a parking lot bouncing with bouncing shoes .	who cross the parking lot bouncing with bouncing shoes ?	man
20015	Several people are outdoors enjoying the beach .	what are several people outdoors enjoying ?	beach
20017	After several hits , one man decides to kick the ball over the net and another man takes off running from the other side and tackles him in the dirt .	who does after several hits , decide to kick the ball over the net and another man takes off running from the other side and tackles him in the dirt ?	man
20017	After several hits , one man decides to kick the ball over the net and another man takes off running from the other side and tackles him in the dirt .	who does after several hits , one man decide and takes off running from the other side and tackles him in the dirt ?	man
20017	After several hits , one man decides to kick the ball over the net and another man takes off running from the other side and tackles him in the dirt .	how many man decides to kick the ball over the net ?	one
20019	A woman walks in and speaks to the blonde woman and hands her some bowling shoes .	who walks in and speaks to the blonde woman and hands her some bowling shoes ?	woman
20020	The man speaks over and the girl throws the bowling ball with her heels on .	who speaks over and the girl throws the bowling ball with her heels on ?	man
20020	The man speaks over and the girl throws the bowling ball with her heels on .	who does the man speak over and throws the bowling ball with her heels on ?	girl
20021	Old clips are shown of a man drawing a picture and two children watching .	what are shown of the man drawing a picture and two children watching ?	clips
20022	The kids are then shown in several clips performing dives off a board and walk along the sides climbing back to the top .	who are then shown in several clips performing dives off a board and walk along the sides climbing back to the top ?	kids
20028	A group of drum players gather , playing in a room .	where do the group of drum players gather , playing . ?	room
20030	The gymnasts run to and then did cartwheel and thumbling as he go through the end of the mat .	who run to and then did cartwheel and thumbling as he go through the end of the mat ?	gymnasts
20032	The male gymnast rotate up in the air and then he landed on the end of the mat .	who rotate up in the air and then he landed on the end of the mat ?	gymnast
20036	A woman is seen inside a bathroom .	who is seen inside the bathroom ?	woman
20037	She is using a dryer to blow dry her hair .	what is she using ?	dryer
20040	The women run after a white ball on the field while holding hockey sticks .	who run after the white ball on the field while holding hockey sticks ?	women
20040	The women run after a white ball on the field while holding hockey sticks .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
20041	The red team and blue team continue to play field hockey while a referee watches on and a guard guards the goal .	what is the color of the team ?	red
20041	The red team and blue team continue to play field hockey while a referee watches on and a guard guards the goal .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
20043	He adjusts a ladder and leans it up against the structure , walks back to look , and adjusts it a couple more times .	what does he adjust ?	ladder
20044	When satisfied , he tightens a strap , and grabs a second ladder .	what does , he tighten ?	strap
20044	When satisfied , he tightens a strap , and grabs a second ladder .	what does , he grab ?	ladder
20052	He puts an earring through the piercing and makes sure it 's in place .	what does he put through the piercing ?	earring
20054	A man falls into a large puddle of mud .	who falls into the large puddle of mud ?	man
20055	A man falls down and another man runs up to check on him .	who falls down and another man runs up to check on him ?	man
20055	A man falls down and another man runs up to check on him .	who does the man fall down and runs up to check on him ?	man
20056	A man in yellow shirt and black tights , walked towards the bike , bend over and unscrew the screw .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
20056	A man in yellow shirt and black tights , walked towards the bike , bend over and unscrew the screw .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
20057	The person screw the wheel back to the bike .	what did the person screw back to the bike ?	wheel
20059	They put a contact lens in the eye .	what did they put contact in the eye ?	lens
20061	A small child is seen sitting on a coach opening a present .	who is seen sitting on the coach opening a present ?	child
20062	The camera pans all around her while she opens the present and smiles to the camera .	what pans all around her while she opens the present and smiles to the camera ?	camera
20064	A woman and man wearing matching green color dance on stage during a performance .	what is the color of the dance ?	green
20065	The man spins his partner during the dance .	who spins his partner during the dance ?	man
20065	The man spins his partner during the dance .	who does the man spin during the dance ?	partner
20066	The dancers kick up there feet while dancing .	who kick up there feet while dancing ?	dancers
20068	People are sitting along the benches against a wall watching .	what are people sitting along against a wall watching ?	benches
20069	A boy serves the volleyball .	who serves the volleyball ?	boy
20070	A boy talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	boy
20071	The boy scrubs a metal sink with a brush .	who scrubs the metal sink with a brush ?	boy
20072	The boy switches his grip on the brush .	who switches his grip on the brush ?	boy
20073	Three people sit on front the ocean .	how many people sit on front the ocean ?	three
20076	The man continues surfing , spinning and jumping , after he takes his surfboard and walks on the beach .	who continues surfing , spinning and jumping , after he takes his surfboard and walks on the beach ?	man
20077	A surfer turn over in a wave .	who turn over in the wave ?	surfer
20078	A surfer is standing in the ocean current .	who is standing in the ocean current ?	surfer
20081	A man is seen sitting on the floor and jumping to a standing position .	who is seen sitting on the floor and jumping to a standing position ?	man
20083	The same man does this two more times .	who does this two more times ?	man
20084	A black intro screen appears and it has the words SUPER WASH in the middle .	what appears and it has the words super wash in the middle ?	screen
20084	A black intro screen appears and it has the words SUPER WASH in the middle .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
20085	A red car and a car behind it is at a car wash and both of them are being worked on by two sets of people at each car .	what is the color of the car ?	red
20086	The red car is parked outside of the building and it 's clean , dry and very shiny .	what is parked outside of the building and it 's clean , dry and very shiny ?	car
20086	The red car is parked outside of the building and it 's clean , dry and very shiny .	what is the color of the car ?	red
20087	People are driving a car down a street .	what are people driving down a street ?	car
20088	They are paddling in a boat down a river .	where are they paddling . ?	boat
20089	A man is standing in the water holding an oar .	who is standing in the water holding an oar ?	man
20090	A chef in a white chef 's uniform stands in an empty commercial kitchen and demonstrates how to make an omelette .	what is the color of the chef ?	white
20090	A chef in a white chef 's uniform stands in an empty commercial kitchen and demonstrates how to make an omelette .	where does the chef in a white chef 's uniform stand . ?	kitchen
20091	A chef stands in a kitchen talks to the camera before taking an egg and pouring it into a mini black skillet .	who stands in the kitchen talks to the camera before taking an egg and pouring it into a mini black skillet ?	chef
20091	A chef stands in a kitchen talks to the camera before taking an egg and pouring it into a mini black skillet .	what is the color of the skillet ?	black
20092	The chef maneuvers the egg over the stove with a fork gently prodding it .	who maneuvers the egg over the stove with a fork gently prodding it ?	chef
20092	The chef maneuvers the egg over the stove with a fork gently prodding it .	what did the chef maneuver over the stove with a fork gently prodding it ?	egg
20093	The chef then fold the egg in half in the skillet and plates it on a white plate before turning to the camera and talking again .	who then fold the egg in half in the skillet and plates it on a white plate before turning to the camera and talking again ?	chef
20093	The chef then fold the egg in half in the skillet and plates it on a white plate before turning to the camera and talking again .	what do the chef then fold in half in the skillet ?	egg
20093	The chef then fold the egg in half in the skillet and plates it on a white plate before turning to the camera and talking again .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
20094	Two girls are dancing and twirling batons on a gym floor .	who are dancing and twirling batons on a gym floor ?	girls
20094	Two girls are dancing and twirling batons on a gym floor .	how many girls are dancing and twirling batons on a gym floor ?	two
20095	One of the girls leaves and the other girl continues dancing alone .	who does one of the girls leave and continues dancing alone ?	girl
20097	The second girl joins her again and they finish dancing .	who joins her again and they finish dancing ?	girl
20102	The puck hits the referee and knocks him over .	who hits the referee and knocks him over ?	puck
20102	The puck hits the referee and knocks him over .	who does the puck hit ?	referee
20103	The goalie blocks a shot .	who blocks the shot ?	goalie
20104	Several children sit along a pool .	who sit along the pool ?	children
20105	They are all wearing flippers .	what are they all wearing ?	flippers
20106	A girl is underwater wearing scuba gear .	who is underwater wearing scuba gear ?	girl
20107	Several children practice wearing scuba gear .	who is wearing scuba gear ?	practice
20107	Several children practice wearing scuba gear .	what are several children practice wearing ?	gear
20108	The woman begins to groom the dogs face with the clippers .	who begins to groom the dogs face with the clippers ?	woman
20109	The woman then begins to groom under the dogs front legs .	who then begins to groom under the dogs front legs ?	woman
20110	Finally , the woman grooms the dogs back legs and tail before a blue and white advertising sign populates .	who does finally , groom the dogs back legs and tail before a blue and white advertising sign populates ?	woman
20111	A girl is tying a blind fold around another while several children on look and an adult holds the girl in place .	who is tying the blind fold around another while several children on look and an adult holds the girl in place ?	girl
20112	The girl is then handed a bat and attempts to break open a pinata .	who is then handed the bat and attempts to break open a pinata ?	girl
20113	The girl succeeds in breaking the pinata and the children get very excited .	who succeeds in breaking the pinata and the children get very excited ?	girl
20113	The girl succeeds in breaking the pinata and the children get very excited .	who does the girl succeed in breaking the pinata and get very excited ?	children
20114	A camera pans all around the sky and shows a close up of a kite .	what pans all around the sky and shows a close up of a kite ?	camera
20116	The kite continues to move in the air while a person continue flying it .	what continues to move in the air while a person continue flying it ?	kite
20120	A man falls off his bike and the bike slides .	who falls off his bike and the bike slides ?	man
20120	A man falls off his bike and the bike slides .	what does the man fall off and the bike slides ?	bicycle
20120	A man falls off his bike and the bike slides .	what does the man fall off his bike and slides ?	bicycle
20121	Another man falls off his bike and is almost run over .	who falls off his bike and is almost run over ?	man
20121	Another man falls off his bike and is almost run over .	what does another man fall off ?	bicycle
20122	The man interviews two men after the race and the screen goes green .	who interviews two men after the race and the screen goes green ?	man
20122	The man interviews two men after the race and the screen goes green .	how many men did the man interview after the race and the screen goes green ?	two
20123	People are working out on cycle bikes in a gym .	where are people working out . ?	gym
20125	A banner hanging on the wall is shown .	what is hanging on the wall is shown ?	banner
20126	A man in black is sitting and playing at a piano while a man in red is standing near drums .	what is the color of the man ?	black
20127	As the man in black plays , the man in red is rolling up a wire .	what is as the man in black plays , the man in red rolling up ?	wire
20127	As the man in black plays , the man in red is rolling up a wire .	what is the color of the plays ?	black
20129	The man then places the wire down .	who then places the wire down ?	man
20129	The man then places the wire down .	what does the man then place down ?	wire
20130	A boat is seen riding along the water with people sitting on the sides and watching .	what is seen riding along the water with people sitting on the sides and watching ?	boat
20131	A young boy is then seen swimming underwater that leads into people riding the boat and driving around a city .	who is then seen swimming underwater that leads into people riding the boat and driving around a city ?	boy
20132	The camera continues to pan around the city as well as the nightlife .	what continues to pan around the city as well as the nightlife ?	camera
20133	woman are practicing jumps in a cheerlading team .	who are practicing jumps in a cheerlading team ?	woman
20134	woman is laying down in a bed and a man is assisting her .	who is laying down in the bed and a man is assisting her ?	woman
20134	woman is laying down in a bed and a man is assisting her .	who is woman laying down in a bed and is assisting her ?	man
20134	woman is laying down in a bed and a man is assisting her .	where is woman laying down and a man is assisting her . ?	bed
20135	There are two people dressed in red shirts and blue shorts playing ping pong in a large stadium with lots of spectators watching them .	how many people are there dressed in red shirts and blue shorts playing ping pong in a large stadium with lots of spectators watching them ?	two
20135	There are two people dressed in red shirts and blue shorts playing ping pong in a large stadium with lots of spectators watching them .	what is the color of the shirts ?	red
20135	There are two people dressed in red shirts and blue shorts playing ping pong in a large stadium with lots of spectators watching them .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
20138	The opponent manages to return the ball without missing it .	who manages to return the ball without missing it ?	opponent
20144	A man is on a tighrope in the snowy woods .	who is on the tighrope in the snowy woods ?	man
20147	A teen boy is running on the beach .	who is running on the beach ?	boy
20148	A dog is chasing him , trying to catch his frisbee .	what is chasing him , trying to catch his frisbee ?	dog
20149	He throws the frisbee , and the dog jumps into the air to catch it .	what does he throw , and the dog jumps into the air to catch it ?	frisbee
20149	He throws the frisbee , and the dog jumps into the air to catch it .	what does he throw the frisbee , and jumps into the air to catch it ?	dog
20151	We see a lady in a blue dress is playing in front of the other players .	what is the color of the dress ?	blue
20152	We see the lady from the back , and we see the other players .	who do we see from the back , and we see the other players ?	lady
20155	We fade to black and the video ends .	what is the color of the video ?	black
20157	The person puts toothpaste onto a brush and brushes the dog 's teeth back and fourth .	what does the person put onto a brush ?	toothpaste
20157	The person puts toothpaste onto a brush and brushes the dog 's teeth back and fourth .	what does the person brush teeth back and fourth ?	dog
20158	Finally she puts gel in the dog 's mouth and the dog is seen sitting on a bed waving to the camera .	what does finally she put gel in the dog 's mouth and is seen sitting on a bed waving to the camera ?	dog
20159	Two woman are seen performing on a stage with one playing a flute and the other playing the piano .	who are seen performing on the stage with one playing a flute and the other playing the piano ?	woman
20159	Two woman are seen performing on a stage with one playing a flute and the other playing the piano .	how many woman are seen performing on the stage with one playing a flute and the other playing the piano ?	two
20160	The women play a song while the camera zooms in on the flute player and them bowing and leaving in the end .	who play the song while the camera zooms in on the flute player and them bowing and leaving in the end ?	women
20163	The woman continues moving her feet as well as others in the class .	who continues moving her feet as well as others in the class ?	woman
20165	The small fence was put down the the bikers went bike racing over the big ramps .	what was put down the the bikers went bike racing over the big ramps ?	fence
20166	The spectators are on the side of the tracks .	who are on the side of the tracks ?	spectators
20167	A man holds an iron that pass on top a painting .	who holds an iron that pass on top a painting ?	man
20168	A man snowboard down a hill holding a stick .	who snowboard down the hill holding a stick ?	man
20168	A man snowboard down a hill holding a stick .	what did the man snowboard down holding a stick ?	hill
20168	A man snowboard down a hill holding a stick .	the man snowboard down a hill holding what ?	stick
20169	Snow flying in the air lands on the face of the man , then the man continue snowboarding .	who is snow flying in the air lands on the face of the man , then continue snowboarding ?	man
20170	After , the man arrives to the ski station .	who does after , arrive to the ski station ?	man
20171	A man is seen bending down before a heavy set of weights .	who is seen bending down before the heavy set of weights ?	man
20172	The man then bends down and lifts the weights over his head .	who then bends down and lifts the weights over his head ?	man
20174	A woman prepares for a shot put throw swinging her arms on a sporting field .	who prepares for the shot put throw swinging her arms on a sporting field ?	woman
20175	The athlete winds back her shoulders than spins her body throwing a shot put .	who back her shoulders than spins her body throwing a shot put ?	winds
20177	The slowly back the boat out to go water skiing .	what out to go water skiing ?	boat
20178	The boat leaves the dock and they 're off .	what leaves the dock and they 're off ?	boat
20178	The boat leaves the dock and they 're off .	what does the boat leave and they 're off ?	dock
20179	After picking up speed on the powered boat , their friends jump off and have a great time .	who is after picking up speed on the powered boat , jump off and have a great time ?	friends
20181	They pick up speed and a young woman is skiing on the water at a very brisk pace .	who do they pick up speed and is skiing on the water at a very brisk pace ?	woman
20183	The friends look back to see how she is doing .	who look back to see how she is doing ?	friends
20184	A young man is shown skiing on the water and is doing a great job .	who is shown skiing on the water and is doing a great job ?	man
20187	One woman talks to the camera while another shows off dance moves .	who talks to the camera while another shows off dance moves ?	woman
20187	One woman talks to the camera while another shows off dance moves .	how many woman talks to the camera while another shows off dance moves ?	one
20190	A blue raft goes down a high waterfall .	what goes down the high waterfall ?	raft
20190	A blue raft goes down a high waterfall .	what is the color of the raft ?	blue
20192	Two men are holding a flute while one blows and the other moves his hands .	what are two men holding ?	flute
20192	Two men are holding a flute while one blows and the other moves his hands .	how many men are holding the flute while one blows and the other moves his hands ?	two
20196	The boats pass with difficulty between the rocks .	what pass with difficulty between the rocks ?	boats
20199	A young man stands in the foreground speaking while a female cheerleader stands behind him performing routines .	who stands in the foreground speaking while a female cheerleader stands behind him performing routines ?	man
20200	The copyright and logo screen appears on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
20201	kids are standing in the opening of a cartoon .	who are standing in the opening of a cartoon ?	kids
20202	woman is talking in front of a micropone in front of a big audience .	who is talking in front of a micropone in front of a big audience ?	woman
20204	A guy is wiping a car tire .	who is wiping the car tire ?	guy
20204	A guy is wiping a car tire .	what is the guy wiping ?	tire
20205	A female walks from driver side lightly rubbing a black cloth on the join the guy .	what is the color of the cloth ?	black
20206	The female throws the black cloth on a car directly above the tire the man is cleaning .	what is the color of the cloth ?	black
20207	The man picks up the black cloth , drops the rug on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire .	who picks up the black cloth , drops the rug on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire ?	man
20207	The man picks up the black cloth , drops the rug on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire .	what does the man pick up ?	cloth
20207	The man picks up the black cloth , drops the rug on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire .	what does the man drop on the sidewalk ?	rug
20207	The man picks up the black cloth , drops the rug on the sidewalk , and uses it to wipe the tire .	what is the color of the cloth ?	black
20209	They tie the ribbon onto a wrapped package .	what do they tie onto a wrapped package ?	ribbon
20210	They tape the bow they made onto the package .	what do they tape ?	bow
20211	A black screen appears and the white words read `` Nevena & Goran Rodry-Go !	what appears and the white words read `` nevena & goran rodry-go ?	screen
20211	A black screen appears and the white words read `` Nevena & Goran Rodry-Go !	what is the color of the screen ?	black
20211	A black screen appears and the white words read `` Nevena & Goran Rodry-Go !	what is the color of the words ?	white
20216	A man wearing a dark blue shirt and sporting a braid begins playing the bongos .	who wearing a dark blue shirt and sporting a braid begins playing the bongos ?	man
20216	A man wearing a dark blue shirt and sporting a braid begins playing the bongos .	the man wearing what and sporting a braid begins playing the bongos ?	shirt
20216	A man wearing a dark blue shirt and sporting a braid begins playing the bongos .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
20220	A woman is in a kitchen talking about how to make lemonde .	who is in the kitchen talking about how to make lemonde ?	woman
20221	She presents various ingredients that you need to have .	what does she present ?	ingredients
20222	She blends all the juices together into a grinder to make a mixture .	what did she blend together into a grinder to make a mixture ?	juices
20223	She then pours the mixture into a glass and drinks the juice .	what does she then drink ?	juice
20228	A girl does a tutorial on how to pack a bag .	who does the tutorial on how to pack a bag ?	girl
20229	She then gives ballerina tips , especially on how to treat one 's feet right .	who does she then give , especially on how to treat one 's feet right ?	tips
20230	A man walking very slowly toward a woman as she walks slowly towards him .	who is walking very slowly toward a woman as she walks slowly towards him ?	man
20232	Another female judge critics them and the woman dancer runs up and hugs them , then the final judge tells them what he thinks of their performance .	who , then the final judge tells them what he thinks of their performance ?	critics
20232	Another female judge critics them and the woman dancer runs up and hugs them , then the final judge tells them what he thinks of their performance .	who does another female judge critics , tell them what he thinks of their performance ?	judge
20233	A woman in a green shirt stands in a kitchen .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
20233	A woman in a green shirt stands in a kitchen .	where does the woman in a green shirt stand . ?	kitchen
20237	A group of people in swim caps are playing volleyball in an outdoor pool , surrounded by a spattering of onlookers , and an upright digital scoreboard .	where are the group of people in swim caps playing volleyball . ?	scoreboard
20238	A person in the front spikes the yellow ball against a blue goal and past a goal blocker in the pool .	what does the person in the front spike against a blue goal and past a goal blocker in the pool ?	ball
20238	A person in the front spikes the yellow ball against a blue goal and past a goal blocker in the pool .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
20238	A person in the front spikes the yellow ball against a blue goal and past a goal blocker in the pool .	what is the color of the goal ?	blue
20239	A person on the far left of the pool throws the ball into the right side of the pool where all of the players swim to follow it .	what does the person on the far left of the pool throw into the right side of the pool ?	ball
20240	A young boy is seen looking off into the distance as well as a girl .	who is seen looking off into the distance as well as a girl ?	boy
20244	A young girl peels potatoes .	what does the young girl peel ?	potatoes
20245	A young boy cuts the potatoes .	who cuts the potatoes ?	boy
20245	A young boy cuts the potatoes .	what does the young boy cut ?	potatoes
20246	A male gymnast is in an arena full of people and grabs two bars to begin his routine .	who is in an arena full of people and grabs two bars to begin his routine ?	gymnast
20249	The camera continues to follow him riding around the area galloping around .	what continues to follow him riding around the area galloping around ?	camera
20250	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a woman running and interviewing other runners .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a woman running and interviewing other runners ?	woman
20251	She interviews two twins while running and the news shows off other runners in the area .	how many twins did she interview while running and the news shows off other runners in the area ?	two
20256	A large man is seen bending down on his knees moving his arms around and looking off into the distance .	who is seen bending down on his knees moving his arms around and looking off into the distance ?	man
20257	The man continues moving all around on the mat performing various martial arts moves and moving back and fourth to the camera .	who continues moving all around on the mat performing various martial arts moves and moving back and fourth to the camera ?	man
20259	A child stands in the tire and jumps for joy .	who stands in the tire and jumps for joy ?	child
20259	A child stands in the tire and jumps for joy .	where does the child stand . ?	tire
20260	An adult gets up and pulls both tires .	who gets up and pulls both tires ?	adult
20260	An adult gets up and pulls both tires .	what does an adult pull ?	tires
20261	A man dressed in a camouflaged suit is standing in a large grassy field with other people and he 's pulling on a string we can barely see .	who dressed in a camouflaged suit is standing in a large grassy field with other people and he 's pulling on a string we can barely see ?	man
20263	The camera angles are changing and when we get a close up of the man we can finally see the string he is pulling on .	what are changing and when we get a close up of the man we can finally see the string he is pulling on ?	angles
20263	The camera angles are changing and when we get a close up of the man we can finally see the string he is pulling on .	what are the camera angles changing and we can finally see ?	string
20264	A woman is bathing two white colored puppies in an orange tub filled with water .	who is bathing two white colored puppies in an orange tub filled with water ?	woman
20264	A woman is bathing two white colored puppies in an orange tub filled with water .	what is the woman bathing in an orange tub filled with water ?	puppies
20264	A woman is bathing two white colored puppies in an orange tub filled with water .	how many white colored puppies is the woman bathing in an orange tub filled with water ?	two
20264	A woman is bathing two white colored puppies in an orange tub filled with water .	what is the color of the puppies ?	white
20264	A woman is bathing two white colored puppies in an orange tub filled with water .	what is the color of the tub ?	orange
20266	One of the puppies tries to step out of the tub and the man holds him and puts him back in .	who does one of the puppies try and holds him and puts him back in ?	man
20267	The woman continues washing the puppies .	who continues washing the puppies ?	woman
20268	A man in black shirt wipe the table with white cloth .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
20268	A man in black shirt wipe the table with white cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
20269	The white lights are reflected on the table .	what is the color of the lights ?	white
20270	The man wipe the edge of the table with white rag .	who wipe the edge of the table with white rag ?	man
20270	The man wipe the edge of the table with white rag .	what is the color of the rag ?	white
20271	A boy is jumping rope and doing tricks around in circles .	who is jumping rope and doing tricks around in circles ?	boy
20271	A boy is jumping rope and doing tricks around in circles .	what is the boy jumping and doing tricks around in circles ?	rope
20272	Then , Another boy is jumping rope as well and swirling it around and he eventually throws his rope .	who is then , jumping rope as well and swirling it around and he eventually throws his rope ?	boy
20272	Then , Another boy is jumping rope as well and swirling it around and he eventually throws his rope .	what is then , another boy jumping as well and swirling it around and he eventually throws his rope ?	rope
20272	Then , Another boy is jumping rope as well and swirling it around and he eventually throws his rope .	what is then , another boy jumping rope as well and swirling it around and he eventually throws ?	rope
20275	A band wearing Scottish kilts plays bagpipes and other instruments in the front University auditorium .	the band wearing what plays bagpipes and other instruments in the front university auditorium ?	kilts
20275	A band wearing Scottish kilts plays bagpipes and other instruments in the front University auditorium .	where is the band wearing scottish kilts plays bagpipes and other instruments . ?	auditorium
20279	The lady stand up and looks at herself in the mirror .	who stand up and looks at herself in the mirror ?	lady
20279	The lady stand up and looks at herself in the mirror .	where does the lady look . ?	mirror
20280	She lays down on a black medical chair and the man pierces her ear 's tragus with medical tools .	who does she lay down on a black medical chair and pierces her ear 's tragus with medical tools ?	man
20280	She lays down on a black medical chair and the man pierces her ear 's tragus with medical tools .	what is the color of the chair ?	black
20281	The lady looks at herself and her new piercing in the mirror , smiles and gives two thumbs up .	who looks at herself and her new piercing in the mirror , smiles and gives two thumbs up ?	lady
20281	The lady looks at herself and her new piercing in the mirror , smiles and gives two thumbs up .	how many thumbs does the lady give up ?	two
20281	The lady looks at herself and her new piercing in the mirror , smiles and gives two thumbs up .	where does the lady look . ?	mirror
20282	A gymnast walks up to a beam , preparing himself .	who walks up to the beam , preparing himself ?	gymnast
20285	A camera captures a net in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping .	what captures the net in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping ?	camera
20285	A camera captures a net in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping .	what does the camera capture in front of the sky ?	net
20285	A camera captures a net in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping .	how many people does the camera show preparing ropes for bungee jumping ?	two
20286	The camera man jumps off the ledge and shows his feet while spinning around .	who jumps off the ledge and shows his feet while spinning around ?	man
20286	The camera man jumps off the ledge and shows his feet while spinning around .	what does the camera man jump off ?	ledge
20287	Another camera captured his jump from the bottom and leads into several people waiting at the bottom and driving away .	what captured his jump from the bottom and leads into several people waiting at the bottom and driving away ?	camera
20288	A young boy in a blue jacket pulls onto a donut snow tube .	what is the color of the jacket ?	blue
20289	Two young kids watch him .	how many young kids watch him ?	two
20291	A woman removes a bolt from a tire .	who removes the bolt from a tire ?	woman
20292	The woman removes a second bolt .	who removes the second bolt ?	woman
20293	The woman removes a third bolt .	who removes the third bolt ?	woman
20294	Lastly , the woman removes a fourth bolt .	who does lastly , remove the fourth bolt ?	woman
20295	The woman takes the tire off the car .	who takes the tire off the car ?	woman
20296	A couple is seen performing a tango routine with one another in a small room .	where is the couple seen performing a tango routine . ?	room
20299	The women pass condiments to each other .	who pass condiments to each other ?	women
20299	The women pass condiments to each other .	what do the women pass to each other ?	condiments
20301	A man is kneeling down on the ground .	who is kneeling down on the ground ?	man
20304	A man walks up to a hedge carrying a large pair of hedge trimmers .	who walks up to the hedge carrying a large pair of hedge trimmers ?	man
20307	A strong young man is standing in a large open green field preparing to throw a shot put .	who is standing in the large open green field preparing to throw a shot put ?	man
20307	A strong young man is standing in a large open green field preparing to throw a shot put .	what is the color of the field ?	green
20308	Once he throws the ball , a man runs out to mark the distance and he walks to the tent and takes the tape off of his wrist .	who does , run out to mark the distance and he walks to the tent and takes the tape off of his wrist ?	man
20309	Another man who is slightly shorter and larger approaches the circle and does the same thing followed by another person .	who approaches the circle and does the same thing followed by another person ?	man
20309	Another man who is slightly shorter and larger approaches the circle and does the same thing followed by another person .	what does another man approach ?	circle
20311	A woman is seen standing before pinata and swinging a bat .	who is seen standing before pinata and swinging a bat ?	woman
20313	The woman swings over and over and a man comes into frame to kick it .	who swings over and over and the man comes into frame to kick it ?	woman
20313	The woman swings over and over and a man comes into frame to kick it .	who does the woman swing over and over and comes into frame to kick it ?	man
20315	Adults supervise them as an officer walks by .	who supervise them as an officer walks by ?	adults
20316	The kids perform various exercises led by the adults .	who perform various exercises led by the adults ?	kids
20317	In 2009 , a man is shown sitting at a table .	who is in 2009 , shown sitting at a table ?	man
20319	As a timer runs , he solves the puzzle using only one hand .	as the timer runs , he solves the puzzle using how many hand ?	one
20322	Two people carrying their surfboards are climbing on the stairs .	two people carrying what are climbing on the stairs ?	surfboards
20322	Two people carrying their surfboards are climbing on the stairs .	how many people is carrying their surfboards are climbing on the stairs ?	two
20323	The people behind fence are watching the surfers as the run before the big wave hit them .	who are the people behind fence watching as the run ?	surfers
20324	A little boy wearing goggles jumps into a pool .	who is wearing goggles jumps into a pool ?	boy
20324	A little boy wearing goggles jumps into a pool .	the little boy wearing what jumps into a pool ?	goggles
20327	A line of people pick up a rope .	what do the line of people pick up ?	rope
20329	One side falls over and the crowd cheers .	how many side falls over and the crowd cheers ?	one
20330	A black screen appears with the words , `` Ticas Grooming Purse '' along with their url .	what appears with the words , `` ticas grooming purse '' along with their url ?	screen
20330	A black screen appears with the words , `` Ticas Grooming Purse '' along with their url .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
20331	A dog is then shown hanging from a silver pole with two straps on him .	what is then shown hanging from the silver pole with two straps on him ?	dog
20332	A human then begins grabbing the dogs paws as the little dog tries to bite her .	what then begins grabbing the dogs paws as the little dog tries to bite her ?	human
20333	The grooming continues and then the dog is eventually put back down on the ground .	what does the grooming continue and then is eventually put back down on the ground ?	dog
20334	A man is squatting down in a big open room talking .	who is squatting down in the big open room talking ?	man
20334	A man is squatting down in a big open room talking .	where is the man squatting down talking . ?	room
20335	The man demonstrates how to do a dance move .	who demonstrates how to do the dance move ?	man
20339	A girl in a pink shirt picks up the ball .	what does the girl in a pink shirt pick up ?	ball
20340	A man prepares himself on a dock to go water skiing .	who prepares himself on a dock to go water skiing ?	man
20342	The man holds onto the rope while gliding through the water , looking very confident and skilled .	who holds onto the rope while gliding through the water , looking very confident and skilled ?	man
20343	The boat is tied up on the dock and the man is finished for the day .	what is tied up on the dock and the man is finished for the day ?	boat
20343	The boat is tied up on the dock and the man is finished for the day .	who is the boat tied up on the dock and is finished for the day ?	man
20345	Two people are then seen moving around the tree decorating as well as turning the lights off .	how many people are then seen moving around the tree decorating as well as turning the lights off ?	two
20351	The man in blue helmet is paddling through the water current .	what is the color of the helmet ?	blue
20352	Two rafts are stuck in running water .	how many rafts are stuck in running water ?	two
20354	A man is shown playing a violin in front of a video game being played on tv .	who is shown playing the violin in front of a video game being played on tv ?	man
20355	The man continues playing the instrument while the tv in the background shows a game being played .	who continues playing the instrument while the tv in the background shows a game being played ?	man
20359	A seated man is using a sharpener to sharpen a large knife .	who is using the sharpener to sharpen a large knife ?	man
20359	A seated man is using a sharpener to sharpen a large knife .	what is the seated man using ?	sharpener
20361	The person is riding a blue single raft .	what is the person riding ?	raft
20361	The person is riding a blue single raft .	what is the color of the raft ?	blue
20362	The man is paddling through the strong current of water .	who is paddling through the strong current of water ?	man
20363	The man fell in the small falls .	who fell in the small falls ?	man
20365	The group prepares its equipment and then looks at its yurt .	what does the group prepare ?	equipment
20367	Several performers walk out of a box and it ends up being one male and one female .	who walk out of the box and it ends up being one male and one female ?	performers
20368	The lady then begins moving in strange ways and continuing telling a story in ballerina form .	who then begins moving in strange ways and continuing telling a story in ballerina form ?	lady
20370	A girl wearing a white ski jacket runs along the ski slope pulling an orange inner tube .	who is wearing a white ski jacket runs along the ski slope pulling an orange inner tube ?	girl
20370	A girl wearing a white ski jacket runs along the ski slope pulling an orange inner tube .	the girl wearing what runs along the ski slope pulling an orange inner tube ?	jacket
20370	A girl wearing a white ski jacket runs along the ski slope pulling an orange inner tube .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
20370	A girl wearing a white ski jacket runs along the ski slope pulling an orange inner tube .	what is the color of the tube ?	orange
20371	A tubing attendant assists a group of kids load up on their inner tubes .	who assists the group of kids load up on their inner tubes ?	attendant
20372	The kids slide down the slope together in their inner tubes .	who slide down the slope together in their inner tubes ?	kids
20373	The kids climb back up the tubing slope and slide down on their inner tubes once again .	who climb back up the tubing slope and slide down on their inner tubes once again ?	kids
20374	An older black male is standing in the kitchen ironing a dark grey t-shirt .	what is the color of the male ?	black
20374	An older black male is standing in the kitchen ironing a dark grey t-shirt .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	gray
20375	The man then pauses his ironing and looks at the person who is filming him and continues to put on his shirt .	who then pauses his ironing and looks at the person who is filming him and continues to put on his shirt ?	man
20376	A man is seen with messy hair and looking off in the distance .	who is seen with messy hair and looking off in the distance ?	man
20377	He holds up a coffee cup and turns towards the camera .	what does he hold up ?	cup
20379	An inflatable ball bounces on the grass as kids watch playing a game .	what bounces on the grass as kids watch playing a game ?	ball
20380	A young boy in blue shirt and jeans retrieves the ball and runs towards the group .	what does the young boy in blue shirt and jeans retrieve ?	ball
20381	This man is shown holding a pumpkin in the beginning of the video then he carves the top off and gets the seeds and everything else out of the pumpkin .	who is shown holding the pumpkin in the beginning of the video then he carves the top off and gets the seeds and everything else out of the pumpkin ?	man
20383	Then he puts the stencil on the pumpkin and carves a snow dog into the pumpkin .	what does then he put on the pumpkin ?	stencil
20383	Then he puts the stencil on the pumpkin and carves a snow dog into the pumpkin .	what does then he carve into the pumpkin ?	dog
20385	A woman explains that she will describe how to fold cloth napkins .	who explains that she will describe how to fold cloth napkins ?	woman
20387	She folds the napkin and continues to press it some more .	what does she fold ?	napkin
20389	A young boy mows the front lawn in a suburban residential neighborhood .	who mows the front lawn in a suburban residential neighborhood ?	boy
20391	The boy then walks the mower down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign .	who then walks the mower down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign ?	boy
20391	The boy then walks the mower down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign .	what does the boy then walk down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign ?	mower
20393	A man wearing a helmet is shown riding a skateboard with a long wooden plan base in various outdoors locations .	who is wearing a helmet is shown riding a skateboard with a long wooden plan base in various outdoors locations ?	man
20393	A man wearing a helmet is shown riding a skateboard with a long wooden plan base in various outdoors locations .	the man wearing what is shown riding a skateboard with a long wooden plan base in various outdoors locations ?	helmet
20397	Several other individuals riding other skateboards are shown .	several other individuals riding what are shown ?	skateboards
20398	The original skateboarder is shown again .	who is shown again ?	skateboarder
20399	A man is running through a concrete sidewalk with steps in his Kangaroo shoes .	who is running through the concrete sidewalk with steps in his kangaroo shoes ?	man
20401	There 's a man demonstrating how to use a hand setting tool .	who does there 's demonstrating how to use a hand setting tool ?	man
20403	He uses the tool to properly align the nails before hammering it in .	what does he use ?	tool
20405	Then he uses the alignment tool to show thew difference it makes to hammer a nail into wood when the tool is used .	what does then he use ?	tool
20410	As a timer counts , a boy is trying to solve a rubik 's cube .	who is , trying to solve the rubik 's cube ?	boy
20411	He solves the cube , and shakes hands with the other boys .	what does he solve ?	cube
20418	A man is dressed in bungee gear by another man .	who is dressed in bungee gear by another man ?	man
20420	man is in a kichen holding a pan on stove and preparing an omelette .	who is in the kichen holding a pan on stove and preparing an omelette ?	man
20421	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette .	who is holding the bag and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette ?	man
20421	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette .	what is man holding ?	bag
20421	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette .	man holds what , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette ?	pan
20421	man is holding a bag and holds the pan , grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette .	man holds the pan , grab and bend what ?	omelette
20422	A group of people are seen standing around bow and arrows then the camera camera down a long line of people shooting bows .	what does the group of people arrows then down a long line of people shooting bows ?	camera
20423	A man is then seen speaking to the camera followed by Several shots of random people shooting the arrows to a target .	who is then seen speaking to the camera followed by several shots of random people shooting the arrows to a target ?	man
20425	A red bowl contains a spoon and tuna fish in chunks .	what is the color of the bowl ?	red
20428	A man is rock climbing on a wall next to a rock .	who is rock climbing on a wall next to a rock ?	man
20428	A man is rock climbing on a wall next to a rock .	what is the man climbing on a wall next to a rock ?	rock
20430	A camera pans around a lake area and leads into a person climbing into a kayak .	what pans around the lake area and leads into a person climbing into a kayak ?	camera
20433	woman is posing to a camera in a white room .	who is posing to the camera in a white room ?	woman
20433	woman is posing to a camera in a white room .	what is the color of the room ?	white
20434	man is standing behind the wmoan cutting her hair with a scissor and the model is posing .	who is standing behind the wmoan cutting her hair with a scissor and the model is posing ?	man
20438	Then you see her a different purple belly dancing outfit dancing outside .	what is the color of the outfit ?	purple
20439	A man was peeling a potato using a green peeler .	who was peeling the potato using a green peeler ?	man
20439	A man was peeling a potato using a green peeler .	what was the man peeling ?	potato
20439	A man was peeling a potato using a green peeler .	what is the color of the peeler ?	green
20441	Thrown it in the container .	where do thrown it . ?	container
20444	A man is sitting in a chair .	who is sitting in the chair ?	man
20444	A man is sitting in a chair .	where is the man sitting . ?	chair
20446	A man watches him get the tattoo .	who watches him get the tattoo ?	man
20448	The first woman is shown again this time washing a large white sheet against the ground using the metal bucket again for the water supply .	who is shown again this time washing a large white sheet against the ground using the metal bucket again for the water supply ?	woman
20448	The first woman is shown again this time washing a large white sheet against the ground using the metal bucket again for the water supply .	what is the color of the sheet ?	white
20457	The man in brown shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	brown
20458	The man placed a tool on the carpet with long pole .	who placed the tool on the carpet with long pole ?	man
20458	The man placed a tool on the carpet with long pole .	what did the man place on the carpet with long pole ?	tool
20459	The man used the stretcher to flatten the carpet on the floor .	who used the stretcher to flatten the carpet on the floor ?	man
20459	The man used the stretcher to flatten the carpet on the floor .	what did the man use ?	stretcher
20467	A man is skating on a hockey rink and goes to make a goal .	who is skating on the hockey rink and goes to make a goal ?	man
20470	A team of yellow jerseys rushes onto the ice to congratulate him .	what is the color of the jerseys ?	yellow
20475	They skate across the ice and a man stands on the stands and holds up a trophy .	who do they skate across the ice and stands on the stands and holds up a trophy ?	man
20479	A man wearing a hat is seen putting on gloves and starting up a machine in some tall grass .	who is wearing a hat is seen putting on gloves and starting up a machine in some tall grass ?	man
20479	A man wearing a hat is seen putting on gloves and starting up a machine in some tall grass .	the man wearing what is seen putting on gloves and starting up a machine in some tall grass ?	hat
20480	The man then moves the machine all along the grass to cut it down .	who then moves the machine all along the grass to cut it down ?	man
20480	The man then moves the machine all along the grass to cut it down .	what does the man then move all along the grass to cut it down ?	machine
20482	A stick is being held from the ground .	what is being held from the ground ?	stick
20483	A man uses the croquette bat to hit a ball , then places it back to the ground .	who uses the croquette bat to hit a ball , then places it back to the ground ?	man
20483	A man uses the croquette bat to hit a ball , then places it back to the ground .	what does the man use ?	bat
20484	A woman is seated on the floor , talking about a vacuum cleaner .	who is seated on the floor , talking about a vacuum cleaner ?	woman
20487	A group of people are in a house .	where are the group of people . ?	house
20488	A man is mopping the floor with a mop .	who is mopping the floor with a mop ?	man
20488	A man is mopping the floor with a mop .	what is the man mopping with a mop ?	floor
20489	Another boy attempts to walk through where he is mopping .	who attempts to walk through where he is mopping ?	boy
20490	The man takes a drink of beer and complains to the camera .	who takes the drink of beer and complains to the camera ?	man
20493	A globe is turning with writing in front of it .	what is turning with writing in front of it ?	globe
20494	A man throws a bowling ball into various pins .	who throws the bowling ball into various pins ?	man
20494	A man throws a bowling ball into various pins .	what does the man throw into various pins ?	ball
20495	He bounces it off of trampoline and knocks pins down .	what does he knock down ?	pins
20496	The throws a bowling ball off a bridge .	what does the throw off a bridge ?	ball
20497	A woman throws the ball down at pins .	who throws the ball down at pins ?	woman
20497	A woman throws the ball down at pins .	what does the woman throw down at pins ?	ball
20498	A man catches the bowling ball and throws it to pins .	who catches the bowling ball and throws it to pins ?	man
20498	A man catches the bowling ball and throws it to pins .	what does the man catch ?	ball
20499	A man bounces it off a car and hits pins .	who bounces it off a car and hits pins ?	man
20499	A man bounces it off a car and hits pins .	what does the man hit ?	pins
20501	A man throws a bowling ball down a slide and a person catches it at the bottom .	who throws the bowling ball down a slide and a person catches it at the bottom ?	man
20501	A man throws a bowling ball down a slide and a person catches it at the bottom .	what does the man throw down a slide and a person catches it at the bottom ?	ball
20502	A man throws a bowling ball up a hill and it rolls back down and hits pins .	who throws the bowling ball up a hill and it rolls back down and hits pins ?	man
20502	A man throws a bowling ball up a hill and it rolls back down and hits pins .	what does the man throw up a hill and it rolls back down and hits pins ?	ball
20502	A man throws a bowling ball up a hill and it rolls back down and hits pins .	what does the man throw a bowling ball up a hill and it rolls back down and hits ?	pins
20503	Two men bounce balls off trampolines to hit pins .	two men bounce what off trampolines to hit pins ?	balls
20503	Two men bounce balls off trampolines to hit pins .	how many men bounce balls off trampolines to hit pins ?	two
20504	A remote control car drives the bowling ball to hit pins .	what drives the bowling ball to hit pins ?	car
20504	A remote control car drives the bowling ball to hit pins .	what does the remote control car drive ?	ball
20505	Two men high five after knocking pins down .	how many men high five after is knocking pins down ?	two
20506	A man standing on top of a building throws a ball down and hits pins .	what does the man standing on top of a building throw down ?	ball
20506	A man standing on top of a building throws a ball down and hits pins .	what does the man standing on top of a building hit ?	pins
20507	Two dancers dance in the center of the floor where there are n't many people watching .	who dance in the center of the floor where there are n't many people watching ?	dancers
20507	Two dancers dance in the center of the floor where there are n't many people watching .	how many dancers dance in the center of the floor where there are n't many people watching ?	two
20508	They 're both wearing black decor and they 're turning the batons in many different ways and music is playing .	what do they 're both wearing and they 're turning the batons in many different ways and music is playing ?	decor
20508	They 're both wearing black decor and they 're turning the batons in many different ways and music is playing .	what is the color of the decor ?	black
20510	Two boys and two girls compete beer pong while other persons watch .	what do two boys and two girls compete ?	pong
20511	Almost all the balls throw by the boys land in the cups , only one ball is missed .	what throw by the boys land in the cups , only one ball is missed ?	balls
20512	The girls talk each other while looking the boys .	who talk each other while looking the boys ?	girls
20512	The girls talk each other while looking the boys .	the girls talk each other while looking who ?	boys
20514	He picks up a torch , and begins welding .	what does he pick up ?	torch
20516	A woman is sweeping in front of a barn .	who is sweeping in front of a barn ?	woman
20517	Chickens are on the ground behind her .	what are on the ground behind her ?	chickens
20520	A woman is brushing a horse with a brush .	who is brushing the horse with a brush ?	woman
20520	A woman is brushing a horse with a brush .	what is the woman brushing with a brush ?	horse
20522	A pocket knife is taken from wooden box and held with a clamp .	what is taken from wooden box and held with a clamp ?	knife
20523	The man uses sharpening stones on the blade of the knife .	who uses sharpening stones on the blade of the knife ?	man
20524	The man cuts through pieces of paper to show the knifes sharpness .	who cuts through pieces of paper to show the knifes sharpness ?	man
20527	A woman rolls a kick ball on the field .	who rolls the kick ball on the field ?	woman
20528	The ball is returned to the field by someone on the sideline .	what is returned to the field by someone on the sideline ?	ball
20529	A boy runs around the bases on the field .	who runs around the bases on the field ?	boy
20531	A boy kicks the ball and the other players run around the bases .	who kicks the ball and the other players run around the bases ?	boy
20534	There are spectators watching her as she swings swiftly .	who are there watching her as she swings swiftly ?	spectators
20535	She gets off the bars and is congratulated by her coach .	what does she get off ?	bars
20537	the winners stand on stage to receive their medals of victory .	who stand on stage to receive their medals of victory ?	winners
20540	A man is hoisted onto the shoulders of another man and is then thrown down onto a table , which breaks in half with the force of his weight .	who is hoisted onto the shoulders of another man and is then thrown down onto a table , which breaks in half with the force of his weight ?	man
20541	A red haired man talks to a camera near the end of the clip .	who did the red haired to a camera near the end of the clip ?	talks
20542	Two men are talking on the sidewalk .	how many men are talking on the sidewalk ?	two
20543	An orange fork lift goes by behind them .	what goes by behind them ?	lift
20543	An orange fork lift goes by behind them .	what is the color of the lift ?	orange
20544	One of the men is brushing the other mans hair .	who is one of the men brushing ?	hair
20545	The man in the red shirt plays with his hair .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
20546	A man standing in front of orange flowers talks .	what is the color of the flowers ?	orange
20547	A small dog is laying on the ground .	what is laying on the ground ?	dog
20549	A woman is sitting on a bed with the dog .	who is sitting on the bed with the dog ?	woman
20550	Her and the dog are in the shower .	where are her and the dog . ?	shower
20551	She is spraying the dog with water .	what is she spraying with water ?	dog
20552	A bottle is being held up to be shown .	what is being held up to be shown ?	bottle
20553	She dries the dog off with a white towel .	what does she dry off with a white towel ?	dog
20553	She dries the dog off with a white towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
20554	A robot is dancing on the screen .	what is dancing on the screen ?	robot
20556	A man on a tractor is pulling a kid on a tube over mounds of snow over and over .	who is the man on a tractor pulling on a tube over mounds of snow over and over ?	kid
20557	It ends with the boy close up , and another eating cereal from the top of a staircase .	what does it end with the boy close up , and another eating from the top of a staircase ?	cereal
20559	He is standing near an elevated blue bike with several tools displayed on a wall behind him .	what is the color of the bike ?	blue
20560	He is using an Allen key to lever the bike tire .	what is he using ?	key
20561	He rotates the bike tire and then uses the Allen key to adjust the screws .	what does he rotate ?	tire
20561	He rotates the bike tire and then uses the Allen key to adjust the screws .	he then uses what ?	key
20566	The man then puts on a helmet , the bar is let down and he begins jumping over a hill .	who then puts on the helmet , the bar is let down and he begins jumping over a hill ?	man
20566	The man then puts on a helmet , the bar is let down and he begins jumping over a hill .	what does the man then put on a helmet , is let down and he begins jumping over a hill ?	bar
20567	The man then reappears and the reflection of racing is shown in his eye before he walks off .	who then reappears and the reflection of racing is shown in his eye before he walks off ?	man
20568	A blonde woman runs and does a high jump repeatedly .	who runs and does the high jump repeatedly ?	woman
20569	A woman in white in the background does a high jump .	what is the color of the woman ?	white
20570	A black lady walks past the camera .	who walks past the camera ?	lady
20570	A black lady walks past the camera .	what is the color of the lady ?	black
20571	The black lady appears again and adjusts something on the ground .	who appears again and adjusts something on the ground ?	lady
20571	The black lady appears again and adjusts something on the ground .	what is the color of the lady ?	black
20572	A man raises a red flag .	who raises the red flag ?	man
20572	A man raises a red flag .	what does the man raise ?	flag
20572	A man raises a red flag .	what is the color of the flag ?	red
20578	The girl begins her baton routine and starts her routine and twirls the batons and her body .	who begins her baton routine and starts her routine and twirls the batons and her body ?	girl
20578	The girl begins her baton routine and starts her routine and twirls the batons and her body .	the girl begins what and starts her routine ?	routine
20580	The girl drops her baton , picks it up and then continues on with her routine .	who drops her baton , picks it up and then continues on with her routine ?	girl
20580	The girl drops her baton , picks it up and then continues on with her routine .	what does the girl drop ?	baton
20581	A man is deep water scuba diving with some type of machine as if he is searching for something .	who is deep water scuba diving with some type of machine as if he is searching for something ?	man
20583	The man continues traveling through the water at a slow pace but he is n't finding anything .	who continues traveling through the water at a slow pace but he is n't finding anything ?	man
20584	Two dancers engage in a ballroom dance in front of a live band and a full televised audience .	who engage in the ballroom dance in front of a live band and a full televised audience ?	dancers
20584	Two dancers engage in a ballroom dance in front of a live band and a full televised audience .	how many dancers engage in the ballroom dance in front of a live band and a full televised audience ?	two
20586	A phone number inviting people to call in and vote for them appears on the screen along with the network logo .	what is inviting people to call in and vote for them appears on the screen along with the network logo ?	number
20589	The woman reaches down and lifts a bar .	who reaches down and lifts the bar ?	woman
20589	The woman reaches down and lifts a bar .	what does the woman lift ?	bar
20593	She brings the bar back over her head and drops it down to the ground .	what does she bring back over her head ?	bar
20594	A small child is seen swinging at a pinata with a large group of children behind them .	who is seen swinging at the pinata with a large group of children behind them ?	child
20595	More kids stand up to take a swing at the pinata as parents walk around the kids .	who stand up to take the swing at the pinata as parents walk around the kids ?	kids
20596	One last girl attempts to break the pinata in the end .	who attempts to break the pinata in the end ?	girl
20596	One last girl attempts to break the pinata in the end .	how many last girl attempts to break the pinata in the end ?	one
20600	A man wearing glasses is seen speaking to the camera in a tattoo shop .	who is wearing glasses is seen speaking to the camera in a tattoo shop ?	man
20600	A man wearing glasses is seen speaking to the camera in a tattoo shop .	the man wearing what is seen speaking to the camera in a tattoo shop ?	glasses
20601	The man is laying on a table and waving to the camera .	who is laying on the table and waving to the camera ?	man
20602	He shows his outline and a man begins tattooing his leg .	who does he show his outline and begins tattooing his leg ?	man
20603	A young girl is seen sitting in front of the camera running a brush down her long hair .	who is seen sitting in front of the camera running a brush down her long hair ?	girl
20607	A man wearing white shirt clean his face while looking a mirror .	who is wearing white shirt clean his face while looking a mirror ?	man
20607	A man wearing white shirt clean his face while looking a mirror .	the man wearing what clean his face while looking a mirror ?	shirt
20607	A man wearing white shirt clean his face while looking a mirror .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
20608	A biker seated on a bike revs the engine .	the biker seated on a bike revs what ?	engine
20611	A man is seen playing a bongo drum quickly moving his hands all around the instrument .	who is seen playing the bongo drum quickly moving his hands all around the instrument ?	man
20612	He continuously plays the drum while closing his eyes in concentration and ends by hitting his hands faster .	he continuously plays what while closing his eyes in concentration ?	drum
20613	A man is shown holding a knife while taking to the camera and smiling .	who is shown holding the knife while taking to the camera and smiling ?	man
20615	He then sharpens the knife on the machine next to the vegetable and shows how much better it works .	what does he then sharpen on the machine next to the vegetable ?	knife
20616	A woman folds towels on an ironing board at home .	who folds towels on an ironing board at home ?	woman
20616	A woman folds towels on an ironing board at home .	what does the woman fold on an ironing board at home ?	towels
20617	Different clothing items are seen such as shirts , socks , and ties .	what are seen such as shirts , socks , and ties ?	items
20618	The woman adds a tag to a piece of clothing and irons it in place .	who adds the tag to a piece of clothing and irons it in place ?	woman
20620	There 's man dressed in a blue shirt and blue shorts shooting darts in a room that has beige walls .	who does there 's dressed in a blue shirt and blue shorts shooting darts in a room that has beige walls ?	man
20620	There 's man dressed in a blue shirt and blue shorts shooting darts in a room that has beige walls .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
20620	There 's man dressed in a blue shirt and blue shorts shooting darts in a room that has beige walls .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
20621	He has two darts in his hands which he aims and shoots at a target .	how many darts does he have in his hands which he aims and shoots at a target ?	two
20622	A woman in a black shirt is talking in front of a Christmas tree .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
20624	She places a gold bow on the top of the tree .	what does she place on the top of the tree ?	bow
20625	Three women are talking in front of the tree .	who are talking in front of the tree ?	women
20625	Three women are talking in front of the tree .	how many women are talking in front of the tree ?	three
20627	Two individuals walk by in the background .	how many individuals walk by in the background ?	two
20628	Another two individuals walk by in the background .	how many individuals walk by in the background ?	two
20629	An athletic man is seen standing ready and runs down a long track into a sand pit .	who is seen standing ready and runs down the long track into a sand pit ?	man
20630	The man walks away while looking into the audience followed by another man running into the pit .	who walks away while looking into the audience followed by another man running into the pit ?	man
20632	A camera ia seen showing the outside of a home followed by a girl sitting in a tub .	what seen showing the outside of a home followed by a girl sitting in a tub ?	ia
20635	A young lady explains how to put makeup on the eye lid using a brush .	who explains how to put makeup on the eye lid using a brush ?	lady
20636	The young lady use an eyeliner to paint the border of the top lid .	who use an eyeliner to paint the border of the top lid ?	lady
20637	Then , she puts mascara to her eyelashes , and paint the the lower lid .	what does then , she put to her eyelashes ?	mascara
20638	After , she brush her cheek and put lipstick on the lips .	what do after , she put on the lips ?	lipstick
20642	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while a group of people sit in tubes around her .	who is seen speaking to the camera while a group of people sit in tubes around her ?	woman
20643	The other people smile and wave to the camera while showing off the other tubes .	what are the other people smile and wave to the camera while showing off ?	tubes
20645	A woman is seen speaking to the camera as well as other people in a car wit her .	who is seen speaking to the camera as well as other people in a car wit her ?	woman
20647	They 're shown singing in the car and waiting to get a tattoo down while still speaking to the camera .	where do they 're shown singing and waiting to get a tattoo down while still speaking to the camera . ?	car
20648	The girls are then each shown getting tattoos done and ends with pictures of their tattoos being shown off .	who are then each shown getting tattoos done and ends with pictures of their tattoos being shown off ?	girls
20649	An orange rope is tied to a tree and dangling in the wind .	what is tied to the tree and dangling in the wind ?	rope
20649	An orange rope is tied to a tree and dangling in the wind .	what is the color of the rope ?	orange
20650	A man steps up on the rope and begins to walk across it .	who steps up on the rope and begins to walk across it ?	man
20651	The man jumps down off of the rope and starts at the beginning to walk across it .	who jumps down off of the rope and starts at the beginning to walk across it ?	man
20652	The man jumps off again and gets back on the rope and jumps off .	who jumps off again and gets back on the rope and jumps off ?	man
20653	The man tightens the rope .	who tightens the rope ?	man
20653	The man tightens the rope .	what does the man tighten ?	rope
20654	The camera shows the ground .	what shows the ground ?	camera
20656	The camera focuses on water dripping down .	what focuses on water dripping down ?	camera
20657	The man rearranges himself on the mower .	who rearranges himself on the mower ?	man
20659	The camera focuses on the running water again .	what focuses on the running water again ?	camera
20661	Then switches back to the running water .	what do then back to the running water ?	switches
20663	The lady pauses to line up her shot .	who pauses to line up her shot ?	lady
20664	The lady holds the pinata as she hits it .	who holds the pinata as she hits it ?	lady
20664	The lady holds the pinata as she hits it .	what does the lady hold ?	pinata
20665	A man takes the bat from the ladies hands .	who takes the bat from the ladies hands ?	man
20666	a man in a lab coat uses a swiffer broom .	what does the man in a lab coat use ?	broom
20668	The floor shines as it comes clean beneath his feet .	what shines as it comes clean beneath his feet ?	floor
20669	A man stands with a bicycle on a rack and shows its different parts and features including the wheels .	who stands with the bicycle on a rack and shows its different parts and features including the wheels ?	man
20670	The man turns the crank and the wheel spins on the bike .	who turns the crank and the wheel spins on the bike ?	man
20671	The man spins the front wheel by hand .	who spins the front wheel by hand ?	man
20671	The man spins the front wheel by hand .	what does the man spin by hand ?	wheel
20672	The man tightens a screw with his hand tool .	who tightens the screw with his hand tool ?	man
20676	A man in a blue shirt is standing in front of them running around .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
20677	A reporter talks in a TV set , then a reporter talks in a park , then a map of London is shown .	who did the reporter talks in a tv set , then talks in a park , then a map of london is shown ?	reporter
20678	A man shows a bag with a cigarette and then it is show next of papers .	who shows the bag with a cigarette and then it is show next of papers ?	man
20679	After , the man is in a backyard explaining to the reporter .	who is after , in the backyard explaining to the reporter ?	man
20682	Two young men arm wrestle in a kitchen using a standing cat chair as an table .	how many young men arm wrestle in the kitchen using a standing cat chair as an table ?	two
20683	A young man in a white tank top places his elbow on a elevated cat chair along with another young man in a black shirt .	what is the color of the top ?	white
20683	A young man in a white tank top places his elbow on a elevated cat chair along with another young man in a black shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
20684	The two young men begin to arm wrestle .	how many young men begin to arm wrestle ?	two
20692	And ending title screen is shown .	what is and ending is shown ?	screen
20693	A man is standing behind a bar .	who is standing behind the bar ?	man
20696	He adds ice to the glass and pours alcohol in .	what does he pour in ?	alcohol
20697	He shakes the drink and pours it into a tall glass .	what does he shake ?	drink
20700	A man trims the bush on the lawn with a electric cutter .	who trims the bush on the lawn with a electric cutter ?	man
20703	Then , the man put the rod in a hole and sparks come out , after the man end doing sparkles .	then , who put the rod in a hole and sparks come out , after the man end doing sparkles ?	man
20703	Then , the man put the rod in a hole and sparks come out , after the man end doing sparkles .	what did then , the man put in a hole ?	rod
20706	The woman then uses the same tool to remove the tire from the rim .	who then uses the same tool to remove the tire from the rim ?	woman
20706	The woman then uses the same tool to remove the tire from the rim .	what does the woman then use ?	tool
20707	The person filming shows an iPhone 's timer at various points to show how long a step should take .	what does the person filming show at various points ?	timer
20708	The tool that removes the tier from the rim is shown and how it works .	what is shown and how it works ?	tool
20709	A man opens a Bridgestone locker or machine to show the inside .	who opens the bridgestone locker or machine to show the inside ?	man
20712	The man ropes the calf and jumps off the horse to tie him up then walks back to the horse .	who ropes the calf and jumps off the horse to tie him up then walks back to the horse ?	man
20712	The man ropes the calf and jumps off the horse to tie him up then walks back to the horse .	what does the man rope ?	calf
20712	The man ropes the calf and jumps off the horse to tie him up then walks back to the horse .	what does the man jump off ?	horse
20713	A young girl runs through the living room dropping flowers and dirt around .	who runs through the living room dropping flowers and dirt around ?	girl
20714	A woman grabs a vacuum and vacuums the floor .	who grabs the vacuum and vacuums the floor ?	woman
20714	A woman grabs a vacuum and vacuums the floor .	what does the woman vacuum ?	floor
20715	She inserts a tool into the vacuum and vacuums along the baseboards .	what did she insert into the vacuum and vacuums along the baseboards ?	tool
20719	A beautiful young woman holding a violin in hand begins to motion back and forth against the strings with the bow to play a song that she has practiced .	who is holding a violin in hand begins to motion back and forth against the strings with the bow to play a song that she has practiced ?	woman
20720	The woman stops playing and smiles once more before walking out of view of the camera putting the violin down and ending the song .	who stops playing and smiles once more before walking out of view of the camera putting the violin down and ending the song ?	woman
20723	A man is standing and talking to the camera .	who is standing and talking to the camera ?	man
20724	A man stands on metal stilts an pulls a large straight edge over a ceiling to flatten out the plaster .	who stands on metal stilts an pulls a large straight edge over a ceiling to flatten out the plaster ?	man
20725	The man reaches the nearest side and then turns around to continue .	who reaches the nearest side and then turns around to continue ?	man
20726	The man reaches the far side of the room and turns around to continue .	who reaches the far side of the room and turns around to continue ?	man
20727	The man finishes and lowers the straight edge tool smiling .	who finishes and lowers the straight edge tool smiling ?	man
20727	The man finishes and lowers the straight edge tool smiling .	what does the man lower ?	tool
20728	We see half a cake on a form with a person hand pointing to things .	what do we see on a form with a person hand pointing to things ?	cake
20731	We see a whole globe covered in chocolate .	what do we see covered in chocolate ?	globe
20732	A woman in a red suit is talking behind a desk .	what is the color of the suit ?	red
20733	A man is standing up holding his foot behind is back .	who is standing up holding his foot behind is back ?	man
20735	A man in a blue shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
20736	A woman in a black shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
20739	the man then skateboards down a busy street .	who then skateboards down the busy street ?	man
20741	The boarder takes a right turn .	who takes the right turn ?	boarder
20742	The cars drive by and the scene ends .	what drive by and the scene ends ?	cars
20743	Athletes throw a javelin across the field during a competition in a stadium .	who throw the javelin across the field during a competition in a stadium ?	athletes
20744	The athlete is not pleased with his throw and slaps his legs in frustration .	who is not pleased with his throw and slaps his legs in frustration ?	athlete
20745	The athlete is moderately pleased with his throw and claps his hands walking away and nods his head .	who is moderately pleased with his throw and claps his hands walking away and nods his head ?	athlete
20746	A scoreboard is seen with the results of the competition .	what is seen with the results of the competition ?	scoreboard
20747	A man demonstrates how to apply make up to a face by applying make up to his own face in the camera .	who demonstrates how to apply make up to the face by applying make up to his own face in the camera ?	man
20748	A man talks to the camera , close up , while standing in front of a mirror .	who talks to the camera , close up , while standing in front of a mirror ?	man
20749	The man begins to put on makeup blush using a brush and brushing across the apples of his cheeks .	who begins to put on makeup blush using a brush and brushing across the apples of his cheeks ?	man
20750	The man then runs a crayon like makeup tool across his cheeks before returning to apply blush to his cheeks and forehead .	who then runs the crayon like makeup tool across his cheeks before returning to apply blush to his cheeks and forehead ?	man
20751	the man then uses a narrow and wide brush across his cheeks and then back to the regular brush for the same areas of his face .	who then uses the narrow and wide brush across his cheeks and then back to the regular brush for the same areas of his face ?	man
20752	A toy bear wearing red and white overalls pours a cup of coffee into a yellow coffee cup .	what is wearing red and white overalls pours a cup of coffee into a yellow coffee cup ?	bear
20752	A toy bear wearing red and white overalls pours a cup of coffee into a yellow coffee cup .	what is the color of the cup ?	yellow
20753	The camera man zooms in on the toy bear from a side view to a front view .	who zooms in on the toy bear from a side view to a front view ?	man
20754	The camera man pans out and moves to a side view of the toy bear and zooms out .	who pans out and moves to the side view of the toy bear and zooms out ?	man
20755	There 's a girl wearing a brown Cheers shirt doing a demonstration on how to paint her nails .	who does there 's wearing a brown cheers shirt doing a demonstration on how to paint her nails ?	girl
20755	There 's a girl wearing a brown Cheers shirt doing a demonstration on how to paint her nails .	there 's a girl wearing what doing a demonstration on how to paint her nails ?	shirt
20755	There 's a girl wearing a brown Cheers shirt doing a demonstration on how to paint her nails .	what is the color of the shirt ?	brown
20759	She talks in the camera as two boys stand behind her trying to participating in the video tutorial .	how many boys does she talk in the camera as stand behind her trying to participating in the video tutorial ?	two
20759	She talks in the camera as two boys stand behind her trying to participating in the video tutorial .	where does she talk as two boys stand behind her trying to participating in the video tutorial . ?	camera
20760	A girl jumps onto a balance beam .	who jumps onto the balance beam ?	girl
20763	A young girl giving a make up tutorial .	who is giving a make up tutorial ?	girl
20770	Another man is seen doing a flip on a rock and more shots people walking and jumping onto the string are shown .	who is seen doing the flip on a rock and more shots people walking and jumping onto the string are shown ?	man
20773	Two men stands on front a tall hedge holding trimmers .	how many men stands on front a tall hedge holding trimmers ?	two
20775	Leaves falls from the top of the hedge .	what falls from the top of the hedge ?	leaves
20776	Two people are standing face to face under a spotlight .	how many people are standing face to face under a spotlight ?	two
20777	The man wearing a black and white suit simulates a slap to the woman wearing a dress on the right .	who is wearing a black and white suit simulates a slap to the woman wearing a dress on the right ?	man
20777	The man wearing a black and white suit simulates a slap to the woman wearing a dress on the right .	the man wearing what simulates a slap to the woman wearing a dress on the right ?	suit
20778	The three continue to dance until the man in the black tank top picks the woman up and throws her to the ground and leaves the dance floor .	what does the three leave ?	floor
20778	The three continue to dance until the man in the black tank top picks the woman up and throws her to the ground and leaves the dance floor .	what is the color of the top ?	black
20780	A white intro screen appears and red letters in a foreign language appear flashing on the screen .	what appears and red letters in a foreign language appear flashing on the screen ?	screen
20780	A white intro screen appears and red letters in a foreign language appear flashing on the screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
20780	A white intro screen appears and red letters in a foreign language appear flashing on the screen .	what is the color of the letters ?	red
20781	A white bowl filled with water and 3 potatoes appear in one bowl , and ice cubes are in another white bowl .	what filled with water and 3 potatoes appear in one bowl , and ice cubes are in another white bowl ?	bowl
20781	A white bowl filled with water and 3 potatoes appear in one bowl , and ice cubes are in another white bowl .	the white bowl filled with water and 3 potatoes appear in one bowl , and what are in another white bowl ?	cubes
20781	A white bowl filled with water and 3 potatoes appear in one bowl , and ice cubes are in another white bowl .	what is the color of the bowl ?	white
20781	A white bowl filled with water and 3 potatoes appear in one bowl , and ice cubes are in another white bowl .	what is the color of the bowl ?	white
20782	A hand then grabs the top potato , the bowl of ice cubes and pours the cubes into a bigger white bowl that already has water in it .	what does the hand then pour into a bigger white bowl that already has water in it ?	cubes
20782	A hand then grabs the top potato , the bowl of ice cubes and pours the cubes into a bigger white bowl that already has water in it .	what is the color of the bowl ?	white
20783	The white outro screen appears and more foreign red letters appear .	what appears and more foreign red letters appear ?	screen
20783	The white outro screen appears and more foreign red letters appear .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
20785	Jesse the dog runs and catches Frisbee .	what does jesse run and catches frisbee ?	dog
20786	We see Jesse close up in the camera .	where do we see jesse close up . ?	camera
20788	We see five still shots of Jesse jumping in the air .	how many still shots do we see of jesse jumping in the air ?	five
20790	We see the end credits on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
20791	A woman is shown preparing to lift a barbell into the air .	who is shown preparing to lift the barbell into the air ?	woman
20793	She drops the barbell to the ground .	what does she drop to the ground ?	barbell
20796	The man picks up an orange packet from the table and later a smaller yellow packet and an orange device , all while talking .	who picks up an orange packet from the table and later a smaller yellow packet and an orange device , all while talking ?	man
20796	The man picks up an orange packet from the table and later a smaller yellow packet and an orange device , all while talking .	what is the color of the packet ?	orange
20796	The man picks up an orange packet from the table and later a smaller yellow packet and an orange device , all while talking .	what is the color of the device ?	orange
20797	The man then places the yellow packet and orange device on the table next to each other on a metal table .	who then places the yellow packet and orange device on the table next to each other on a metal table ?	man
20798	A person picks up a paint brush and can of varnish on an outside lawn .	what does the person pick up ?	brush
20799	The person paints a coat various boards leaning up against an exterior wall of home .	what does the person paint a coat leaning up against an exterior wall of home ?	boards
20801	A person goes over the water fall in a green kayak .	what is the color of the kayak ?	green
20804	They crack a nut and put that into the bowl .	what do they crack ?	nut
20805	They crack another nut over a black tray .	what is the color of the tray ?	black
20806	woman is kneeling down in the floor talking to the camera holding a bend slide and opens it in the living room .	who is kneeling down in the floor talking to the camera holding a bend slide and opens it in the living room ?	woman
20806	woman is kneeling down in the floor talking to the camera holding a bend slide and opens it in the living room .	where is woman kneeling down talking to the camera holding a bend slide . ?	floor
20807	dog is walking behind th woman .	what is walking behind th woman ?	dog
20808	baby is walking to the woman and climb to the slide .	who is walking to the woman and climb to the slide ?	baby
20809	Three girls are seen standing behind a counter speaking to the camera with one spreading butter around a pan .	who are seen standing behind the counter speaking to the camera with one spreading butter around a pan ?	girls
20809	Three girls are seen standing behind a counter speaking to the camera with one spreading butter around a pan .	how many girls are seen standing behind the counter speaking to the camera with one spreading butter around a pan ?	three
20810	Another mixes ingredients into a bowl with another girl 's help and the girls lick the spoon used afterwards .	what does another mix into a bowl with another girl 's help and the girls lick the spoon used afterwards ?	ingredients
20810	Another mixes ingredients into a bowl with another girl 's help and the girls lick the spoon used afterwards .	who does another mix ingredients into a bowl with another girl 's help and lick the spoon used afterwards ?	girls
20810	Another mixes ingredients into a bowl with another girl 's help and the girls lick the spoon used afterwards .	what does another mix ingredients into a bowl with another girl 's help and the girls lick used afterwards ?	spoon
20812	Frosting is then seen all over the cake and the girl 's spread it around and serve pieces onto a plate , followed by them eating on in a living room .	who is frosting then seen all over the cake and 's spread it around and serve pieces onto a plate , followed by them eating on in a living room ?	girl
20812	Frosting is then seen all over the cake and the girl 's spread it around and serve pieces onto a plate , followed by them eating on in a living room .	what is frosting then seen all over the cake and the girl 's spread it around and serve onto a plate , followed by them eating on in a living room ?	pieces
20813	A large exercise machine is shown .	what is exercise shown ?	machine
20814	A man sits down and starts working out on the exercise machine .	who sits down and starts working out on the exercise machine ?	man
20815	A car is seen sitting inside a car wash on a security camera with rags moving up and down the vehicle .	what is seen sitting inside the car wash on a security camera with rags moving up and down the vehicle ?	car
20816	A man then opens his door which is followed by the machine taking off the door and the car driving away .	who then opens his door which is followed by the machine taking off the door and the car driving away ?	man
20819	Two people are cooking in pans on the oven .	how many people are cooking in pans on the oven ?	two
20820	Two plates of food are on the counter .	how many plates of food are on the counter ?	two
20822	There 's a man in a red shirt and brown hat blowing leaves off his driveway with a leaf blower .	what does there 's a man in a red shirt and leaves off his driveway with a leaf blower ?	blowing
20822	There 's a man in a red shirt and brown hat blowing leaves off his driveway with a leaf blower .	what does there 's a man in a red shirt and brown hat blowing leaves off with a leaf blower ?	driveway
20822	There 's a man in a red shirt and brown hat blowing leaves off his driveway with a leaf blower .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
20822	There 's a man in a red shirt and brown hat blowing leaves off his driveway with a leaf blower .	what is the color of the blowing ?	brown
20824	Then he moves towards where his white van is parked .	what is the color of the van ?	white
20827	There 's a woman in a pink dress sitting with a man in a gray shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
20834	The injured woman gets up and looks in the mirror only find out that she has the face of the man from the beach .	who gets up and looks in the mirror only find out that she has the face of the man from the beach ?	woman
20835	The same man is now back on the beach , walking along the shore .	who is now back on the beach , walking along the shore ?	man
20837	A man is paddle rowing on a surfboard in a body of water , when he begins to surf the ocean waves using the paddle to navigate and guide the surfboard .	who is paddle rowing on a surfboard in a body of water , when he begins to surf the ocean waves using the paddle to navigate and guide the surfboard ?	man
20838	Another man is shown in a red outfit performing the same feat with the paddle along with yet another man in a green shirt .	who is shown in the red outfit performing the same feat with the paddle along with yet another man in a green shirt ?	man
20838	Another man is shown in a red outfit performing the same feat with the paddle along with yet another man in a green shirt .	what is the color of the outfit ?	red
20838	Another man is shown in a red outfit performing the same feat with the paddle along with yet another man in a green shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
20840	One man beats the other and the two hold up their arms to cheer and everybody celebrates .	who beats the other and the two hold up their arms to cheer and everybody celebrates ?	man
20840	One man beats the other and the two hold up their arms to cheer and everybody celebrates .	how many man beats the other and the two hold up their arms to cheer and everybody celebrates ?	one
20841	One man in the audience looks disappointing and the winner holds up a boy .	who does one man in the audience look disappointing and holds up a boy ?	winner
20841	One man in the audience looks disappointing and the winner holds up a boy .	who does one man in the audience look disappointing and the winner holds up ?	boy
20841	One man in the audience looks disappointing and the winner holds up a boy .	how many man in the audience looks disappointing ?	one
20843	More and more gymnasts are shown jumping off of a beam and onto uneven bars .	who are more and more shown jumping off of the beam and onto uneven bars ?	gymnasts
20844	Several woman are shown back to back performing these tricks .	who are shown back to back performing these tricks ?	woman
20845	A female ballet dancer is in a studio room by herself wearing a purple leotard with a skirt attached to it .	who is in the studio room by herself wearing a purple leotard with a skirt attached to it ?	dancer
20845	A female ballet dancer is in a studio room by herself wearing a purple leotard with a skirt attached to it .	what is the color of the leotard ?	purple
20845	A female ballet dancer is in a studio room by herself wearing a purple leotard with a skirt attached to it .	where is the female ballet dancer . ?	room
20850	Cars are passing by and he just continues to drum like it 's normal .	what are passing by and he just continues to drum like it 's normal ?	cars
20852	A woman is styling the hair of a mannequin .	who is styling the hair of a mannequin ?	woman
20855	Film strips appear to roll across the screen .	what appear to roll across the screen ?	strips
20856	A man is using a telescoping pole by the side of a building .	who is using the telescoping pole by the side of a building ?	man
20856	A man is using a telescoping pole by the side of a building .	what is the man using by the side of a building ?	pole
20860	A boat is floating on the water .	what is floating on the water ?	boat
20862	The camera is scanning the boat .	what is scanning the boat ?	camera
20862	The camera is scanning the boat .	what is the camera scanning ?	boat
20863	Two women are sitting on the boat , one is poking the other .	who are sitting on the boat , one is poking the other ?	women
20863	Two women are sitting on the boat , one is poking the other .	how many women are sitting on the boat ?	two
20865	A woman is on the board and holding on to a line attached to the boat .	who is on the board and holding on to a line attached to the boat ?	woman
20866	A woman is driving the boat while the other woman is boarding behind her .	who is driving the boat while the other woman is boarding behind her ?	woman
20866	A woman is driving the boat while the other woman is boarding behind her .	what is the woman driving ?	boat
20867	A woman is taking a selfie while on the boat .	who is taking the selfie while on the boat ?	woman
20868	The woman is doing tricks with the board on the water .	who is doing tricks with the board on the water ?	woman
20870	The man in red jacket is skiing on the slope .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
20871	The man in is skiing down slope with is knees bend down .	who in is skiing down slope with is knees bend down ?	man
20872	The man is skiing down the mountain .	who is skiing down the mountain ?	man
20874	The man takes the top off and sprays the shoes .	who takes the top off and sprays the shoes ?	man
20875	The man uses the brush on the shoe to rub the shoe .	who uses the brush on the shoe to rub the shoe ?	man
20876	The man puts the top back on the can .	who puts the top back on the can ?	man
20877	The man gets up and grabs the camera .	who gets up and grabs the camera ?	man
20877	The man gets up and grabs the camera .	what does the man grab ?	camera
20878	People are flying kites on grass .	what are people flying on grass ?	kites
20879	The kites are shown in the sky .	what are shown in the sky ?	kites
20880	A woman is holding a purple umbrella .	who is holding the purple umbrella ?	woman
20880	A woman is holding a purple umbrella .	what is the woman holding ?	umbrella
20880	A woman is holding a purple umbrella .	what is the color of the umbrella ?	purple
20882	A white plate is sitting on a white table in a kitchen .	what is sitting on the white table in a kitchen ?	plate
20882	A white plate is sitting on a white table in a kitchen .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
20882	A white plate is sitting on a white table in a kitchen .	what is the color of the table ?	white
20883	A child places turkey slices on two pieces of white bread , then adds a slice of cheese .	who places turkey slices on two pieces of white bread , then adds a slice of cheese ?	child
20883	A child places turkey slices on two pieces of white bread , then adds a slice of cheese .	what does the child place on two pieces of white bread , then adds a slice of cheese ?	slices
20883	A child places turkey slices on two pieces of white bread , then adds a slice of cheese .	what is the color of the bread ?	white
20886	Two women are on a court with jump ropes .	who are on the court with jump ropes ?	women
20886	Two women are on a court with jump ropes .	how many women are on the court with jump ropes ?	two
20889	A gymnast is seen sitting before a beam and begins performing a routine with another person attached to his lower half .	who is seen sitting before the beam and begins performing a routine with another person attached to his lower half ?	gymnast
20890	The two present to be one gymnast on a bar and end with them jumping off with their arms up .	how many gymnast do the two present to be on a bar and end with them jumping off with their arms up ?	one
20891	A male stylist talks as he smooths a woman 's hair .	who talks as he smooths a woman 's hair ?	stylist
20895	A snowboarder begins to make some commentary about his snowboarding techniques .	who begins to make some commentary about his snowboarding techniques ?	snowboarder
20898	A young child is seen sitting on the floor grabbing ice cream with it 's hands .	who is seen sitting on the floor grabbing ice cream with it 's hands ?	child
20899	The child then grabs a spoon and continues to use his hands to eat .	who then grabs the spoon and continues to use his hands to eat ?	child
20899	The child then grabs a spoon and continues to use his hands to eat .	what does the child then grab ?	spoon
20900	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her holing up a jar of honey .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her holing up a jar of honey ?	woman
20902	She dries off the mask and continues speaking while smiling to the camera .	what does she dry off ?	mask
20905	He uses his phone as another person arrives , then videos others shooting down the passageway .	what does he use , then videos others shooting down the passageway ?	phone
20906	People are riding spin bikes in a gym .	what are people riding in a gym ?	bicycles
20906	People are riding spin bikes in a gym .	where are people riding spin bikes . ?	gym
20907	Two women are working out on exercise bikes .	who are working out on exercise bikes ?	women
20907	Two women are working out on exercise bikes .	how many women are working out on exercise bikes ?	two
20908	Yellow words come on the screen .	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
20911	The screen shows Transworld Snowboarding at Keystone , Colorado .	what shows transworld snowboarding at keystone , colorado ?	screen
20913	A person wearing a green hoodie and a hat is talking about the essentials required for snowboarding .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	green
20921	Then uses a scraper to scrape the wax off and clean the board .	what does then use ?	scraper
20923	A person in a furniture store is talking about popular furniture made from reclaimed wood .	where is the person talking about popular furniture made from reclaimed wood . ?	store
20924	He shows rustic , contemporary and traditional type of furniture that is in his store .	does he show rustic , contemporary and traditional type of furniture is where . ?	store
20927	A man is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	man
20928	The man drills the cabinets apart and wipes and paints them .	who drills the cabinets apart and wipes and paints them ?	man
20928	The man drills the cabinets apart and wipes and paints them .	what does the man drill apart and wipes and paints them ?	cabinets
20932	We see the end credits on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
20934	The company representative is putting together the bike parts piece by piece .	who is putting together the bike parts piece by piece ?	representative
20934	The company representative is putting together the bike parts piece by piece .	what is the company representative putting together by piece ?	piece
20937	After that he fixes the handles of the bike with black rubber tops .	what is the color of the tops ?	black
20941	The man then begins playing the instrument moving his hands up and down .	who then begins playing the instrument moving his hands up and down ?	man
20943	A man in a bare studio showcases a series of martial arts moves by himself in front of a camera .	where does the man showcases a series of martial arts moves by himself in front of a camera . ?	studio
20944	A man appears in a white t-shirt and black pants , barefoot and begins to showcase martial arts moves .	who appears in the white t-shirt and black pants , barefoot and begins to showcase martial arts moves ?	man
20944	A man appears in a white t-shirt and black pants , barefoot and begins to showcase martial arts moves .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	white
20944	A man appears in a white t-shirt and black pants , barefoot and begins to showcase martial arts moves .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
20945	The man begins using moves that exhibit floor work and light tumbles along with a headstand .	who begins using moves that exhibit floor work and light tumbles along with a headstand ?	man
20946	The man progresses into controlled somersaults and side to side work along with high kicks .	who progresses into controlled somersaults and side to side work along with high kicks ?	man
20948	The racers are shown at the gate getting ready for the race .	who are shown at the gate getting ready for the race ?	racers
20949	Several racers are introduced with their names shown on the screen .	who are introduced with their names shown on the screen ?	racers
20956	A man with a red jacket and grey pants is walking across a slack line in the middle of the mountains .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
20956	A man with a red jacket and grey pants is walking across a slack line in the middle of the mountains .	what is the color of the pants ?	gray
20959	Two side by side videos are shown of a man in slow motion playing frisbee and doing tricks with a dog .	how many side by side videos are shown of a man in slow motion playing frisbee and doing tricks with a dog ?	two
20960	The same man is shown again performing various tricks with his dog that are shown in real time as well as slow motion .	who is shown again performing various tricks with his dog that are shown in real time as well as slow motion ?	man
20961	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
20963	A lady sharpens a knife on a rod .	who sharpens the knife on a rod ?	lady
20964	The lady puts water on a black sharpener block .	who puts water on a black sharpener block ?	lady
20964	The lady puts water on a black sharpener block .	what is the color of the block ?	black
20965	The lady then sharpens the knife .	who then sharpens the knife ?	lady
20965	The lady then sharpens the knife .	what does the lady then sharpen ?	knife
20967	Then back to the black block .	what is the color of the block ?	black
20968	We see a closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
20969	A young girl is seen brushing her hair as well as spraying product into her hair .	who is seen brushing her hair as well as spraying product into her hair ?	girl
20973	A person adds browned leafs to the campfire .	what does the person add to the campfire ?	leafs
20974	A person uses a stick to move the leaves inside the fire .	what does the person use ?	stick
20977	Two people are fighting on the ground .	how many people are fighting on the ground ?	two
20980	A person goes windsurfing on a lime green board in a body of water .	what is the color of the board ?	green
20982	A large man is doing behind the neck shoulder presses .	who is doing behind the neck shoulder presses ?	man
20986	A boy is standing outside on top of ice fishing out of a small hole in the ice .	who is standing outside on top of ice fishing out of a small hole in the ice ?	boy
20987	The boy struggles to get the fish out and someone comes and takes it out for him .	who struggles to get the fish out and someone comes and takes it out for him ?	boy
20988	Now there are four men visible and they all begin to fish out of the ice pond .	how many men are now there visible ?	four
20989	Eventually , a man grabs a chair and starts fishing and taking his fish off of his line .	eventually , who grabs the chair and starts fishing and taking his fish off of his line ?	man
20989	Eventually , a man grabs a chair and starts fishing and taking his fish off of his line .	what does eventually , the man grab ?	chair
20992	The girls speak to one another back stage with their coach and many people interact with them in the audience .	who speak to one another back stage with their coach and many people interact with them in the audience ?	girls
20994	Several more clips are shown of the person performing grinds with roller blades as well as other flips and tricks .	what are shown of the person performing grinds with roller blades as well as other flips and tricks ?	clips
20995	woman is holding a hairdryer and dying a little kid hair .	who is holding the hairdryer and dying a little kid hair ?	woman
20995	woman is holding a hairdryer and dying a little kid hair .	who is woman holding a hairdryer and dying ?	hair
20997	man is standing in a room opening the blinds .	who is standing in the room opening the blinds ?	man
20999	A young child is seen using an elliptical while watching a computer video in front of her .	who is seen using an elliptical while watching a computer video in front of her ?	child
21000	The girl controls the moves on the video using the machine while the camera zooms in and out of the area .	who controls the moves on the video using the machine while the camera zooms in and out of the area ?	girl
21004	There is an old man doing Tai Chi on a sidewalk while pedestrians walk by .	who is there doing tai chi on a sidewalk while pedestrians walk by ?	man
21005	The man continues doing Tai Chi on the sidewalk as several people walk by him .	who continues doing tai chi on the sidewalk as several people walk by him ?	man
21009	A man holds up a sheet of the shingles .	who holds up the sheet of the shingles ?	man
21011	Three men are applying plaster to the ceiling of an unfinished room while another man watches .	how many men are applying plaster to the ceiling of an unfinished room while another man watches ?	three
21012	One of the men climbs a ladder to reach the ceiling .	what does one of the men climb ?	ladder
21013	One man performs a short dance .	who performs the short dance ?	man
21013	One man performs a short dance .	how many man performs the short dance ?	one
21014	The camera moves to reveal that the man dancing and another one of the men are using stilts to reach the ceiling .	what moves to reveal that the man dancing and another one of the men are using stilts to reach the ceiling ?	camera
21016	We then see little boys playing soccer in a couple of gymnasiums .	who do we then see ?	boys
21017	We watch the boy in the white shirt score a goal .	what is the color of the score ?	white
21019	We see the boy in white score a goal and his Teammates hug him .	what is the color of the score ?	white
21020	3:10 The white ream number 10 scores and a teammate gives him a high five .	what is the color of the number ?	white
21021	A woman is shown , playing with her hair .	who is shown , playing with her hair ?	woman
21022	A salon artist appears , and his tools are shown on a table .	who appears , and his tools are shown on a table ?	artist
21022	A salon artist appears , and his tools are shown on a table .	what does the salon artist appear , and are shown on a table ?	tools
21023	The woman blows her hair dry before posing , and is shown step by step creating curls in her hair with his tools .	who blows her hair dry before posing , and is shown step by step creating curls in her hair with his tools ?	woman
21025	A man is using a leaf blower to blow the leaves off the grass .	who is using the leaf blower to blow the leaves off the grass ?	man
21025	A man is using a leaf blower to blow the leaves off the grass .	what is the man using ?	blower
21026	A car drives by on the road at a decent speed .	what drives by on the road at a decent speed ?	car
21028	The leaves are all falling on the road making the grass look so much better .	what are all falling on the road making the grass look so much better ?	leaves
21030	They continue riding around and a small child is seen up close .	who do they continue and is seen up close ?	child
21033	The man walks down a hallway with a women being introduced and leads into the two playing ping pong .	who walks down the hallway with a women being introduced and leads into the two playing ping pong ?	man
21034	The two continue playing and leads into the man holding up a basketball and the woman shocked .	the two continue playing and leads into the man holding up a basketball and who shocked ?	woman
21035	Outside in a bucket there is some wood and someone come out and starts to blow something on it .	where is outside there some wood and someone come out and starts to blow something on it . ?	bucket
21039	A woman demonstrates how to create a braided hairstyle using a young woman as a model for the style in a hands on tutorial .	who demonstrates how to create the braided hairstyle using a young woman as a model for the style in a hands on tutorial ?	woman
21040	The hairstylist begins by parting the hair in four sections with a comb before braiding each section and clipping a hairpin on the ends of each braid .	who begins by parting the hair in four sections with a comb before braiding each section and clipping a hairpin on the ends of each braid ?	hairstylist
21041	The woman then pulls each braid across the front of the models hairline .	who then pulls each braid across the front of the models hairline ?	woman
21042	A woman is wearing a white robe and a black belt .	who is wearing the white robe and a black belt ?	woman
21042	A woman is wearing a white robe and a black belt .	what is the color of the robe ?	white
21042	A woman is wearing a white robe and a black belt .	what is the color of the belt ?	black
21043	She does karate moves in her room .	where does she do karate moves . ?	room
21046	A man in a white lab coat is seen talking to the camera and showing various tools in a laboratory .	what is the color of the coat ?	white
21046	A man in a white lab coat is seen talking to the camera and showing various tools in a laboratory .	where is the man in a white lab coat seen talking to the camera and showing various tools . ?	laboratory
21047	Towel are seen sitting in a sink and the man shows the proper hand washing tools .	who are towel seen and shows the proper hand washing tools ?	man
21047	Towel are seen sitting in a sink and the man shows the proper hand washing tools .	towel are seen and the man shows the proper hand washing what ?	tools
21047	Towel are seen sitting in a sink and the man shows the proper hand washing tools .	where are towel seen sitting and the man shows the proper hand washing tools . ?	sink
21050	We see nurses giving children shots .	who do we see giving children shots ?	nurses
21052	We see a person in an MRI and we see a doctor looking at the results .	who do we see a person in an mri and we see looking at the results ?	doctor
21053	Coffee is poured into a white mug .	what is the color of the mug ?	white
21054	Coffee beans are spilling on each other .	what are spilling on each other ?	beans
21055	We see people making coffee in a coffee shop .	where do we see people making coffee . ?	shop
21056	A woman in a black shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
21058	They begin to attempt to chop the wood , but have trouble getting the axe out at first .	they begin , but have trouble getting what out at first ?	axe
21059	A woman finally gets the axe out and they start chopping the wood .	who finally gets the axe out and they start chopping the wood ?	woman
21059	A woman finally gets the axe out and they start chopping the wood .	what does the woman finally get out and they start chopping the wood ?	axe
21060	The camera pans around to the spectators as a woman in a bandanna successfully chops the wood and takes a bow .	what pans around to the spectators as a woman in a bandanna successfully chops the wood and takes a bow ?	camera
21060	The camera pans around to the spectators as a woman in a bandanna successfully chops the wood and takes a bow .	where does the camera pan around to the spectators as a woman successfully chops the wood and takes a bow . ?	bandanna
21064	The person blows the leaves from a driveway using an electric blower .	what does the person blow from a driveway using an electric blower ?	leaves
21065	The person blows the leaves from a grass area using the blower .	what did the person blow from a grass area ?	leaves
21066	The blower is seen up close with different attachments and settings featured .	what is seen up close with different attachments and settings featured ?	blower
21067	A man step on a square drawn in the beach and turns the body back and forth .	who step on the square drawn in the beach and turns the body back and forth ?	man
21068	Then , the man step on the triangle and does hand movements , after the man joint the hands .	then , who step on the triangle and does hand movements , after the man joint the hands ?	man
21069	a man wearing an apron is laughing over a table .	who is wearing an apron is laughing over a table ?	man
21069	a man wearing an apron is laughing over a table .	the man wearing what is laughing over a table ?	apron
21072	He creates an omelette , then plates it .	what does he create ?	omelette
21074	One team attempts to serve and it crashes into the net .	how many team attempts to serve ?	one
21076	People rides bumper cars in a carnival .	what did people rid in a carnival ?	cars
21077	An old man rides a small bumper car .	who rides the small bumper car ?	man
21077	An old man rides a small bumper car .	what does an old man rid ?	car
21080	A girl and a man are practicing boxing in a gym .	where are the girl and a man practicing boxing . ?	gym
21081	There is a punching bag swinging in the background .	what is there swinging in the background ?	bag
21084	A woman helps a child do a flip .	who helps the child do a flip ?	woman
21085	Some children kick off of a wall .	who kick off of the wall ?	children
21086	Some other kids do more flips .	who do more flips ?	kids
21087	A man wearing a hat is talking on a stage .	who is wearing a hat is talking on a stage ?	man
21087	A man wearing a hat is talking on a stage .	the man wearing what is talking on a stage ?	hat
21088	A woman enters , and she begins to dance .	who enters , and she begins to dance ?	woman
21089	The woman lights a hula hoop on fire , dancing with the hoop .	who lights the hula hoop on fire , dancing with the hoop ?	woman
21089	The woman lights a hula hoop on fire , dancing with the hoop .	what did the woman light on fire , ?	hoop
21090	A boy puts together a rubix cube and excitedly drops it .	who puts together the rubix cube and excitedly drops it ?	boy
21090	A boy puts together a rubix cube and excitedly drops it .	what does the boy put together ?	cube
21092	Another boy is doing it with only his feet .	who is doing it with only his feet ?	boy
21094	Screens begin to appear with white words on them describing events that are about to take place .	what begin to appear with white words on them describing events that are about to take place ?	screens
21094	Screens begin to appear with white words on them describing events that are about to take place .	what is the color of the words ?	white
21096	Another black screen appears and a different person tries to do the jump but he too hits the pole .	what appears and the different person tries to do the jump but he too hits the pole ?	screen
21096	Another black screen appears and a different person tries to do the jump but he too hits the pole .	what does another black screen appear and a different person tries but he too hits ?	pole
21096	Another black screen appears and a different person tries to do the jump but he too hits the pole .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
21097	Once he is done , a different man attempts to do it but he is n't successful either .	who does , attempt to do it but he is n't successful either ?	man
21098	A woman is talking to the camera while standing against a white background .	who is talking to the camera while standing against a white background ?	woman
21098	A woman is talking to the camera while standing against a white background .	what is the color of the background ?	white
21099	She holds up a hula hoop while she talks .	what does she hold up ?	hoop
21102	The camera zooms in to show people swimming in the pool and some playing volleyball in the pool .	what zooms in to show people swimming in the pool and some playing volleyball in the pool ?	camera
21103	One person gets out of the pool and walks away .	how many person gets out of the pool and walks away ?	one
21105	People throw the balls so far that they go out of the pool .	what do people throw so far that they go out of the pool ?	balls
21107	A man walks out wearing funny attire and showing off to the camera with a lawn mower .	who walks out wearing funny attire and showing off to the camera with a lawn mower ?	man
21108	The man then walks around and blows the leaves off still wearing the funny outfit .	who then walks around and blows the leaves off still wearing the funny outfit ?	man
21108	The man then walks around and blows the leaves off still wearing the funny outfit .	what does the man blow off still ?	leaves
21109	A man is standing in a room talking .	who is standing in the room talking ?	man
21111	He walks to the end of the shuffleboard and another man is on the other side .	who does he walk to the end of the shuffleboard and is on the other side ?	man
21113	There are people flying kites collectively in a huge parking lot where several cars and mini vans are parked .	there are people flying what collectively in a huge parking lot where several cars and mini vans are parked ?	kites
21114	There 's a man in a blue striped shirt standing with another man in a brown shirt , both getting ready to fly their orange kite .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
21114	There 's a man in a blue striped shirt standing with another man in a brown shirt , both getting ready to fly their orange kite .	what is the color of the shirt ?	brown
21114	There 's a man in a blue striped shirt standing with another man in a brown shirt , both getting ready to fly their orange kite .	what is the color of the kite ?	orange
21116	Two boys are polishing shoes with brushes .	who are polishing shoes with brushes ?	boys
21116	Two boys are polishing shoes with brushes .	how many boys are polishing shoes with brushes ?	two
21117	Then , one boy takes a shoe up to play .	who does then , take the shoe up to play ?	boy
21117	Then , one boy takes a shoe up to play .	how many boy does then , take the shoe up to play ?	one
21118	A little boy put his leg in a big shoe and polish with a brush .	who put his leg in a big shoe and polish with a brush ?	boy
21119	Then , the other boy put his hand in the shoe to polish it .	who did then , put his hand in the shoe to polish it ?	boy
21120	Two men are on an indoor racquetball court .	how many men are on an indoor racquetball court ?	two
21121	They hit the ball back and forth against the wall .	what did they hit back and forth against the wall ?	ball
21122	They pick the ball up and continue competing .	what do they pick up ?	ball
21123	man wearing black shorts is running on race track and make a javelin throw .	who is wearing black shorts is running on race track and make a javelin throw ?	man
21123	man wearing black shorts is running on race track and make a javelin throw .	man wearing what is running on race track and make a javelin throw ?	shorts
21123	man wearing black shorts is running on race track and make a javelin throw .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
21125	man is standing in a dusty diamond behind green net .	who is standing in the dusty diamond behind green net ?	man
21125	man is standing in a dusty diamond behind green net .	what is the color of the net ?	green
21126	thee men are standing next to a green net watching the javelin throw .	what is the color of the net ?	green
21127	referees wearing green shirts are standing on the field .	who are wearing green shirts are standing on the field ?	referees
21127	referees wearing green shirts are standing on the field .	referees wearing what are standing on the field ?	shirts
21127	referees wearing green shirts are standing on the field .	what is the color of the shirts ?	green
21128	woman is in a kitchen talking to the camera and showing how to prepare cookies .	who is in the kitchen talking to the camera and showing how to prepare cookies ?	woman
21129	woman is mixing ingredients ni a kitchen aid and making balls and putnig them in a pan and on the oven .	who is mixing ingredients ni a kitchen aid and making balls and putnig them in a pan and on the oven ?	woman
21129	woman is mixing ingredients ni a kitchen aid and making balls and putnig them in a pan and on the oven .	what is woman mixing and making and putnig them in a pan and on the oven ?	balls
21130	A woman is seen looking off into the distance while smoking a cigarette .	who is seen looking off into the distance while smoking a cigarette ?	woman
21133	A woman is seen spinning two hoops around her hands while looking back to the camera and speaking .	who is seen spinning two hoops around her hands while looking back to the camera and speaking ?	woman
21133	A woman is seen spinning two hoops around her hands while looking back to the camera and speaking .	how many hoops is the woman seen spinning around her hands while looking back to the camera and speaking ?	two
21135	A group of spectators are gathered in a gym .	where are the group of spectators gathered . ?	gym
21136	A man and his teammates are pushing a puck .	who are the man and his teammates pushing ?	puck
21138	A person with long hair shows a rubik 's cube .	what does the person with long hair show ?	cube
21147	A man is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	man
21150	A man competes solving a puzzle cube .	who competes solving the puzzle cube ?	man
21153	After finish , the man puts on his glasses .	who does after finish , put on his glasses ?	man
21154	A boy is swinging across monkey bars in a park .	who is swinging across monkey bars in a park ?	boy
21155	A man is doing something behind him .	who is doing something behind him ?	man
21156	The boy makes his way all the way across .	who makes his way all the way across ?	boy
21157	A man is seen sitting in a kayak while speaking to the camera and holding a paddle .	who is seen sitting in the kayak while speaking to the camera and holding a paddle ?	man
21157	A man is seen sitting in a kayak while speaking to the camera and holding a paddle .	where is the man seen sitting while speaking to the camera and holding a paddle . ?	kayak
21158	The man then moves himself around on the kayak while demonstrating how to properly move .	who then moves himself around on the kayak while demonstrating how to properly move ?	man
21163	Four girls are shown looking into the camera .	who are shown looking into the camera ?	girls
21163	Four girls are shown looking into the camera .	how many girls are shown looking into the camera ?	four
21164	A girl up front begins waving a bottle of mouthwash .	who up front begins waving the bottle of mouthwash ?	girl
21165	The girl then takes a cup of the mouthwash and drinks it .	who then takes the cup of the mouthwash and drinks it ?	girl
21169	Skiers ride up a ski lift .	who ride up the ski lift ?	skiers
21170	A man in yellow skis down a slope .	what is the color of the skis ?	yellow
21173	Lithuanian Zinaida Sendriute throws the discus 64 meters to lead out for her third throw , waving to the camera as she walks off .	how many meters does lithuanian zinaida sendriute throw to lead out for her third throw , waving to the camera as she walks off ?	64
21174	Cuban Yarelis Barrios is next and unleashes a mighty 67 meter toss with a thunderous scream .	how many meter does cuban yarelis barrios unleash toss with a thunderous scream ?	67
21176	An athletic man is seen stepping up to a circle and throwing an object off into the distance .	who is seen stepping up to the circle and throwing an object off into the distance ?	man
21178	The man grabs a flag and walks around the arena .	who grabs the flag and walks around the arena ?	man
21178	The man grabs a flag and walks around the arena .	what does the man grab ?	flag
21179	A large screen is shown followed by a band playing on stage .	what is shown followed by the band playing on stage ?	screen
21180	A man wearing a mickey costume and playing the drums .	who wearing a mickey costume and playing the drums ?	man
21180	A man wearing a mickey costume and playing the drums .	what is the man wearing ?	costume
21180	A man wearing a mickey costume and playing the drums .	what is the man playing ?	drums
21181	The man continues playing the drums and ends with the curtain closing .	who continues playing the drums and ends with the curtain closing ?	man
21182	woman is standing in kitchen talking to the camera and showing ingredients that are on top of a counter .	who is standing in kitchen talking to the camera and showing ingredients that are on top of a counter ?	woman
21182	woman is standing in kitchen talking to the camera and showing ingredients that are on top of a counter .	where is woman standing talking to the camera and showing ingredients that are on top of a counter . ?	kitchen
21183	woman holds a lemon and squeeze it in a plastic water jar and mix it with sugar .	who holds the lemon and squeeze it in a plastic water jar and mix it with sugar ?	woman
21183	woman holds a lemon and squeeze it in a plastic water jar and mix it with sugar .	what does woman hold ?	lemon
21184	woman holds a knife and chop the lemons in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries .	who holds the knife and chop the lemons in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries ?	woman
21184	woman holds a knife and chop the lemons in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries .	what does woman hold ?	knife
21184	woman holds a knife and chop the lemons in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries .	woman chop what in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries ?	lemons
21188	A young boy is seated in front of a drum set .	who is seated in front of a drum set ?	boy
21189	He is rapidly playing the drums in front of him .	what is he rapidly playing in front of him ?	drums
21191	A woman is seated , a man is standing , and a little girl is climbing on playground equipment .	who is seated , the man is standing , and a little girl is climbing on playground equipment ?	woman
21191	A woman is seated , a man is standing , and a little girl is climbing on playground equipment .	who is the woman seated , a man is standing , and is climbing on playground equipment ?	girl
21194	A man is standing by a desk talking with some coaches about something .	who is standing by the desk talking with some coaches about something ?	man
21197	He lands into the sand and when he is done and man come behind him to smooth the sand out .	who do and and come behind him to smooth the sand out ?	man
21198	A camera shows a young child walking up a playground set with a dog wandering in the back .	what shows the young child walking up a playground set with a dog wandering in the back ?	camera
21198	A camera shows a young child walking up a playground set with a dog wandering in the back .	who does the camera show walking up a playground set with a dog wandering in the back ?	child
21199	The child climbs up a set of stairs and slides down a slide .	who climbs up the set of stairs and slides down a slide ?	child
21200	A young man is seen paddling a canoe down a river .	who is seen paddling the canoe down a river ?	man
21203	A woman is seen moving a hula hoop close up in front of the camera .	who is seen moving the hula hoop close up in front of the camera ?	woman
21204	The girl then speaks to the camera and leads into her spinning a hula hoop around .	who then speaks to the camera and leads into her spinning a hula hoop around ?	girl
21205	The woman continues speaking to the camera while spinning the hoop and demonstrating how to perform proper moves .	who continues speaking to the camera while spinning the hoop and demonstrating how to perform proper moves ?	woman
21208	A man is seen sitting on a horse and riding into a pit swinging a rope .	who is seen sitting on the horse and riding into a pit swinging a rope ?	man
21209	The man throws the rope onto a calf and jumps off the horse .	who throws the rope onto a calf and jumps off the horse ?	man
21209	The man throws the rope onto a calf and jumps off the horse .	what does the man throw onto a calf ?	rope
21209	The man throws the rope onto a calf and jumps off the horse .	what does the man jump off ?	horse
21210	He ties up the calf and ends by running back to the horse .	what does he tie up ?	calf
21211	Several men from different places are outside on a large field playing cricket .	what are several men from different places outside on a large field playing ?	cricket
21212	Men come to the middle of the field and stand around a small rectangle and begin hitting the ball extremely far .	what do men stand around ?	rectangle
21213	As the ball goes to the outfield , the teammates begin jumping up and down and cheering for their team .	who do , begin jumping up and down and cheering for their team ?	teammates
21214	Finally , a man is shown holding up a large silver award .	who is finally , shown holding up the large silver award ?	man
21215	A man is shooting a basketball into a hoop .	who is shooting the basketball into a hoop ?	man
21216	Another man starts shooting a basketball into the hoop .	who starts shooting the basketball into the hoop ?	man
21217	The first man watches the second man .	who watches the second man ?	man
21217	The first man watches the second man .	who does the first man watch ?	man
21222	A girl walks past the camera waving her hand .	who walks past the camera waving her hand ?	girl
21223	A boy in a yellow shirt walks towards the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
21225	A man is shown multiple times as he throws a discus .	who is shown multiple times as he throws a discus ?	man
21227	Gymnasts do tumbling routines with flips and spins on a mat inside of a gym .	who do tumbling routines with flips and spins on a mat inside of a gym ?	gymnasts
21229	The man falls on the ground while swinging on the rings .	who falls on the ground while swinging on the rings ?	man
21230	The gymnast plays around a bit batting his ear and waiting for another person to clear the mat .	who plays around the bit batting his ear and waiting for another person to clear the mat ?	gymnast
21231	A little boy is inside a garage room .	who is inside the garage room ?	boy
21232	He is playing a large drum set while wearing headphones .	what is he playing set while wearing headphones ?	drum
21237	A production graphic is shown along with a link for more media .	what is production shown along with a link for more media ?	graphic
21239	The man is now wearing sunglasses while playing , grooving to the music .	who is now wearing sunglasses while playing , grooving to the music ?	man
21239	The man is now wearing sunglasses while playing , grooving to the music .	what is the man now wearing ?	sunglasses
21240	The man is shown back without the sunglasses .	who is shown back without the sunglasses ?	man
21241	Another window displaying the performer is shown in the corner of the video .	what is displaying the performer is shown in the corner of the video ?	window
21241	Another window displaying the performer is shown in the corner of the video .	another window displaying who is shown in the corner of the video ?	performer
21243	An official lifts a cup to reveal a rubiks cube that the same man then solves .	who lifts the cup to reveal a rubiks cube that the same man then solves ?	official
21243	An official lifts a cup to reveal a rubiks cube that the same man then solves .	what does an official lift ?	cup
21244	A young man wearing a beige shirt solves a cube and presses his hands to his face before standing up .	who is wearing a beige shirt solves a cube and presses his hands to his face before standing up ?	man
21244	A young man wearing a beige shirt solves a cube and presses his hands to his face before standing up .	the young man wearing what solves a cube and presses his hands to his face before standing up ?	shirt
21244	A young man wearing a beige shirt solves a cube and presses his hands to his face before standing up .	what is the young man wearing a beige shirt solves and presses his hands to his face before standing up ?	cube
21245	An official removes a piece of paper from on top of a cube as the young man in the black sweatshirt solves another cube .	who removes the piece of paper from on top of a cube as the young man in the black sweatshirt solves another cube ?	official
21245	An official removes a piece of paper from on top of a cube as the young man in the black sweatshirt solves another cube .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	black
21246	The young man solves two more cubes in front of an official before moving to get up .	who solves two more cubes in front of an official before moving to get up ?	man
21246	The young man solves two more cubes in front of an official before moving to get up .	how many more cubes does the young man solve in front of an official before moving to get up ?	two
21247	snowy mountain range is shown and people are doing snowboarding .	what is shown and people are doing snowboarding ?	range
21248	helicopter is in the air landing in a mountain leaving people in the top of the mountain .	what is in the air landing in a mountain leaving people in the top of the mountain ?	helicopter
21251	peolpe inside the helicopter are talking and puting the winter clothes and talking to the camera .	what are peolpe inside the helicopter talking and puting and talking to the camera ?	clothes
21255	The female arm wrestler wins bringing down the other guys arm .	who wins bringing down the other guys arm ?	wrestler
21256	A man trims a wall of foliage outdoors , while wearing shorts and a pair of noise canceling headphones with a tree trimming motorized tool .	who trims the wall of foliage outdoors , while wearing shorts and a pair of noise canceling headphones with a tree trimming motorized tool ?	man
21257	The man then moves the ladder down the length of the wall to continue trimming the foliage .	who then moves the ladder down the length of the wall to continue trimming the foliage ?	man
21257	The man then moves the ladder down the length of the wall to continue trimming the foliage .	what does the man then move down the length of the wall to continue trimming the foliage ?	ladder
21258	A man is seen speaking to the camera holding a volleyball and leads into shots of him hitting the ball .	who is seen speaking to the camera holding a volleyball and leads into shots of him hitting the ball ?	man
21260	Two ballroom dances are shown performing a routine in a large auditorium .	what are shown performing the routine in a large auditorium ?	dances
21260	Two ballroom dances are shown performing a routine in a large auditorium .	how many ballroom dances are shown performing the routine in a large auditorium ?	two
21260	Two ballroom dances are shown performing a routine in a large auditorium .	where are two ballroom dances shown performing a routine . ?	auditorium
21263	The couple does one last spin and eventually takes a bow .	the couple eventually takes what ?	bow
21263	The couple does one last spin and eventually takes a bow .	how many last spin does the couple do ?	one
21264	A man is shown mowing his lawn with a push mower .	who is shown mowing his lawn with a push mower ?	man
21266	A man talks in the corner of the screen about the process .	who talks in the corner of the screen about the process ?	man
21268	A young boy wearing striped shirt in a gym lifts a weight bar over his head .	who is wearing striped shirt in a gym lifts a weight bar over his head ?	boy
21268	A young boy wearing striped shirt in a gym lifts a weight bar over his head .	the young boy wearing what in a gym lifts a weight bar over his head ?	shirt
21269	A young man in blue shorts lifts a weight bar over his head in a crowded gym .	what does the young man in blue shorts lift over his head in a crowded gym ?	bar
21269	A young man in blue shorts lifts a weight bar over his head in a crowded gym .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
21270	Professional athletes in competitions lift large heavily weighted bars overhead for judging .	what do professional athletes in competitions lift large heavily overhead for judging ?	bars
21271	A man is standing in the gym alone and begins talking to the camera .	who is standing in the gym alone and begins talking to the camera ?	man
21271	A man is standing in the gym alone and begins talking to the camera .	where is the man standing . ?	gym
21275	A small group of people are seen sitting in bumper car and begin driving around crashing into one another .	where are the small group of people seen sitting . ?	car
21276	The camera follows around a woman he can not seem to move the car and others on the side instruct her on how to drive as others crash into her .	what follows around the woman he can not seem to move the car and others on the side instruct her on how to drive as others crash into her ?	camera
21277	A man is seen speaking to the camera in front of a large pool while using his hands with enthusiasm .	who is seen speaking to the camera in front of a large pool while using his hands with enthusiasm ?	man
21278	The man continues to speak while using his hands and pans to the man swimming around the pool and back to talking .	who continues to speak while using his hands and pans to the man swimming around the pool and back to talking ?	man
21279	A kid spreads peanut butter in two slices of bread .	who spreads peanut butter in two slices of bread ?	kid
21279	A kid spreads peanut butter in two slices of bread .	what does the kid spread in two slices of bread ?	butter
21280	Then , the kid adds on top jelly .	who does then , add on top jelly ?	kid
21281	After , the kid gives a bite to the peanut butter and jelly sandwich .	who does after , give the bite to the peanut butter and jelly sandwich ?	kid
21282	A man services a tennis ball across the court .	who services the tennis ball across the court ?	man
21282	A man services a tennis ball across the court .	what does the man service across the court ?	ball
21283	The man turns to talk to the camera .	who turns to talk to the camera ?	man
21285	The man jumps off the ladder as people in the audience clap for him and the other man falls off as well .	who jumps off the ladder as people in the audience clap for him and the other man falls off as well ?	man
21285	The man jumps off the ladder as people in the audience clap for him and the other man falls off as well .	who does the man jump off the ladder as people in the audience clap for him and falls off as well ?	man
21286	We see the title screen on a red background .	what is the color of the background ?	red
21287	We see women playing lacrosse .	who do we see ?	lacrosse
21290	We then see a lady in a blue shirt talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
21291	A lady in a backpack talks to the camera .	where does the lady talk to the camera . ?	backpack
21292	We then see the ending screen and black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
21293	A shop attendant holds up the hula hoop and shows how to grip it .	who holds up the hula hoop and shows how to grip it ?	attendant
21293	A shop attendant holds up the hula hoop and shows how to grip it .	what does the shop attendant hold up ?	hoop
21294	The woman drops the hoop and lets it spin around her body to the ground .	who drops the hoop and lets it spin around her body to the ground ?	woman
21294	The woman drops the hoop and lets it spin around her body to the ground .	what does the woman drop ?	hoop
21295	The woman drops the hula hoop and lets it spin around her body then catches it .	who drops the hula hoop and lets it spin around her body then catches it ?	woman
21295	The woman drops the hula hoop and lets it spin around her body then catches it .	what does the woman drop ?	hoop
21296	The woman practices swinging the hoop between two legs .	who practices swinging the hoop between two legs ?	woman
21297	The woman catches the spinning hula hoop as it falls between her legs .	who catches the spinning hula hoop as it falls between her legs ?	woman
21297	The woman catches the spinning hula hoop as it falls between her legs .	what does the woman catch ?	hoop
21298	The woman spins the hoop upwards around her body .	who spins the hoop upwards around her body ?	woman
21298	The woman spins the hoop upwards around her body .	what does the woman spin around her body ?	upwards
21299	A man walks onto the stage to join a band .	who walks onto the stage to join a band ?	man
21300	A man plays up front of a band with a harmonica .	who plays up front of a band with a harmonica ?	man
21301	The keyboardist plays a spirited solo during the song .	who plays the spirited solo during the song ?	keyboardist
21302	The man congratulates and gives a high five to the keyboardist at the end of the song .	who congratulates and gives the high five to the keyboardist at the end of the song ?	man
21304	A man walks and sweeps a floor walking to the left of the room pushing the wide broom in front of him .	who walks and sweeps the floor walking to the left of the room pushing the wide broom in front of him ?	man
21304	A man walks and sweeps a floor walking to the left of the room pushing the wide broom in front of him .	what does the man walk and sweeps walking to the left of the room pushing the wide broom in front of him ?	floor
21305	The man then walks to the right side of the room with the same wide broom .	who then walks to the right side of the room with the same wide broom ?	man
21306	The man then finishes sweeping , lleans the broom in the corner of the room and stands against the wall in front of a window .	who then finishes sweeping , lleans the broom in the corner of the room and stands against the wall in front of a window ?	man
21306	The man then finishes sweeping , lleans the broom in the corner of the room and stands against the wall in front of a window .	what does the man lleans in the corner of the room ?	broom
21307	A young child is seen standing ready holding a pole and then runs down a long track and throws the pole .	who is seen standing ready holding the pole and then runs down a long track and throws the pole ?	child
21307	A young child is seen standing ready holding a pole and then runs down a long track and throws the pole .	the young child then runs down a long track and throws what ?	pole
21309	Finally one last boy steps up to the track to throw the javelin and then walks back to the others .	finally who steps up to the track to throw the javelin and then walks back to the others ?	boy
21309	Finally one last boy steps up to the track to throw the javelin and then walks back to the others .	finally how many last boy steps up to the track to throw the javelin and then walks back to the others ?	one
21311	The characters speak to one another and lead into them playing a game .	who speak to one another and lead into them playing a game ?	characters
21312	One character loses the game and then disappears .	who loses the game and then disappears ?	character
21312	One character loses the game and then disappears .	how many character loses the game and then disappears ?	one
21314	The lady then explains the skates movement and how to use the breaks that is in the back of the skates .	who then explains the skates movement and how to use the breaks that is in the back of the skates ?	lady
21315	finally the lady shows you the right way to skate to have fun .	who does finally show you the right way to skate to have fun ?	lady
21319	We see a little girl holding the leash for a big dog .	who do we see holding the leash for a big dog ?	girl
21320	The little girl falls and drops the leash .	who falls and drops the leash ?	girl
21320	The little girl falls and drops the leash .	what does the little girl fall and drops ?	leash
21321	The little girl then follows the dog to get the leash .	who then follows the dog to get the leash ?	girl
21321	The little girl then follows the dog to get the leash .	what does the little girl then follow ?	dog
21322	She gets the leash and walks the dog .	what does she get ?	leash
21322	She gets the leash and walks the dog .	what does she walk ?	dog
21323	A woman plays the drums and sings on stage .	who plays the drums and sings on stage ?	woman
21323	A woman plays the drums and sings on stage .	what does the woman play ?	drums
21324	The camera pulls back on the scene .	what pulls back on the scene ?	camera
21325	The woman finishes and stands up .	who finishes and stands up ?	woman
21326	We see a green title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21326	We see a green title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	green
21327	A lady in a bathroom talks to the camera .	where does the lady talk to the camera . ?	bathroom
21329	The lady turns the water on to rinse the solution down the drain .	who turns the water on to rinse the solution down the drain ?	lady
21330	A window cleaning commercial demonstrates all the materials and techniques need to clean a house window .	what does cleaning demonstrate all the materials and techniques need to clean a house window ?	commercial
21333	A person cleans a window using all of the tools , including removing screens to clean them and removing stickers on windows .	what does the person clean using all of the tools , including removing screens to clean them and removing stickers on windows ?	window
21334	We see an intro screen with arrows .	what do we see with arrows ?	screen
21335	A chef is talking while standing in front of a bow as she cooks spaghetti .	who is talking while standing in front of a bow as she cooks spaghetti ?	chef
21336	The lady adds salt , and spaghetti to boiling water .	who adds salt , and spaghetti to boiling water ?	lady
21337	The lady grabs a noodle to show how it should look when cooked .	who grabs the noodle to show how it should look when cooked ?	lady
21337	The lady grabs a noodle to show how it should look when cooked .	what does the lady grab ?	noodle
21338	The lady drains the water , adds sauce , and adds some of the cook water .	who drains the water , adds sauce , and adds some of the cook water ?	lady
21338	The lady drains the water , adds sauce , and adds some of the cook water .	what does the lady add ?	sauce
21340	We then see the black credits rolling .	what is the color of the credits ?	black
21341	A man is talking as he stands in a kitchen .	who is talking as he stands in a kitchen ?	man
21341	A man is talking as he stands in a kitchen .	where is the man talking as he stands . ?	kitchen
21342	The man boils milk and adds fresh vanilla and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients .	who boils milk and adds fresh vanilla and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients ?	man
21342	The man boils milk and adds fresh vanilla and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients .	the man boils what and adds fresh vanilla ?	milk
21342	The man boils milk and adds fresh vanilla and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients .	the man boils milk and adds what ?	vanilla
21343	The man cooks the custard and pours into a bowl and freezes to make ice cream .	who cooks the custard and pours into a bowl and freezes to make ice cream ?	man
21343	The man cooks the custard and pours into a bowl and freezes to make ice cream .	what does the man cook ?	custard
21344	The man cuts and cooks rubarb in sugar on the stove .	who cuts and cooks rubarb in sugar on the stove ?	man
21347	Several clips are shown of various people fencing with one another .	what are shown of various people fencing with one another ?	clips
21354	We enter a room and see a boy putting a shirt on an ironing board .	what do we enter ?	room
21354	We enter a room and see a boy putting a shirt on an ironing board .	who do we see ?	boy
21355	The boy begins ironing the tank top with an unplugged iron .	who begins ironing the tank top with an unplugged iron ?	boy
21356	The little boy irons a gray shirt and sits the iron on the board next to it .	who irons the gray shirt and sits the iron on the board next to it ?	boy
21356	The little boy irons a gray shirt and sits the iron on the board next to it .	what does the little boy iron ?	shirt
21356	The little boy irons a gray shirt and sits the iron on the board next to it .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
21357	The little boy walks away smiling .	who walks away smiling ?	boy
21358	The boy shows two fingers and walks around the room with the iron .	who shows two fingers and walks around the room with the iron ?	boy
21358	The boy shows two fingers and walks around the room with the iron .	how many fingers does the boy show ?	two
21360	A man throws shingles off the roof in the background .	who throws shingles off the roof in the background ?	man
21362	The man holding the camera turns and climbs the ladder and stands on the rooftop .	who is holding the camera turns and climbs the ladder and stands on the rooftop ?	man
21362	The man holding the camera turns and climbs the ladder and stands on the rooftop .	the man holding what turns and climbs the ladder and stands on the rooftop ?	camera
21362	The man holding the camera turns and climbs the ladder and stands on the rooftop .	what is the man holding the camera turns and climbs and stands on the rooftop ?	ladder
21363	The man turns the camera on himself and continues to talk .	who turns the camera on himself and continues to talk ?	man
21363	The man turns the camera on himself and continues to talk .	what does the man turn on himself ?	camera
21365	The two friends are pushed down the hill and they slide to the bottom .	who are pushed down the hill and they slide to the bottom ?	friends
21365	The two friends are pushed down the hill and they slide to the bottom .	how many friends are pushed down the hill ?	two
21366	The two friends are stopped by rubber mats at the bottom of the hill .	who are stopped by rubber mats at the bottom of the hill ?	friends
21366	The two friends are stopped by rubber mats at the bottom of the hill .	how many friends are stopped by rubber mats at the bottom of the hill ?	two
21368	A man shovels snow from his porch with a snow shovel .	who shovels snow from his porch with a snow shovel ?	man
21369	The man shovels snow from a stair case with a snow shovel .	who shovels snow from a stair case with a snow shovel ?	man
21370	The man finishes the job and shows his muscles .	who finishes the job and shows his muscles ?	man
21371	A little girl is crossing the monkey bars .	who is crossing the monkey bars ?	girl
21371	A little girl is crossing the monkey bars .	what is the little girl crossing ?	bars
21372	A woman is helping her standing under her .	who is helping her standing under her ?	woman
21374	An athlete is seen standing in a circle and spinning herself around and around .	who is seen standing in the circle and spinning herself around and around ?	athlete
21377	Two white pegs are shown in the wall with a red bed on the side and someone hitting it with a large block of wood .	what are shown in the wall with a red bed on the side and someone hitting it with a large block of wood ?	pegs
21377	Two white pegs are shown in the wall with a red bed on the side and someone hitting it with a large block of wood .	how many white pegs are shown in the wall with a red bed on the side and someone hitting it with a large block of wood ?	two
21377	Two white pegs are shown in the wall with a red bed on the side and someone hitting it with a large block of wood .	what is the color of the pegs ?	white
21377	Two white pegs are shown in the wall with a red bed on the side and someone hitting it with a large block of wood .	what is the color of the bed ?	red
21378	Another angle is shown and the person takes 21 shots at the balls .	what is shown and the person takes 21 shots at the balls ?	angle
21378	Another angle is shown and the person takes 21 shots at the balls .	how many shots does the person take at the balls ?	21
21379	For the 22nd shot , a man is standing in a large field of white pegs and begins to hit all three balls at the same time in different directions .	for the 22nd shot , who is standing in a large field of white pegs and begins to hit all three balls at the same time in different directions ?	man
21379	For the 22nd shot , a man is standing in a large field of white pegs and begins to hit all three balls at the same time in different directions .	how many balls does for the 22nd shot , a man begin to hit at the same time in different directions ?	three
21379	For the 22nd shot , a man is standing in a large field of white pegs and begins to hit all three balls at the same time in different directions .	what is the color of the pegs ?	white
21380	A woman cleans the carpet and the floor with a vacuum , after the vacuum picks up dirt from the carpet .	who cleans the carpet and the floor with a vacuum , after the vacuum picks up dirt from the carpet ?	woman
21381	Then , the woman takes out the canister of the vacuum and continues cleaning the floor , the wall , the sofa and the floor .	then , who takes out the canister of the vacuum and continues cleaning the floor , the wall , the sofa and the floor ?	woman
21382	After , the woman cleans the frames of picture and pick up hair from a pillow .	after , who cleans the frames of picture and pick up hair from a pillow ?	woman
21383	Next , the woman rewinds the wire of the canister and drops the trash in the trash can .	next , who rewinds the wire of the canister and drops the trash in the trash can ?	woman
21383	Next , the woman rewinds the wire of the canister and drops the trash in the trash can .	where does next , the woman drop the trash . ?	can
21384	A man is seen sitting at several tables and peeling potatoes while the camera looks around in fast motion .	who is seen sitting at several tables and peeling potatoes while the camera looks around in fast motion ?	man
21385	Another person is seen peeling potatoes and the man walks back over to the table to continue peeling .	who is another person seen and walks back over to the table to continue peeling ?	man
21386	Two men film themselves in an arm wrestling match that someone asked them to make .	how many men film themselves in an arm wrestling match that someone asked them to make ?	two
21387	One man sets up the camera to film the match .	who sets up the camera to film the match ?	man
21387	One man sets up the camera to film the match .	how many man sets up the camera to film the match ?	one
21389	The two men arm wrestle as the make jokes and laugh while doing it .	how many men arm wrestle as the make jokes and laugh while doing it ?	two
21390	One man gives up and both of the men talk and laugh about the match .	who gives up and both of the men talk and laugh about the match ?	man
21390	One man gives up and both of the men talk and laugh about the match .	how many man gives up ?	one
21391	One man grunts and throws his hands up in victory .	who grunts and throws his hands up in victory ?	man
21391	One man grunts and throws his hands up in victory .	how many man grunts and throws his hands up in victory ?	one
21392	A young girl is seen moving quickly around a horse brushing it 's sides .	who is seen moving quickly around the horse brushing it 's sides ?	girl
21395	women are standing in a wooden court in a roofed gym playing voleyball while public is in teraces watching the game .	who are standing in the wooden court in a roofed gym playing voleyball while public is in teraces watching the game ?	women
21396	the ball hits a woman for the red team and people run to her .	what hits the woman for the red team and people run to her ?	ball
21396	the ball hits a woman for the red team and people run to her .	what is the color of the team ?	red
21397	People are standing in a swimming pool .	where are people standing . ?	pool
21399	A woman throws the ball into the net and it 's caught by the goalie .	who throws the ball into the net and it 's caught by the goalie ?	woman
21399	A woman throws the ball into the net and it 's caught by the goalie .	what does the woman throw into the net and it 's caught by the goalie ?	ball
21400	A man is outside in the good with an ax attempting to cut down a tree .	who is outside in the good with an ax attempting to cut down a tree ?	man
21401	Finally , the tree comes down and the man begins to hit the tree with the ax .	what does finally , come down and the man begins to hit the tree with the ax ?	tree
21401	Finally , the tree comes down and the man begins to hit the tree with the ax .	who does finally , the tree come down and begins to hit the tree with the ax ?	man
21404	The track opens again and they start another race .	what opens again and they start another race ?	track
21405	Two bikers are dancing around before getting back on their bikes to get back on the track for another little race .	how many bikers are dancing around before getting back on their bikes to get back on the track for another little race ?	two
21406	A foreman wear blue colored gloves before he begins welding metal .	who wear blue colored gloves before he begins welding metal ?	foreman
21406	A foreman wear blue colored gloves before he begins welding metal .	what do the foreman wear ?	gloves
21406	A foreman wear blue colored gloves before he begins welding metal .	what is the color of the gloves ?	blue
21409	Then switches off the welding torch and puts the equipment away .	what does then switch off welding ?	torch
21409	Then switches off the welding torch and puts the equipment away .	what does then put away ?	equipment
21410	A man holding a javelin runs down a track .	who is holding a javelin runs down a track ?	man
21411	The man throws the javelin .	who throws the javelin ?	man
21412	The man falls to the ground .	who falls to the ground ?	man
21415	The man pumps his arms and we see happy people in the crowd .	who pumps his arms and we see happy people in the crowd ?	man
21417	A girl demonstrates applying contact lenses to her eyes in an extreme close up video .	who demonstrates applying contact lenses to her eyes in an extreme close up video ?	girl
21418	A pink slide appears advising that the a person is not good at applying contact lenses .	what appears advising that the a person is not good at applying contact lenses ?	slide
21419	Three people are walking on a bridge on a lagoon .	how many people are walking on the bridge on a lagoon ?	three
21420	We see a man on a boat and a lady putting on scuba gear .	who do we see on a boat and a lady putting on scuba gear ?	man
21422	We see a man holding an underwater animal he hands to a lady .	who do we see holding an underwater animal he hands to a lady ?	man
21424	A woman is seen bending forward while sitting on a bed and holding a brush in her hands .	who is seen bending forward while sitting on the bed and holding a brush in her hands ?	woman
21427	People are in a boat while a person is attached to the back and waterboarding .	where are people while a person is attached to the back and waterboarding . ?	boat
21428	As a large splash of water flies into the air white words appear in the middle of the screen that say `` Wipeout Bay of Plenty '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
21430	A child is standing on a stool filling a cup up with water in the sink .	who is standing on the stool filling a cup up with water in the sink ?	child
21431	The child puts purple gloves on .	who puts purple gloves on ?	child
21431	The child puts purple gloves on .	what does the child put on ?	gloves
21431	The child puts purple gloves on .	what is the color of the gloves ?	purple
21432	They take the gloves off and set them in the sink .	where did they set them . ?	sink
21433	A man wiggles his toes while seated in a room barefoot .	who wiggles his toes while seated in a room barefoot ?	man
21434	The man puts on his shoes and ties the laces .	who puts on his shoes and ties the laces ?	man
21434	The man puts on his shoes and ties the laces .	what does the man tie ?	laces
21435	The man dances his feet around while seated .	who dances his feet around while seated ?	man
21436	Three men are presenting an instructional video for Slikhaar Studios .	how many men are presenting an instructional video for slikhaar studios ?	three
21437	The man in the center is demonstrating a hairstyle on the person wearing the blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
21438	The man in the blue shirt sits on the chair next to the sink .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
21439	The other man begins washing his hair .	who begins washing his hair ?	man
21440	He scrubs in the shampoo and then washes it off .	where does he scrub . ?	shampoo
21442	He uses an electric clipper to groom the sideburns and the temples .	what does he use ?	clipper
21447	A woman is shown standing in front of an elliptical trainer , talking .	who is shown standing in front of an elliptical trainer , talking ?	woman
21452	The trainer is folded to show compaction and ease of storage .	who is folded to show compaction and ease of storage ?	trainer
21453	A grey bunny is standing on a bed on a black towel eating something in his hand .	who is standing on the bed on a black towel eating something in his hand ?	bunny
21453	A grey bunny is standing on a bed on a black towel eating something in his hand .	what is the color of the bunny ?	gray
21453	A grey bunny is standing on a bed on a black towel eating something in his hand .	what is the color of the towel ?	black
21454	As he eats , the bunny begins to grabs his ears and shakes its head .	, who begins to grabs his ears and shakes its head ?	bunny
21456	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding a set of tools and presenting them to the camera .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding a set of tools and presenting them to the camera ?	man
21457	He then uses the tools on bushes nearby while still looking to the camera to speak .	what does he then use on bushes nearby while ?	tools
21458	Athletes run down a track and throw a javelins across the field .	who run down the track and throw a javelins across the field ?	athletes
21459	A referees runs out to check the javelin position .	who runs out to check the javelin position ?	referees
21460	A leader board is shows scores of athletes .	who is shows scores of athletes ?	board
21465	People are driving a car with rafts on the back .	what are people driving with rafts on the back ?	car
21469	A man shows up on the screen wearing a martial arts uniform showing people how to do a side kick .	who shows up on the screen wearing a martial arts uniform showing people how to do a side kick ?	man
21474	We see an opening white screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21474	We see an opening white screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
21476	The man pulls a cord on the bike near the tire .	who pulls the cord on the bike near the tire ?	man
21477	The men then adjusts the bake lever again .	what does the men then adjust again ?	lever
21478	We then see the man talking to the camera .	who do we then see talking to the camera ?	man
21479	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21480	woman that is sitting in a chair is holding a cup in the dog 's mouth so the fog can lick the cup .	who is holding a cup in the dog 's mouth so the fog can lick the cup ?	woman
21480	woman that is sitting in a chair is holding a cup in the dog 's mouth so the fog can lick the cup .	is woman sitting where is holding a cup in the dog 's mouth so the fog can lick the cup . ?	chair
21481	black dog is standing in a living oom licking water from a cup .	what is standing in the living oom licking water from a cup ?	dog
21481	black dog is standing in a living oom licking water from a cup .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
21482	a woman is standing in a living with a black dog in a white carpet .	who is standing in the living with a black dog in a white carpet ?	woman
21482	a woman is standing in a living with a black dog in a white carpet .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
21482	a woman is standing in a living with a black dog in a white carpet .	what is the color of the carpet ?	white
21483	We see a white opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21483	We see a white opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
21484	We see two men sitting then shaking their heads .	how many men do we see sitting then shaking their heads ?	two
21486	The two men argue about the game .	how many men argue about the game ?	two
21489	The man has his foot on a red ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
21491	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21492	A man is seen standing on a ladder and working on a roof while the camera captures his movements .	who is seen standing on the ladder and working on a roof while the camera captures his movements ?	man
21493	The man then sprays down the roof and moves back and fourth .	who then sprays down the roof and moves back and fourth ?	man
21495	Another man then walks up to the court to take his turn while the man who just had a turn moves out of his way .	who then walks up to the court to take his turn while the man who just had a turn moves out of his way ?	man
21496	A woman is pouring ingredients into a mixer .	who is pouring ingredients into a mixer ?	woman
21496	A woman is pouring ingredients into a mixer .	what is the woman pouring into a mixer ?	ingredients
21497	She then makes the dough into balls and puts them on a cookie sheet .	what does she then make into balls ?	dough
21498	She places them in the oven .	where does she place them . ?	oven
21499	A man is sitting down on the ground and has a skate show on one foot and a prosthetic leg for the other .	who is sitting down on the ground and has a skate show on one foot and a prosthetic leg for the other ?	man
21500	The man then puts the roller blade over his prosthetic and then follows with the other foot .	who then puts the roller blade over his prosthetic and then follows with the other foot ?	man
21500	The man then puts the roller blade over his prosthetic and then follows with the other foot .	what does the man then put roller over his prosthetic ?	blade
21507	A man jumps onto a balance beam .	who jumps onto the balance beam ?	man
21510	A man is underneath an RV trying to fix the wheel as a man stands on the outside helping .	who is underneath an rv trying to fix the wheel as a man stands on the outside helping ?	man
21511	The wheel is then taken off and the other group of people crowd around to find the problem .	what is then taken off and the other group of people crowd around to find the problem ?	wheel
21512	As they are talking , the man remains underneath the RV and begins smiling as he holds the rig .	, who remains underneath the rv and begins smiling as he holds the rig ?	man
21513	A young man in a brown hoodie and cargo pants is standing on a road in a forested area , instructing viewers as he holds onto the end of a skateboard .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	brown
21517	A girl is doing back flips on a blue mat .	who is doing back flips on the blue mat ?	girl
21517	A girl is doing back flips on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
21518	A girl does the splits in the air .	who does the splits in the air ?	girl
21523	The man performs sits ups while on the ball and talking .	who performs sits ups while on the ball and talking ?	man
21524	The man sits up and talks to the camera .	who sits up and talks to the camera ?	man
21525	The end screen is seen on a black background .	what is seen on the black background ?	screen
21525	The end screen is seen on a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
21526	Ingredients are prepared and poured into a large mixing bowl .	what are prepared and poured into the large mixing bowl ?	ingredients
21527	A woman washes a bowl in a kitchen sink with a sponge .	who washes the bowl in a kitchen sink with a sponge ?	woman
21527	A woman washes a bowl in a kitchen sink with a sponge .	where does the woman wash a bowl with a sponge . ?	sink
21528	The woman smells the bowl to make sure it is clean .	who smells the bowl to make sure it is clean ?	woman
21528	The woman smells the bowl to make sure it is clean .	what does the woman smell ?	bowl
21529	The woman places the bowl into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	who places the bowl into a dish washer and shows the proper placement ?	woman
21529	The woman places the bowl into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	what does the woman place into a dish washer ?	bowl
21530	A woman washes a plate in a kitchen sink with a sponge .	who washes the plate in a kitchen sink with a sponge ?	woman
21530	A woman washes a plate in a kitchen sink with a sponge .	where does the woman wash a plate with a sponge . ?	sink
21531	The woman smells the plate to make sure it is clean .	who smells the plate to make sure it is clean ?	woman
21531	The woman smells the plate to make sure it is clean .	what does the woman smell ?	plate
21532	The woman places the plate into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	who places the plate into a dish washer and shows the proper placement ?	woman
21532	The woman places the plate into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	what does the woman place into a dish washer ?	plate
21533	A woman washes glass cups in a kitchen sink with a sponge .	who washes glass cups in a kitchen sink with a sponge ?	woman
21533	A woman washes glass cups in a kitchen sink with a sponge .	what does the woman wash in a kitchen sink with a sponge ?	cups
21534	The woman smells the glass cups to make sure they are clean .	who smells the glass cups to make sure they are clean ?	woman
21535	The woman places the glass cups into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	who places the glass cups into a dish washer and shows the proper placement ?	woman
21535	The woman places the glass cups into a dish washer and shows the proper placement .	what does the woman place into a dish washer ?	cups
21542	A woman demonstrates how to make a mixed drink in a bar at a bar countertop in front of a countertop filled with alcohol .	who demonstrates how to make the mixed drink in a bar at a bar countertop in front of a countertop filled with alcohol ?	woman
21543	The woman begins by talking to the camera and pulling out a bottle of alcohol next to a mason jar prepped with a slice of lemon and mint in it .	who begins by talking to the camera and pulling out a bottle of alcohol next to a mason jar prepped with a slice of lemon and mint in it ?	woman
21544	The woman pours ice in the glass and a few shots of alcohol and then pours lemonade in the glass with a mint sprig and lemon wedge on the rim .	who pours ice in the glass and a few shots of alcohol and then pours lemonade in the glass with a mint sprig and lemon wedge on the rim ?	woman
21544	The woman pours ice in the glass and a few shots of alcohol and then pours lemonade in the glass with a mint sprig and lemon wedge on the rim .	the woman then pours what in the glass with a mint sprig and lemon wedge on the rim ?	lemonade
21545	The woman takes a sip of the drink before the scene fades .	who takes the sip of the drink before the scene fades ?	woman
21546	a man is outside in his yard .	who is outside in his yard ?	man
21547	He is using a pressure washer to wash the leaves off his lawn .	who is he using ?	washer
21549	A man fills a pot with water and adds salt and oil , and then boil the water while talking .	who fills the pot with water and adds salt and oil , and then boil the water while talking ?	man
21549	A man fills a pot with water and adds salt and oil , and then boil the water while talking .	what does the man fill with water ?	pot
21550	Then , the man puts the spaghetti in the bowling pot .	who does then , put the spaghetti in the bowling pot ?	man
21550	Then , the man puts the spaghetti in the bowling pot .	where does then , the man put the spaghetti . ?	pot
21551	After , the man taste the spaghetti and drain it .	after , who taste the spaghetti and drain it ?	man
21551	After , the man taste the spaghetti and drain it .	what do after , the man taste ?	spaghetti
21552	Next , the man adds grated cheese and oil on the spaghetti .	who does next , add grated cheese and oil on the spaghetti ?	man
21555	A woman in a white tank top is riding an exercise bike in a room .	what is the color of the top ?	white
21555	A woman in a white tank top is riding an exercise bike in a room .	where is the woman in a white tank top riding an exercise bike . ?	room
21556	She is doing push ups on a black mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	black
21560	A man is demonstrating how to cook a friend bologna sandwich in his kitchen .	who is demonstrating how to cook the friend bologna sandwich in his kitchen ?	man
21560	A man is demonstrating how to cook a friend bologna sandwich in his kitchen .	where is the man demonstrating how to cook a friend bologna sandwich . ?	kitchen
21561	He takes two slices of sandwich bread and puts them in the toaster .	how many slices does he take of sandwich bread ?	two
21564	Then he takes two slices of American cheese .	how many slices does then he take of american cheese ?	two
21567	A man is sitting on a weight machine and grabbing onto handle bars .	who is sitting on the weight machine and grabbing onto handle bars ?	man
21571	kids are playing hurling in a large green field .	who are playing hurling in the large green field ?	kids
21571	kids are playing hurling in a large green field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
21572	kids are sanding al in front of the goal to make a free shot .	who are sanding al in front of the goal to make a free shot ?	kids
21573	kids are posing for a picture in the green field .	who are posing for the picture in the green field ?	kids
21573	kids are posing for a picture in the green field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
21574	A woman is talking while holding a saxophone .	who is talking while holding the saxophone ?	woman
21577	A guy raises a metal ball above his head , spins with a metal ball , and releases the metal ball .	who raises the metal ball above his head , spins with a metal ball , and releases the metal ball ?	guy
21577	A guy raises a metal ball above his head , spins with a metal ball , and releases the metal ball .	what does the guy raise above his head ?	ball
21577	A guy raises a metal ball above his head , spins with a metal ball , and releases the metal ball .	what does the guy release ?	ball
21578	A guy cheers after releasing the metal ball .	who cheers after releasing the metal ball ?	guy
21580	A little boy is riding in a car drinking a drink and playing with his phone .	who is riding in the car drinking a drink and playing with his phone ?	boy
21580	A little boy is riding in a car drinking a drink and playing with his phone .	where is the little boy riding drinking a drink and playing with his phone . ?	car
21582	A man runs out on a professional stadium and throws a ball at a batter .	who runs out on the professional stadium and throws a ball at a batter ?	man
21582	A man runs out on a professional stadium and throws a ball at a batter .	what does the man throw at a batter ?	ball
21583	Two women watching the game cheer after the batter hits the ball with his plank .	who are watching the game cheer after the batter hits the ball with his plank ?	women
21583	Two women watching the game cheer after the batter hits the ball with his plank .	how many women is watching the game cheer after the batter hits the ball with his plank ?	two
21584	One of the women exposes her bare chest to the camera , a black bar is overlaid .	what is the color of the bar ?	black
21585	The camera returns to action on the field .	what returns to action on the field ?	camera
21589	A man is seen standing in a bathroom with a woman and looking back to speak to the camera .	who is seen standing in the bathroom with a woman and looking back to speak to the camera ?	man
21590	The man then moves all around the bathroom while continuing to speak and the camera zooms in .	who then moves all around the bathroom while continuing to speak and the camera zooms in ?	man
21590	The man then moves all around the bathroom while continuing to speak and the camera zooms in .	what does the man then move all around the bathroom while continuing to speak and zooms in ?	camera
21591	A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing in front of exercise equipment .	who is seen speaking to the camera while standing in front of exercise equipment ?	man
21593	The man the uses the machine continuously while pointing to his body and showing off his legs .	who uses the machine continuously while pointing to his body and showing off his legs ?	man
21593	The man the uses the machine continuously while pointing to his body and showing off his legs .	what does the man the use continuously ?	machine
21594	A set of black boots are shown on a small table along with a bottle oil and a rag in front of a woman .	what is the color of the boots ?	black
21595	The woman then grabs the rag and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing the boots .	who then grabs the rag and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing the boots ?	woman
21595	The woman then grabs the rag and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing the boots .	what does the woman then grab ?	rag
21595	The woman then grabs the rag and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing the boots .	the woman then puts olive oil on it and begins polishing what ?	boots
21597	Two wrestlers are seen hunches over in a ring with one running over to the other .	who are seen hunches over in a ring with one running over to the other ?	wrestlers
21597	Two wrestlers are seen hunches over in a ring with one running over to the other .	how many wrestlers are seen hunches over in a ring with one running over to the other ?	two
21598	One wrestler grabs the other and flips him over his shoulders , then a ref hits the side to tap out .	who grabs the other and flips him over his shoulders , then a ref hits the side to tap out ?	wrestler
21598	One wrestler grabs the other and flips him over his shoulders , then a ref hits the side to tap out .	one wrestler grabs the other and flips him over his shoulders , then who hits the side to tap out ?	ref
21598	One wrestler grabs the other and flips him over his shoulders , then a ref hits the side to tap out .	how many wrestler grabs the other and flips him over his shoulders ?	one
21599	A young boy roller blades off a ramp and onto another ramp .	who blades off the ramp and onto another ramp ?	roller
21600	The boy speeds off onto a ramp and jumps off it , landing on the cement .	who speeds off onto the ramp and jumps off it , landing on the cement ?	boy
21601	Later , the boy roller blades onto another ramp .	who does later , blades onto another ramp ?	roller
21602	The young boy is seen in another outfit , performing spins at the end of his roller blading .	who is seen in another outfit , performing spins at the end of his roller blading ?	boy
21603	The boy roller blades criss cross style around some orange cones .	what does roller criss cross style around some orange cones ?	blades
21603	The boy roller blades criss cross style around some orange cones .	what is the color of the cones ?	orange
21604	The boy does it again , this time weaving in and out of the cones .	who does it again , this time weaving in and out of the cones ?	boy
21605	A man is using a welding tool on a pile of random metal indoors .	who is using the welding tool on a pile of random metal indoors ?	man
21605	A man is using a welding tool on a pile of random metal indoors .	what is the man using welding on a pile of random metal indoors ?	tool
21606	Another man is holding up a shield to protect himself .	who is holding up the shield to protect himself ?	man
21606	Another man is holding up a shield to protect himself .	what is another man holding up ?	shield
21607	The man holds up a shield to his face as he welds .	who holds up the shield to his face as he welds ?	man
21608	A man demonstrates how to use a special dog collar and harness on a dog using both a stuffed toy dog and real dogs .	who demonstrates how to use the special dog collar and harness on a dog using both a stuffed toy dog and real dogs ?	man
21609	Two hands are showcased holding the red collar by itself and demonstrating the features of the collar harness with still graphics to accompany the hand showcase .	how many hands are showcased holding the red collar by itself and demonstrating the features of the collar harness with still graphics to accompany the hand showcase ?	two
21609	Two hands are showcased holding the red collar by itself and demonstrating the features of the collar harness with still graphics to accompany the hand showcase .	what is the color of the collar ?	red
21610	A camera zooms in on a backyard that contains a volkswagon and other various items .	what zooms in on the backyard that contains a volkswagon and other various items ?	camera
21611	A man is shown putting skis together at a rapid pace .	who is shown putting skis together at a rapid pace ?	man
21612	The man finishes up the skis and leaves his hat on top of the skis .	who finishes up the skis and leaves his hat on top of the skis ?	man
21612	The man finishes up the skis and leaves his hat on top of the skis .	what does the man finish up ?	skis
21612	The man finishes up the skis and leaves his hat on top of the skis .	what does the man leave on top of the skis ?	hat
21613	An underwater view of blue water appear at the deep end of the pool .	what is the color of the water ?	blue
21616	A man goes into the water feet first , lands at the bottom of the deep pool , then drops to do a push up and then quickly shoots up .	who goes into the water feet first , lands at the bottom of the deep pool , then drops to do a push up and then quickly shoots up ?	man
21617	One guys jumps on the diving board but instead of diving he loses his footing and falls into the water .	who jumps on the diving board but instead of diving he loses his footing and falls into the water ?	guys
21617	One guys jumps on the diving board but instead of diving he loses his footing and falls into the water .	how many guys jumps on the diving board but instead of diving ?	one
21618	A boy is standing at a wall pressing a button and talking into an intercom then stops and laughs .	who then stops and laughs ?	boy
21620	He lifts the woman up into the air .	who does he lift up into the air ?	woman
21621	The camera pans up to a tall building in the background .	what pans up to the tall building in the background ?	camera
21627	They ride the camels toward a set of pyramids .	what do they ride toward a set of pyramids ?	camels
21628	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto an accordion .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto an accordion ?	woman
21631	A young teenaged boy is standing outside of the house with a tennis ball and racket .	who is standing outside of the house with a tennis ball and racket ?	boy
21635	A man is concentrating extremely hard as he is throwing darts on to a board at a tournament .	who is concentrating extremely hard as he is throwing darts on to a board at a tournament ?	man
21637	The two go back and forth , however the first guy appears to be the fan 's favorite and ends up winning the game .	who do the two go back and forth , however appears to be the fan 's favorite and ends up winning the game ?	guy
21638	A boy sprays shaving cream into his hand from a can in his bathroom .	who sprays shaving cream into his hand from a can in his bathroom ?	boy
21639	The boy applies the shaving cream to his face .	who applies the shaving cream to his face ?	boy
21641	A man rubs his smooth face .	who rubs his smooth face ?	man
21642	The man holds up a metal oil can .	who holds up the metal oil can ?	man
21643	The man applies a medicine dropper with liquid to a razor and demonstrates how to use it .	who applies the medicine dropper with liquid to a razor and demonstrates how to use it ?	man
21645	The man continues wiping the mud off of his face as the mud drips down into the sink .	who continues wiping the mud off of his face as the mud drips down into the sink ?	man
21647	Elmo pulls out a toothbrush and begins dancing while Bruno Mars appears brushing his teeth on the mirror .	what does elmo pull out ?	toothbrush
21650	A small child is seen standing with her hands on her hips and between jumping down a hop scotch outline .	who is seen standing with her hands on her hips and between jumping down a hop scotch outline ?	child
21652	Two teams on horses ride around on a field .	how many teams on horses ride around on a field ?	two
21653	Using cricket bats they hit a ball back and forth .	what is using they hit a ball back and forth ?	bats
21656	A man points to some products for the usage of waxing skis .	who points to some products for the usage of waxing skis ?	man
21657	The man cleans the ski with a towel .	who cleans the ski with a towel ?	man
21658	The man grabs one of the products and rubs it all over the ski , letting the product sit there for a while .	who grabs one of the products and rubs it all over the ski , letting the product sit there for a while ?	man
21659	After some time has passed , the man grabs another product and rubs it all over the ski .	, who grabs another product and rubs it all over the ski ?	man
21659	After some time has passed , the man grabs another product and rubs it all over the ski .	what does , the man grab ?	product
21660	A woman is puts a rod in a base .	who is puts the rod in a base ?	woman
21660	A woman is puts a rod in a base .	where is the woman puts a rod . ?	base
21662	She puts a fake Christmas tree up on the rod .	what does she put up on the rod ?	tree
21665	A white wall on the interior of a room is shown .	what is the color of the wall ?	white
21666	A hand holding a lit match lights a candle .	what is the hand holding a lit match lights ?	candle
21667	A man sets the candle beside a sink and begins to wash dishes .	who sets the candle beside a sink and begins to wash dishes ?	man
21667	A man sets the candle beside a sink and begins to wash dishes .	what does the man set beside a sink ?	candle
21669	Two wrestlers then bend down and walk around the pit a bit followed by wrestling one another .	who then bend down and walk around the pit a bit followed by wrestling one another ?	wrestlers
21669	Two wrestlers then bend down and walk around the pit a bit followed by wrestling one another .	how many wrestlers then bend down and walk around the pit a bit followed by wrestling one another ?	two
21670	One man throws the other down and leads into clips of the city .	who throws the other down and leads into clips of the city ?	man
21670	One man throws the other down and leads into clips of the city .	how many man throws the other down and leads into clips of the city ?	one
21673	A man is engaged in a pool competition .	who is engaged in the pool competition ?	man
21674	He shoots the stick at the balls , making them go into the corner pockets .	what does he shoot at the balls , ?	stick
21675	When he wins , he high fives another man .	who does , he high fives ?	man
21676	A man is crossing a slack line .	who is crossing the slack line ?	man
21680	A camera pans out of a dirt hole and shows a man placing it down next to a tree .	what pans out of the dirt hole and shows a man placing it down next to a tree ?	camera
21680	A camera pans out of a dirt hole and shows a man placing it down next to a tree .	who does the camera show placing it down next to a tree ?	man
21681	The camera pans around the tree and shows the man checking up on the dirt .	what pans around the tree and shows the man checking up on the dirt ?	camera
21681	The camera pans around the tree and shows the man checking up on the dirt .	who does the camera show up on the dirt ?	checking
21682	A man sitting in a kayak pushing himself around swirling water using his paddles for support .	who is sitting in a kayak pushing himself around swirling water using his paddles for support ?	man
21683	The man flips several times in the water attempting to break free and he eventually does .	who flips several times in the water attempting to break free and he eventually does ?	man
21684	The man in sweater checked his phone then get two rackets in the bag , handed one to the guy , the guy standing bounced the ball on the racket .	how many rackets did the man in sweater check his phone then get in the bag , handed one to the guy ?	two
21685	The two men started playing tennis while they are sitting .	how many men started playing tennis while they are sitting ?	two
21687	A bald man went down on the stairs and went to the two men who were playing tennis on the wall .	who went down on the stairs and went to the two men who were playing tennis on the wall ?	man
21688	A woman is seen working out with a man and leads into her speaking to the camera .	who is seen working out with the man and leads into her speaking to the camera ?	woman
21691	A woman blowing kisses at the camera , then inserting her contact lenses .	who blowing kisses at the camera , then inserting her contact lenses ?	woman
21691	A woman blowing kisses at the camera , then inserting her contact lenses .	what is the woman inserting contact ?	lenses
21695	A group of cheerleaders perform doing a tower , then the cheerleaders jump down .	who do the group of cheerleaders perform , then jump down ?	cheerleaders
21696	After , the cheerleaders jump , flip and does cartwheels .	what does , do ?	cartwheels
21697	Next , the cheerleaders form human towers and dance together .	who do next , form human towers and dance together ?	cheerleaders
21698	A woman is working out on an elliptical machine .	who is working out on an elliptical machine ?	woman
21699	The woman is sitting on a couch in heels .	who is sitting on the couch in heels ?	woman
21701	There are two men in the water wearing wetsuits and laying on their surfboards as they ride a wave .	how many men are there in the water wearing wetsuits and laying on their surfboards as they ride a wave ?	two
21702	The camera man is in a fast moving boat and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up .	who is in the fast moving boat and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up ?	man
21702	The camera man is in a fast moving boat and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up .	where is the camera man and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up . ?	boat
21704	A girl is sitting in the sand .	who is sitting in the sand ?	girl
21705	She is putting sand in a blue bucket in front of her .	what is the color of the bucket ?	blue
21706	Two people walk along the beach in front of her .	how many people walk along the beach in front of her ?	two
21707	A man walks into a room and puts his hand on a ladder while talking .	who walks into the room and puts his hand on a ladder while talking ?	man
21708	We see a man putting orange tiles on a floor .	what is the color of the tiles ?	orange
21709	We see aa man tiling a shower .	who do we see tiling a shower ?	man
21709	We see aa man tiling a shower .	we see aa man tiling what ?	shower
21710	We see the man putting the tiles on a floor again .	who do we see putting the tiles on a floor again ?	man
21710	We see the man putting the tiles on a floor again .	we see the man putting what on a floor again ?	tiles
21713	Older women are behind sewing machines sewing blankets .	who are behind sewing machines sewing blankets ?	women
21713	Older women are behind sewing machines sewing blankets .	what are older women behind sewing ?	machines
21715	They get ins the boat with paddles and some others next to them in a kayak .	where do they get ins . ?	kayak
21716	They use the paddle to try to control the boat , but get splashed by the very brown water .	what do they use ?	paddle
21716	They use the paddle to try to control the boat , but get splashed by the very brown water .	what is the color of the water ?	brown
21717	Another little boat comes and bumps into them , they paddle until they are about to reach back to land .	what comes and bumps into them , they paddle until they are about to reach back to land ?	boat
21725	The camera is shown in various angles the man riding the bike with the dog .	what is shown in various angles the man riding the bike with the dog ?	camera
21726	The man continues riding around with the dog .	who continues riding around with the dog ?	man
21728	Two men are at each end of the rope pulling in their own direction over the mud .	how many men are at each end of the rope pulling in their own direction over the mud ?	two
21729	The red rope is leaning toward the man in blue as he nearly sits on the ground .	what is leaning toward the man in blue as he nearly sits on the ground ?	rope
21729	The red rope is leaning toward the man in blue as he nearly sits on the ground .	what is the color of the rope ?	red
21730	The referee is on his knee observing .	who is on his knee observing ?	referee
21731	The competitor is taking short breaths as he stares .	who is taking short breaths as he stares ?	competitor
21733	Each man continues to pull as they lean back in the mud .	who continues to pull as they lean back in the mud ?	man
21734	It shows 6 minutes has passed as they continue to pull .	how many minutes does it show has passed as they continue to pull ?	six
21737	The two men shake hands and hug and walk away .	how many men shake hands and hug and walk away ?	two
21747	A man on a boat jumps ship after an item with the boat still moving .	what does the man on a boat jump after an item with the boat still moving ?	ship
21748	A middle eastern news caster is talking about a recent event in another language .	who is talking about the recent event in another language ?	caster
21751	A man in a red shirt is being interviewed while it shows others at the event on the split screen .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
21754	A Christmas tree stands undecorated in a living room .	what stands undecorated in the living room ?	tree
21754	A Christmas tree stands undecorated in a living room .	where does the christmas tree stand undecorated . ?	room
21755	Two people decorate the tree with a light cord .	how many people decorate the tree with a light cord ?	two
21756	Three people decorate the tree with blue and silver balls .	how many people decorate the tree with blue and silver balls ?	three
21757	The tree lights are turned on and wrapped gifts are placed under the tree as people start to sit under the tree and a dog casually walks by the tree .	what are turned on and wrapped gifts are placed under the tree as people start to sit under the tree and a dog casually walks by the tree ?	lights
21757	The tree lights are turned on and wrapped gifts are placed under the tree as people start to sit under the tree and a dog casually walks by the tree .	the tree lights are turned on and wrapped and what casually walks by the tree ?	dog
21759	A guy is standing , gesturing , and instructing in a gym .	who is standing , gesturing , and instructing in the gym ?	guy
21759	A guy is standing , gesturing , and instructing in a gym .	where is the guy standing , gesturing , and instructing . ?	gym
21760	A man demonstrates a gymnastic stunt on a hand platform .	who demonstrates the gymnastic stunt on a hand platform ?	man
21761	The man poses with his hands extended in the air .	who poses with his hands extended in the air ?	man
21763	There 's man dressed in a black sweater playing the violin in a church .	who does there 's dressed in a black sweater playing the violin in a church ?	man
21763	There 's man dressed in a black sweater playing the violin in a church .	what is the color of the sweater ?	black
21764	There 's a woman standing next to him , also dressed on black holding a violin in her hands .	what is the color of the woman ?	black
21766	After the man stops playing the violin , the woman joins in and begins playing her violin .	, who joins in and begins playing her violin ?	woman
21769	The camera pans to people watching the game .	what pans to people watching the game ?	camera
21770	The camera returns to the people riding the donkeys .	what returns to the people riding the donkeys ?	camera
21772	The man lifts it over his head and his score his shown afterwards .	who lifts it over his head and his score his shown afterwards ?	man
21774	Several dogs are at a park .	what are at the park ?	dogs
21775	Their owners talk about the .	who talk about the ?	owners
21776	Several vendors are set up in tents .	who are set up in tents ?	vendors
21777	The ownders walk the dogs around .	what do the ownders walk around ?	dogs
21780	A woman is shown talking in her kitchen .	who is shown talking in her kitchen ?	woman
21780	A woman is shown talking in her kitchen .	where is the woman shown talking . ?	kitchen
21781	She fills a bowl with butter , flour and sugar , and adds eggs .	what does she fill with butter , flour and sugar ?	bowl
21781	She fills a bowl with butter , flour and sugar , and adds eggs .	what does she add ?	eggs
21782	She creates a dough , and then makes and bakes a batch of cookies .	what does she create , and then makes and bakes a batch of cookies ?	dough
21783	A girl is crossing the monkey bars .	who is crossing the monkey bars ?	girl
21783	A girl is crossing the monkey bars .	what is the girl crossing ?	bars
21784	A girl in a yellow shirt is standing on the ground watching .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
21785	A girl on a blue shirt is standing on a playground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
21786	A woman is seen sitting in a canoe when a man pushes her along and climbs in back .	who is seen sitting in the canoe when a man pushes her along and climbs in back ?	woman
21787	The man is seen riding around and looking at her surroundings while the man behind paddles .	who is seen riding around and looking at her surroundings while the man behind paddles ?	man
21788	The woman continues sitting and looking around her at the trees and sights .	who continues sitting and looking around her at the trees and sights ?	woman
21789	A man is getting his ear pierced by another individual who only has his or her hands in frame .	who is getting his ear pierced by another individual who only has his or her hands in frame ?	man
21791	The camera focus on the first individual .	what focus on the first individual ?	camera
21792	The second individual pierces the first man 's other ear .	who does the second individual pierce other ear ?	man
21793	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21795	The lady pours water on the clothes from a bowl .	who pours water on the clothes from a bowl ?	lady
21796	The lady pushes her hair back .	who pushes her hair back ?	lady
21797	The lady pours more water on the clothes .	who pours more water on the clothes ?	lady
21798	We see the closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21799	A man is outside scraping the ice off of the windows of his car .	who is outside scraping the ice off of the windows of his car ?	man
21800	Once he is finished , he puts the tool in the back of his seat and gets in the car .	what does , he put in the back of his seat ?	tool
21800	Once he is finished , he puts the tool in the back of his seat and gets in the car .	where is once he finished , he puts the tool in the back of his seat and gets . ?	car
21804	A lady is sitting and playing the piano .	who is sitting and playing the piano ?	lady
21804	A lady is sitting and playing the piano .	what is the lady sitting and playing ?	piano
21805	A guy is standing and playing a saxophone .	who is standing and playing the saxophone ?	guy
21805	A guy is standing and playing a saxophone .	what is the guy standing and playing ?	saxophone
21809	The little boy serves and returns the ball well .	who serves and returns the ball well ?	boy
21809	The little boy serves and returns the ball well .	what does the little boy return well ?	ball
21810	The little boy miss a ball that ends in the net , then the man recovers the ball and they continue playing .	who miss the ball that ends in the net , then the man recovers the ball and they continue playing ?	boy
21810	The little boy miss a ball that ends in the net , then the man recovers the ball and they continue playing .	what do the little boy miss , then the man recovers the ball and they continue playing ?	ball
21810	The little boy miss a ball that ends in the net , then the man recovers the ball and they continue playing .	who do the little boy miss a ball , then recovers the ball and they continue playing ?	man
21810	The little boy miss a ball that ends in the net , then the man recovers the ball and they continue playing .	what do the little boy miss a ball , then the man recovers and they continue playing ?	ball
21810	The little boy miss a ball that ends in the net , then the man recovers the ball and they continue playing .	do the little boy miss a ball ends where , then the man recovers the ball and they continue playing . ?	net
21811	Two young motorcycle riders sit on the bikes and wave on a dirt trail .	how many young motorcycle riders sit on the bikes and wave on a dirt trail ?	two
21812	The boys ride their bikes over jumps on the trails .	who ride their bikes over jumps on the trails ?	boys
21812	The boys ride their bikes over jumps on the trails .	what do the boys ride over jumps on the trails ?	bicycles
21813	A young rider jumps a ramp and clutches the handlebars with his feet .	what does the young rider jump ?	ramp
21813	A young rider jumps a ramp and clutches the handlebars with his feet .	what does the young rider clutch with his feet ?	handlebars
21814	The boy does heal clicks and kicks his feet to the side of the motor bike in mid air .	who does heal clicks and kicks his feet to the side of the motor bike in mid air ?	boy
21815	A young girl with messy curly hair is standing in front of the sink cleaning a dish with a blue sponge .	what is the color of the sponge ?	blue
21817	As she grabs the next dish , someone comes along and puts another dish in the sink as she continues to dump water in and out of the container .	where does as she grab the next dish , someone comes along and puts another dish as she continues to dump water in and out of the container . ?	sink
21818	A man is sitting down playing a saxophone .	who is sitting down playing the saxophone ?	man
21822	A woman dressed in an orange and red dress and scarf is standing and talking has she hold white paper in her hands .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
21823	The woman is no longer shown and there are various pictures flashing that seem to be about SPEED CAR WASH. .	who is no longer shown and there are various pictures flashing that seem to be about speed car wash. ?	woman
21823	The woman is no longer shown and there are various pictures flashing that seem to be about SPEED CAR WASH. .	what is the woman no longer shown and there are flashing that seem to be about speed car wash. ?	pictures
21824	The woman from before who is dressed in an orange and red dress appears again and is still holding the white paper as she talks .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
21826	A pier is shown at a beach , with people walking alongside it .	what is shown at the beach , with people walking alongside it ?	pier
21827	Many pictures are shown of a woman tying up a pair of skates .	what are shown of the woman tying up a pair of skates ?	pictures
21829	We follow the woman as she skates alongside surfboards and other people .	who do we follow ?	woman
21831	The woman approaches a young male and touch his face , then the man gets angry and push the woman who ends on his arms and they continues dancing .	who approaches the young male and touch his face , then the man gets angry and push the woman who ends on his arms and they continues dancing ?	woman
21831	The woman approaches a young male and touch his face , then the man gets angry and push the woman who ends on his arms and they continues dancing .	who does the woman approach a young male and touch his face , then gets angry and push the woman who ends on his arms and they continues dancing ?	man
21831	The woman approaches a young male and touch his face , then the man gets angry and push the woman who ends on his arms and they continues dancing .	who does the woman approach a young male and touch his face , then the man gets angry and push and they continues dancing ?	woman
21833	A man puts two bread sticks on the nose while a woman watch with surprise .	who puts two bread sticks on the nose while a woman watch with surprise ?	man
21833	A man puts two bread sticks on the nose while a woman watch with surprise .	how many bread does the man put sticks on the nose while a woman watch with surprise ?	two
21834	A little girl is wiping water all over her face .	who is wiping water all over her face ?	girl
21839	One guy seems to have a paint ball rocket launcher and shoots a guy with it .	who seems to have the paint ball rocket launcher and shoots a guy with it ?	guy
21839	One guy seems to have a paint ball rocket launcher and shoots a guy with it .	who does one guy shoot with it ?	guy
21839	One guy seems to have a paint ball rocket launcher and shoots a guy with it .	how many guy seems to have the paint ball rocket launcher and shoots a guy with it ?	one
21842	Two girls dressed in a red shirt and black spanxs are bending over preparing for a volley ball game .	who dressed in a red shirt and black spanxs are bending over preparing for a volley ball game ?	girls
21842	Two girls dressed in a red shirt and black spanxs are bending over preparing for a volley ball game .	how many girls dressed in a red shirt and black spanxs are bending over preparing for a volley ball game ?	two
21842	Two girls dressed in a red shirt and black spanxs are bending over preparing for a volley ball game .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
21842	Two girls dressed in a red shirt and black spanxs are bending over preparing for a volley ball game .	what is the color of the spanxs ?	black
21843	The other team is shown on the other side of the net and they serve the ball .	what is the other team shown on the other side of the net and they serve ?	ball
21845	Now they are showing canoes with two men racing and they are also rowing very fast , and then teams of 4 men begin to race .	what are now they showing with two men racing and they are also rowing very fast , and then teams of 4 men begin to race ?	canoes
21847	Two people are skiing down a very cold and snowy mountain slope during winter .	how many people are skiing down the very cold and snowy mountain slope during winter ?	two
21851	We see green writing on a black title screen .	what is the color of the writing ?	green
21851	We see green writing on a black title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
21852	A lady in a lacy black and white bra sits in a black room under bright spot lights smoking a cigarette .	what is the color of the room ?	black
21852	A lady in a lacy black and white bra sits in a black room under bright spot lights smoking a cigarette .	where does the lady sit in a black room under bright spot lights smoking a cigarette . ?	bra
21853	The lady pushes her hair back .	who pushes her hair back ?	lady
21854	The lady adjusts her position in the chair and looks down .	who adjusts her position in the chair and looks down ?	lady
21854	The lady adjusts her position in the chair and looks down .	where does the lady adjust her position . ?	chair
21855	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
21856	A person wearing a mask plays the accordion .	the person wearing what plays the accordion ?	mask
21856	A person wearing a mask plays the accordion .	what is the person wearing a mask plays ?	accordion
21859	The man leans over a set of drums in the snow while the camera pans around .	who leans over the set of drums in the snow while the camera pans around ?	man
21860	The man still plays the drums and stops to walk away and look at the camera .	who still plays the drums and stops to walk away and look at the camera ?	man
21860	The man still plays the drums and stops to walk away and look at the camera .	what does the man still play ?	drums
21861	A man is painting a room .	who is painting the room ?	man
21861	A man is painting a room .	what is the man painting ?	room
21864	A camera captures several shots of sites as well as people standing outside drinking and celebrating .	what captures several shots of sites as well as people standing outside drinking and celebrating ?	camera
21865	One man pulls out a weed and a drone is seen flying in the distance .	who pulls out the weed and a drone is seen flying in the distance ?	man
21865	One man pulls out a weed and a drone is seen flying in the distance .	what does one man pull out and a drone is seen flying in the distance ?	weed
21865	One man pulls out a weed and a drone is seen flying in the distance .	what does one man pull out a weed and is seen flying in the distance ?	drone
21865	One man pulls out a weed and a drone is seen flying in the distance .	how many man pulls out the weed ?	one
21867	A man shows up in a guerrilla suit and the drone flies over people playing games and riding around .	who shows up in the guerrilla suit and the drone flies over people playing games and riding around ?	man
21867	A man shows up in a guerrilla suit and the drone flies over people playing games and riding around .	what does the man show up in a guerrilla suit and flies over people playing games and riding around ?	drone
21869	The lady picked up a black bottle and spray the body of the horse , then brushed off the dirt off the horse shoes then put polished on the horse 's feet .	who picked up the black bottle and spray the body of the horse , then brushed off the dirt off the horse shoes then put polished on the horse 's feet ?	lady
21870	A young boy arranges a shirt on the floor .	who arranges the shirt on the floor ?	boy
21871	He grabs and iron and irons the shirt .	what do he iron and irons ?	shirt
21873	A young man stands in a dark room holding two maraca 's and speaking to the camera .	who stands in the dark room holding two maraca 's and speaking to the camera ?	man
21874	Another man walks in scolding him and then eventually take off their shirts .	who walks in scolding him and then eventually take off their shirts ?	man
21874	Another man walks in scolding him and then eventually take off their shirts .	what does another man walk in scolding him and then eventually take off ?	shirts
21876	They begin shaving their legs and hold up a razor smiling at the camera .	what do they hold up smiling at the camera ?	razor
21877	A man walks outside plugs his lawn mower in and gets ready to mow .	who walks outside plugs his lawn mower in and gets ready to mow ?	man
21879	His dog comes outside and starts to follow him a little while he 's closer to the house .	what comes outside and starts to follow him a little while he 's closer to the house ?	dog
21881	A man is standing in a kitchen talking .	who is standing in the kitchen talking ?	man
21883	He removes the filter from the vacuum .	what does he remove from the vacuum ?	filter
21885	A middle aged man talks while holding a mop .	the middle aged who while holding a mop ?	talks
21886	The man throws a mop pad on the floor and puts the mop on it picking up the pad .	who throws the mop pad on the floor and puts the mop on it picking up the pad ?	man
21886	The man throws a mop pad on the floor and puts the mop on it picking up the pad .	what does the man put on it picking up the pad ?	mop
21887	The man goes around the room mopping the floor .	who goes around the room mopping the floor ?	man
21888	The same man is standing in a kitchen .	who is standing in the kitchen ?	man
21888	The same man is standing in a kitchen .	where is the same man standing . ?	kitchen
21889	The man runs water over the mop pad and then wrings it out .	who runs water over the mop pad and then wrings it out ?	man
21890	The man throws the mop pad on the floor again and picks it up with the mop .	who throws the mop pad on the floor again and picks it up with the mop ?	man
21891	The man mops the floor going around the furniture .	who mops the floor going around the furniture ?	man
21891	The man mops the floor going around the furniture .	what does the man mop going around the furniture ?	floor
21892	A gymnast mounts a low beam in a gym .	who mounts the low beam in a gym ?	gymnast
21892	A gymnast mounts a low beam in a gym .	where does the gymnast mount a low beam . ?	gym
21898	We see the opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
21901	We then see two people kitesurfing .	how many people do we then see kitesurfing ?	two
21903	We see the island from above .	what do we see from above ?	island
21905	We then see the closing title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
21906	A man get out a home while a dog follows him .	who get out the home while a dog follows him ?	man
21908	The baby floats face up , then a man comes and take the baby .	who floats face up , then a man comes and take the baby ?	baby
21908	The baby floats face up , then a man comes and take the baby .	who does the baby float face up , then comes and take the baby ?	man
21909	A woman puts a baby in the swimming pool , and the baby swims fast to reach the border of the swimming pool .	who puts the baby in the swimming pool , and the baby swims fast to reach the border of the swimming pool ?	woman
21909	A woman puts a baby in the swimming pool , and the baby swims fast to reach the border of the swimming pool .	who does the woman put a baby in the swimming pool , and swims fast to reach the border of the swimming pool ?	baby
21909	A woman puts a baby in the swimming pool , and the baby swims fast to reach the border of the swimming pool .	where does the woman put a baby , and the baby swims fast to reach the border of the swimming pool . ?	pool
21910	A woman puts the baby in the swimming pool who swings and floats .	who puts the baby in the swimming pool who swings and floats ?	woman
21911	Two women are in front of a camera , the woman in the red shirt is speaking .	who are in front of a camera , the woman in the red shirt is speaking ?	women
21911	Two women are in front of a camera , the woman in the red shirt is speaking .	how many women are in front of a camera ?	two
21911	Two women are in front of a camera , the woman in the red shirt is speaking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
21912	The women both put something from a cup in there mouths .	who both put something from a cup in there mouths ?	women
21914	The woman in black makes a face to the camera .	what is the color of the woman ?	black
21915	Both girls bend over a bit in front of the camera .	who bend over the bit in front of the camera ?	girls
21916	The woman in red stops dancing and begins to laugh and the woman in black does this as well .	what is the color of the stops ?	red
21916	The woman in red stops dancing and begins to laugh and the woman in black does this as well .	what is the color of the woman ?	black
21918	A young child is seen talking to the camera while wearing oven mits and holding a stick .	who is seen talking to the camera while wearing oven mits and holding a stick ?	child
21919	The boy then opens and oven door and pulls out a plate of cookies .	who then opens and oven door and pulls out a plate of cookies ?	boy
21919	The boy then opens and oven door and pulls out a plate of cookies .	what do the boy then oven ?	door
21920	He uses the stick to push the rack back and closes the oven while waves to the camera .	what does he use ?	stick
21921	A man in a yellow shirt has his hands behind his head .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
21927	people are in a roofed gym playing and waching the game .	where are people playing and waching the game . ?	gym
21928	A woman is sitting on a mat on the floor .	who is sitting on the mat on the floor ?	woman
21929	A man is talking about how to use a bowflex .	who is talking about how to use the bowflex ?	man
21931	A person is holding a dog covered in suds and holding a bottle of shampoo in a yard .	what is the person holding covered in suds and holding a bottle of shampoo in a yard ?	dog
21934	The camera pans and we see another dog laying on the ground .	what pans and we see another dog laying on the ground ?	camera
21934	The camera pans and we see another dog laying on the ground .	what does the camera pan and we see laying on the ground ?	dog
21935	People that include both children and adults are gathered in a room and are watching a film being projected on a large wall .	do people include both children and adults are gathered where and are watching a film being projected on a large wall . ?	room
21937	Outro appears and it 's the globe , white screens with black words on each one , and then logos .	what is the color of the screens ?	white
21937	Outro appears and it 's the globe , white screens with black words on each one , and then logos .	what is the color of the words ?	black
21938	Two sister toddlers enter in a kitchen , then one toddler wash the dishes in the sink .	who enter in the kitchen , then one toddler wash the dishes in the sink ?	toddlers
21938	Two sister toddlers enter in a kitchen , then one toddler wash the dishes in the sink .	who do two sister toddlers enter in a kitchen , then wash the dishes in the sink ?	toddler
21938	Two sister toddlers enter in a kitchen , then one toddler wash the dishes in the sink .	how many sister toddlers enter in the kitchen ?	two
21938	Two sister toddlers enter in a kitchen , then one toddler wash the dishes in the sink .	how many toddler wash the dishes in the sink ?	one
21938	Two sister toddlers enter in a kitchen , then one toddler wash the dishes in the sink .	where do two sister toddlers enter , then one toddler wash the dishes in the sink . ?	kitchen
21939	The mother puts dishes on the sink and open the dishwasher .	who puts dishes on the sink and open the dishwasher ?	mother
21939	The mother puts dishes on the sink and open the dishwasher .	what does the mother put on the sink ?	dishes
21939	The mother puts dishes on the sink and open the dishwasher .	what do the mother open ?	dishwasher
21940	The toddler sister helps with the dishwasher and then climbs the high chair and help wash the dishes and the toddler loads the dishwasher .	who helps with the dishwasher and then climbs the high chair and help wash the dishes and the toddler loads the dishwasher ?	sister
21941	The mother stands near the refrigerator drinking tea and texting .	who stands near the refrigerator drinking tea and texting ?	mother
21942	The sister toddler go down the chair and leave the kitchen .	who go down the chair and leave the kitchen ?	toddler
21942	The sister toddler go down the chair and leave the kitchen .	what do the sister toddler leave ?	kitchen
21943	Then , the toddler go down the chair , then she close and turn on the dishwasher .	who do then , go down the chair , then she close and turn on the dishwasher ?	toddler
21944	A rope is strung between two trees .	what is strung between two trees ?	rope
21945	A man walks on the rope .	who walks on the rope ?	man
21948	A little boy is throwing darts at a board .	who is throwing darts at a board ?	boy
21950	A girl is standing in a room taking out several arrows out of her pack and using her arrow to release them .	who is standing in the room taking out several arrows out of her pack and using her arrow to release them ?	girl
21950	A girl is standing in a room taking out several arrows out of her pack and using her arrow to release them .	where is the girl standing taking out several arrows out of her pack and using her arrow to release them . ?	room
21952	After she moves again , two carpets are shown hanging from the wall and she continues to aim at her target until all of her bows are gone .	what are , shown hanging from the wall and she continues to aim at her target until all of her bows are gone ?	carpets
21952	After she moves again , two carpets are shown hanging from the wall and she continues to aim at her target until all of her bows are gone .	how many carpets does after she move again , are shown hanging from the wall ?	two
21953	A girl walks onto a mat , bowing before the judges .	who walks onto the mat , bowing before the judges ?	girl
21955	When she is done , a man blows a whistle .	who does , blow the whistle ?	man
21956	A woman is shown talking to the camera holding a vacuum and followed by her vacuuming up her floor at a fast pace .	who is shown talking to the camera holding a vacuum and followed by her vacuuming up her floor at a fast pace ?	woman
21959	One of the men wearing a green shirt aims the dart board with a dart to hit the bull 's eye on one board .	what are one of the men wearing a green shirt aims with a dart to hit the bull 's eye on one board ?	board
21959	One of the men wearing a green shirt aims the dart board with a dart to hit the bull 's eye on one board .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
21960	Another man also hits the dart on the other dart board .	who also hits the dart on the other dart board ?	man
21961	The man in green shoots another dart and then goes to remove it from the dart board .	what is the color of the shoots ?	green
21965	Several shots of people leading around horses are shown and one ties a horse to pole and wets down a razor .	what are several shots of people leading around horses shown and one ties to pole and wets down a razor ?	horse
21966	The woman then cuts the horses mane and rubs down the horses coat while the camera pans around .	who then cuts the horses mane and rubs down the horses coat while the camera pans around ?	woman
21966	The woman then cuts the horses mane and rubs down the horses coat while the camera pans around .	what does the woman then cut ?	mane
21967	The woman unties the horse and finishes by speaking to the camera .	who unties the horse and finishes by speaking to the camera ?	woman
21968	A person watches another person using a leaf blower in a yard from an elevated window .	the person watches another person using what in a yard from an elevated window ?	blower
21970	Another person moves with the camera as they watch from a window in an elevated room against a white window sill .	what is the color of the sill ?	white
21971	The person blowing the leaves moves around the yard and continues to do lawn maintenance .	the person blowing what moves around the yard and continues to do lawn maintenance ?	leaves
21973	A ball is dispensed from an enclosure .	what is dispensed from an enclosure ?	ball
21974	Two boys play a game of table soccer .	who play the game of table soccer ?	boys
21974	Two boys play a game of table soccer .	how many boys play the game of table soccer ?	two
21976	A ball falls down a square chute .	what falls down the square chute ?	ball
21979	She starts to jump over little stands next and then another man joins in to practice with her .	who does she start and then joins in to practice with her ?	man
21981	People rides bumper cars in a carnival .	what did people rid in a carnival ?	cars
21982	A teen wearing red cup gets hit by other cars .	who is wearing red cup gets hit by other cars ?	teen
21982	A teen wearing red cup gets hit by other cars .	the teen wearing what gets hit by other cars ?	cup
21982	A teen wearing red cup gets hit by other cars .	what is the color of the cup ?	red
21985	A boy wearing white shirt spins around and get hit by several cars .	who is wearing white shirt spins around and get hit by several cars ?	boy
21985	A boy wearing white shirt spins around and get hit by several cars .	the boy wearing what spins around and get hit by several cars ?	shirt
21985	A boy wearing white shirt spins around and get hit by several cars .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
21987	A man presents the videos with the topics he will cover as well as the equipment that will be needed to ski .	who presents the videos with the topics he will cover as well as the equipment that will be needed to ski ?	man
21990	A woman is seen holding a pose on a stage and leads into another man walking on stage .	who is seen holding the pose on a stage and leads into another man walking on stage ?	woman
21996	There are two men playing Foos ball with two young boys in a living room .	there are two men playing what with two young boys in a living room ?	ball
21996	There are two men playing Foos ball with two young boys in a living room .	how many men are there playing foos ball with two young boys in a living room ?	two
21998	There is a woman sitting in the living room with a little girl .	who is there sitting in the living room with a little girl ?	woman
21999	The boys play Foos ball with the men .	who play foos ball with the men ?	boys
21999	The boys play Foos ball with the men .	what do the boys play with the men ?	ball
22003	The man then runs down the field and long jumps into a sand pit and his jump is shown again .	who then runs down the field and long jumps into a sand pit and his jump is shown again ?	man
22004	A man is seen holding a sharp knife in his hands while the camera zooms in and the man points to two boxes .	who is seen holding the sharp knife in his hands while the camera zooms in and the man points to two boxes ?	man
22004	A man is seen holding a sharp knife in his hands while the camera zooms in and the man points to two boxes .	who is the man seen while and points to two boxes ?	man
22007	A man is seen looking off into the distance and leads into him speaking to the camera .	who is seen looking off into the distance and leads into him speaking to the camera ?	man
22008	The man continues to speak to the camera and then walks behind a set of drums .	who continues to speak to the camera and then walks behind a set of drums ?	man
22009	The man plays the drums continuously and ends by speaking to the camera .	who plays the drums continuously and ends by speaking to the camera ?	man
22009	The man plays the drums continuously and ends by speaking to the camera .	what does the man play continuously ?	drums
22010	A young girl is shown swinging back and fourth on a swingset and smiling into the camera .	who is shown swinging back and fourth on the swingset and smiling into the camera ?	girl
22012	A person slices and ground garlic and chop parsley .	what did the person grind ?	parsley
22014	The person cooks and drain the pasta , then put the pasta in the pot and add chicken broth , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top .	the person drain what , then put the pasta in the pot and add chicken broth , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top ?	pasta
22014	The person cooks and drain the pasta , then put the pasta in the pot and add chicken broth , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top .	the person drain the pasta , then put the pasta in the pot and add what , the cooked garlic , parsley , salt , pepper and cheese on top ?	broth
22017	A woman blends the holds up a greased pan then adds a yellow butter to a bowl .	who then adds a yellow butter to a bowl ?	blends
22017	A woman blends the holds up a greased pan then adds a yellow butter to a bowl .	what does the woman blends then add to a bowl ?	butter
22017	A woman blends the holds up a greased pan then adds a yellow butter to a bowl .	what is the color of the butter ?	yellow
22020	The woman adds a liquid extracts as well as additional powdered flour to the dish .	who adds the liquid extracts as well as additional powdered flour to the dish ?	woman
22020	The woman adds a liquid extracts as well as additional powdered flour to the dish .	what does the woman add a liquid extracts as well as to the dish ?	flour
22021	The woman adds cubed fruit to the mixture and stirs it with a spatula .	who adds cubed fruit to the mixture and stirs it with a spatula ?	woman
22021	The woman adds cubed fruit to the mixture and stirs it with a spatula .	what does the woman add to the mixture ?	fruit
22022	The host pours the ingredients into a pan then cooks them in an oven .	who pours the ingredients into a pan then cooks them in an oven ?	host
22022	The host pours the ingredients into a pan then cooks them in an oven .	what does the host pour into a pan ?	ingredients
22022	The host pours the ingredients into a pan then cooks them in an oven .	where does the host pour the ingredients into a pan then cooks them . ?	oven
22023	The women enjoy a bite of the dish together .	who enjoy the bite of the dish together ?	women
22024	The host pours a cup of tea to enjoy .	who pours the cup of tea to enjoy ?	host
22025	A woman rubs her hand very well .	who rubs her hand very well ?	woman
22026	Then , the woman rinse her hands with water .	who do then , rinse her hands with water ?	woman
22028	A referee skates over to the people .	who skates over to the people ?	referee
22030	Two boys are out in the yard playing ball .	who are out in the yard playing ball ?	boys
22030	Two boys are out in the yard playing ball .	what are two boys out in the yard playing ?	ball
22030	Two boys are out in the yard playing ball .	how many boys are out in the yard playing ball ?	two
22032	The boys continue passing the ball bath and fourth to each other .	who continue passing the ball bath and fourth to each other ?	boys
22033	One boy throws the ball out into the road while the other runs after it .	who throws the ball out into the road while the other runs after it ?	boy
22033	One boy throws the ball out into the road while the other runs after it .	what does one boy throw out into the road ?	ball
22033	One boy throws the ball out into the road while the other runs after it .	how many boy throws the ball out into the road while the other runs after it ?	one
22034	Another boy comes in with a wig and the boys start wrestling each other .	who comes in with the wig and the boys start wrestling each other ?	boy
22034	Another boy comes in with a wig and the boys start wrestling each other .	who does another boy come in with a wig and start wrestling each other ?	boys
22035	The boys then pretend the beat the boy with the wig up .	who then pretend the beat the boy with the wig up ?	boys
22036	The boys all continue wrestling each other while grabbing the objects and running away .	who all continue wrestling each other while grabbing the objects and running away ?	boys
22037	People are riding bikes around a dirt trail .	what are people riding around a dirt trail ?	bicycles
22039	The boy is wearing a helmet .	who is wearing the helmet ?	boy
22039	The boy is wearing a helmet .	what is the boy wearing ?	helmet
22041	A flame exit a tube and a light sparkles form the welding machine .	what do the flame exit and a light sparkles form the welding machine ?	tube
22041	A flame exit a tube and a light sparkles form the welding machine .	what do the flame exit a tube and a light sparkles form welding ?	machine
22042	Two men weld to join to big cylinders .	how many men weld to join to big cylinders ?	two
22043	A man removes snow on a car using a snowbrush .	who removes snow on a car using a snowbrush ?	man
22044	Then , the man writes over the snow covering the window of a car , and a woman wearing winter clothes smiles .	who does then , write over the snow covering the window of a car , and a woman wearing winter clothes smiles ?	man
22044	Then , the man writes over the snow covering the window of a car , and a woman wearing winter clothes smiles .	who does then , the man write over the snow covering the window of a car , and wearing winter clothes smiles ?	woman
22044	Then , the man writes over the snow covering the window of a car , and a woman wearing winter clothes smiles .	then , the man writes over the snow covering the window of a car , and a woman wearing what smiles ?	clothes
22045	Then , the man continues removing the snow on his car .	who does then , continue removing the snow on his car ?	man
22047	The man falls from his intertube and walks over to the waters edge .	who falls from his intertube and walks over to the waters edge ?	man
22050	A woman cuts the ends off a sweet potato on a cutting board with a knife .	who cuts the ends off a sweet potato on a cutting board with a knife ?	woman
22051	The woman uses a peeling tool to skin a sweet potato over the cutting board .	who uses the peeling tool to skin a sweet potato over the cutting board ?	woman
22051	The woman uses a peeling tool to skin a sweet potato over the cutting board .	what does the woman use ?	tool
22053	The man spins the woman back and forth .	who spins the woman back and forth ?	man
22053	The man spins the woman back and forth .	who does the man spin back and forth ?	woman
22054	The screen turns a green shade .	what turns the green shade ?	screen
22054	The screen turns a green shade .	what is the color of the shade ?	green
22055	The lady takes her hair out of a pony tail .	who takes her hair out of a pony tail ?	lady
22056	The screen turns a blue shade .	what turns the blue shade ?	screen
22056	The screen turns a blue shade .	what is the color of the shade ?	blue
22061	The man stops and the woman is upset .	who stops and the woman is upset ?	man
22061	The man stops and the woman is upset .	who does the man stop and is upset ?	woman
22064	Two people are playing tennis on a court .	how many people are playing tennis on a court ?	two
22065	A person in a yellow shirt stands outside watching .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
22066	A woman opens the door and walks out .	who opens the door and walks out ?	woman
22066	A woman opens the door and walks out .	what does the woman open ?	door
22069	people is playing black jack around a table .	what is the color of the jack ?	black
22070	dealer is dealnig the cards and the tokens to the women .	who is dealnig the cards and the tokens to the women ?	dealer
22071	man stands from a table and walks in a room .	who stands from the table and walks in a room ?	man
22071	man stands from a table and walks in a room .	where does man walk . ?	room
22072	A person is seen raking a yard and pauses to put his hand in his pocket .	where does the person pause to put his hand . ?	pocket
22073	Another man comes walking in with a leaf blower pushing the leaves around .	who comes walking in with the leaf blower pushing the leaves around ?	man
22074	The man rakes more leaves and the leaf blower man comes in again .	who rakes more leaves and the leaf blower man comes in again ?	man
22075	We see the underwater sea floor .	what do we see ?	floor
22076	Two people swim in front of the camera .	how many people swim in front of the camera ?	two
22079	The camera is spinning wildly .	what is spinning wildly ?	camera
22080	Bubbles rise out of a tube .	what rise out of the tube ?	bubbles
22081	A man hands another person the mouthpiece .	who hands another person the mouthpiece ?	man
22082	Two people are seen walking around a yard in front of a board .	how many people are seen walking around the yard in front of a board ?	two
22083	Another man walks in and the group are seen laying up a fence .	who walks in and the group are seen laying up a fence ?	man
22085	A man is sitting behind a table completing a Rubik 's cube .	who is sitting behind the table completing a rubik 's cube ?	man
22086	A person in a blue shirt is standing next to the table holding a stop watch .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
22087	The man completes the Rubik 's cube and sets it down .	who completes the rubik 's cube and sets it down ?	man
22087	The man completes the Rubik 's cube and sets it down .	what does the man complete ?	cube
22089	Two men are outdoors on a sidewalk , playing drums with their bare hands .	how many men are outdoors on the sidewalk , playing drums with their bare hands ?	two
22090	A large crowd crosses the sidewalk as they complete the show , and the man on the left stands upright .	what does the large crowd cross , and the man on the left stands upright ?	sidewalk
22091	woman is talking to a man in an icerink skating and holding hockey poles playing pulling the disc .	who is talking to the man in an icerink skating and holding hockey poles playing pulling the disc ?	woman
22092	woman is in an hospital talking to a man .	who is in an hospital talking to a man ?	woman
22093	man and woman looked the man that have bandage in his head .	who did man and woman look ?	man
22095	The lady then brushes the horse and cleans the hooves on the horse on the right .	who then brushes the horse and cleans the hooves on the horse on the right ?	lady
22095	The lady then brushes the horse and cleans the hooves on the horse on the right .	what does the lady then brush ?	horse
22095	The lady then brushes the horse and cleans the hooves on the horse on the right .	what does the lady then clean on the horse on the right ?	hooves
22096	The lady then sprays a product in the mane and comes it .	who then sprays the product in the mane and comes it ?	lady
22096	The lady then sprays a product in the mane and comes it .	what did the lady then spray in the mane ?	product
22097	The lady moves to the front of the horse and brushes his mane .	who moves to the front of the horse and brushes his mane ?	lady
22098	the lady brushes the left side of the horse and cleans his hooves .	who brushes the left side of the horse and cleans his hooves ?	lady
22098	the lady brushes the left side of the horse and cleans his hooves .	what does the lady clean ?	hooves
22099	The lady then brushes the tail and the horse and the lady leave .	who then brushes the tail and the horse and the lady leave ?	lady
22101	They switch and a different man then walks the slackline who flips off the slackline .	who do they switch and then walks the slackline who flips off the slackline ?	man
22102	The men switch again and the first man is on the slackline .	who do the men switch again and is on the slackline ?	man
22103	The man fall off the slackline onto his butt .	who fall off the slackline onto his butt ?	man
22104	The second man bounces and flips off .	who bounces and flips off ?	man
22105	The first man bounces and flips off .	who bounces and flips off ?	man
22108	A women sets up her keys , writes on a board , and leads into her grooming and petting the dogs .	who sets up her keys , writes on a board , and leads into her grooming and petting the dogs ?	women
22108	A women sets up her keys , writes on a board , and leads into her grooming and petting the dogs .	what does the women set up ?	keys
22109	Several clips are shown of the woman grooming the animals from various views and the animals shown afterwards .	what are shown of the woman grooming the animals from various views and the animals shown afterwards ?	clips
22110	A girl wearing glasses is seen speaking to the camera that leads into her taking them off and holding them to her camera .	who is wearing glasses is seen speaking to the camera that leads into her taking them off and holding them to her camera ?	girl
22110	A girl wearing glasses is seen speaking to the camera that leads into her taking them off and holding them to her camera .	the girl wearing what is seen speaking to the camera that leads into her taking them off and holding them to her camera ?	glasses
22112	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
22116	The man reaches the other side and turns around .	who reaches the other side and turns around ?	man
22118	Several shots are shown of a celebrity walking the red carpet as well as a woman hosting a news segment and pictures being shown beside her .	what is the color of the carpet ?	red
22119	More pictures are shown as well as the celebrity skiing and snowboarding and ends with men escorting the celebrity into a building and more pictures as the woman speaks .	what are shown as well as the celebrity skiing and snowboarding and ends with men escorting the celebrity into a building and more pictures as the woman speaks ?	pictures
22125	A woman helps a little boy kick a ball during a kickball game .	who helps the little boy kick a ball during a kickball game ?	woman
22126	Each time the ball reaches base , another kid has a turn to kick .	what does each time reach base , another kid has a turn to kick ?	ball
22126	Each time the ball reaches base , another kid has a turn to kick .	what does each time the ball reach , another kid has a turn to kick ?	base
22127	A man runs with a pole and a jumps high , then people jumps several times .	who runs with the pole and a jumps high , then people jumps several times ?	man
22128	Two men are boxing , then people gather , men parachute and a man dive in the water .	how many men are boxing ?	two
22131	Two men run on a track while a large crowd of spectators and press watch .	how many men run on the track while a large crowd of spectators and press watch ?	two
22134	the other man runs past the sand pit .	who runs past the sand pit ?	man
22135	The man that jumped steps out of the sand pit and walks to the side .	who steps out of the sand pit and walks to the side ?	man
22138	He gets off of his horse and brings the bull down and starts walking back to his horse .	he brings what down and starts walking back to his horse ?	bull
22141	Two men sit at a table together and read from a document .	how many men sit at the table together and read from a document ?	two
22142	The two men play a game of rock paper scissors .	how many men play the game of rock paper scissors ?	two
22143	There 's a little girl washing dishes and spoons in the kitchen sink .	who does there 's washing dishes and spoons in the kitchen sink ?	girl
22147	A man is playing a game of shuffleboard .	who is playing the game of shuffleboard ?	man
22148	A man falls down onto the shuffleboard .	who falls down onto the shuffleboard ?	man
22149	A disc is dropped onto the ground .	what is dropped onto the ground ?	disc
22150	A girl talks stand on the sidewalk , then she walks to a hopscotch .	who stand on the sidewalk , then she walks to a hopscotch ?	talks
22151	The girl stands on the hopscotch , then she jumps hopscotch while talking .	who stands on the hopscotch , then she jumps hopscotch while talking ?	girl
22152	A man gives tips on outdoor physical training .	who gives tips on outdoor physical training ?	man
22156	A woman is seen holding a drink on stage speaking into a mic as well as the audience .	who is seen holding the drink on stage speaking into a mic as well as the audience ?	woman
22157	The woman continues speaking and looking around the audience while taking sips of her drink and putting it down .	who continues speaking and looking around the audience while taking sips of her drink and putting it down ?	woman
22158	Finally she picks up a guitar and grabs a pic from the front and steps away .	what does finally she pick up ?	guitar
22161	A man is seen sitting in front of a woman who begins playing a piano .	who is seen sitting in front of a woman who begins playing a piano ?	man
22162	Another man is seen sitting next to her playing an accordion .	who is seen sitting next to her playing an accordion ?	man
22164	A man is sitting behind three drums .	who is sitting behind three drums ?	man
22168	One man performs an impressive flip that leads to a man speaking to the camera and showing more shots of impressive dodgeball play .	who performs an impressive flip that leads to a man speaking to the camera and showing more shots of impressive dodgeball play ?	man
22168	One man performs an impressive flip that leads to a man speaking to the camera and showing more shots of impressive dodgeball play .	how many man performs an impressive flip that leads to a man speaking to the camera and showing more shots of impressive dodgeball play ?	one
22169	A male athlete puts powder on his hands .	who puts powder on his hands ?	athlete
22170	He mounts a high beam in the gym .	where does he mount a high beam . ?	gym
22174	A man is running down a track .	who is running down the track ?	man
22175	He jumps onto a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
22176	He jumps over a high bar and lands on the blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
22177	A woman brushes and dries her hair .	who brushes and dries her hair ?	woman
22178	The woman puts the blow dryer down and brushes her hair again .	who puts the blow dryer down and brushes her hair again ?	woman
22178	The woman puts the blow dryer down and brushes her hair again .	what does the woman put blow down ?	dryer
22179	A child smiles at the camera .	who smiles at the camera ?	child
22180	The child practices field hockey with obstacles on the ground .	who practices field hockey with obstacles on the ground ?	child
22181	The child walks away from the camera .	who walks away from the camera ?	child
22182	We see two men in a TV studio talking .	how many men do we see in a tv studio talking ?	two
22184	A man in black is running with his arms in the air .	what is the color of the man ?	black
22187	The yellow team all hug each other .	what is the color of the team ?	yellow
22189	A man is outside with two dogs on leashes .	who is outside with two dogs on leashes ?	man
22191	He throws frisbees , and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs .	what does he throw , and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs ?	frisbees
22192	A man stands over a roof of a house and puts a took on the roof .	who stands over the roof of a house and puts a took on the roof ?	man
22193	Then , the man holds the handle of a tool with one hand .	who does then , hold the handle of a tool with one hand ?	man
22194	The man holds the handle with two hands , then he continues holding the tool with one hand .	who holds the handle with two hands , then he continues holding the tool with one hand ?	man
22197	A woman is seen hosting a news segment and leads into shots of people playing soccer and audience members watching .	who is seen hosting the news segment and leads into shots of people playing soccer and audience members watching ?	woman
22204	A woman demonstrates , on a toy baby , how to swaddle a baby and wash a baby 's face using cotton balls and wet towels .	who demonstrates , on the toy baby , how to swaddle a baby and wash a baby 's face using cotton balls and wet towels ?	woman
22205	A woman stands in front of a toy baby and talks to the camera .	who stands in front of a toy baby and talks to the camera ?	woman
22206	The woman finishes and talks to the camera again .	who finishes and talks to the camera again ?	woman
22207	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and begins unboxing an item .	who is seen speaking to the camera and begins unboxing an item ?	woman
22208	She pulls out the panels as well as putting sunglasses on and presents a pan of objects to the camera .	what does she pull out ?	panels
22208	She pulls out the panels as well as putting sunglasses on and presents a pan of objects to the camera .	she putting what on and presents a pan of objects to the camera ?	sunglasses
22210	The cookies are seen again on a tray and she breaks them open to see .	what are seen again on the tray and she breaks them open to see ?	cookies
22211	A little boy is bending over dipping a paint brush into a blue bucket .	who is bending over dipping the paint brush into a blue bucket ?	boy
22211	A little boy is bending over dipping a paint brush into a blue bucket .	what is the color of the bucket ?	blue
22212	He paints the fence in front of him .	what did he paint in front of him ?	fence
22214	Two girls are seen moving quickly around the room while switching places and looking into a camera .	who are seen moving quickly around the room while switching places and looking into a camera ?	girls
22214	Two girls are seen moving quickly around the room while switching places and looking into a camera .	how many girls are seen moving quickly around the room while switching places and looking into a camera ?	two
22215	The younger girl laughs to the camera while putting on makeup and the other moves around quick .	who laughs to the camera while putting on makeup and the other moves around quick ?	girl
22216	A young girl is seen speaking to the camera while sitting at a table and leads into her holding up a contacts case .	who is seen speaking to the camera while sitting at a table and leads into her holding up a contacts case ?	girl
22218	A woman is rollerskating across a street with people crossing behind her .	who is rollerskating across the street with people crossing behind her ?	woman
22220	A woman in a grey sweater talks to the camera on the sidewalk .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
22221	A man in a black hat talks to the camera in front of a blue building .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
22221	A man in a black hat talks to the camera in front of a blue building .	what is the color of the building ?	blue
22222	A man in a black shirt is sitting down and talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
22223	It goes back to the man in a black hat talking .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
22224	It goes back to the man in the black shirt talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
22225	The girl is bent over on roller blades pulling something out of a bench .	who is bent over on roller blades pulling something out of a bench ?	girl
22227	A woman in a brown hat is talking .	what is the color of the hat ?	brown
22229	The girl does more tricks on her roller blades .	who does more tricks on her roller blades ?	girl
22231	Three kids are sitting on a bench in roller skates talking .	who are sitting on the bench in roller skates talking ?	kids
22231	Three kids are sitting on a bench in roller skates talking .	how many kids are sitting on the bench in roller skates talking ?	three
22233	An older woman is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	woman
22235	baby kid is dancing in the top of a table wearing a white diaper in the kitchen and a woman is filming it .	who is dancing in the top of a table wearing a white diaper in the kitchen and a woman is filming it ?	kid
22235	baby kid is dancing in the top of a table wearing a white diaper in the kitchen and a woman is filming it .	who is baby kid dancing in the top of a table and is filming it ?	woman
22235	baby kid is dancing in the top of a table wearing a white diaper in the kitchen and a woman is filming it .	what is the color of the diaper ?	white
22235	baby kid is dancing in the top of a table wearing a white diaper in the kitchen and a woman is filming it .	where is baby kid dancing in the top of a table wearing a white diaper and a woman is filming it . ?	kitchen
22236	A woman is standing behind a table .	who is standing behind the table ?	woman
22237	She opens a white bin and pours water and soap into it .	what does she open ?	bin
22237	She opens a white bin and pours water and soap into it .	what is the color of the bin ?	white
22239	She hangs the clothes from a wood rack to dry .	what does she hang from a wood rack ?	clothes
22243	A man walks up to a set of parallel bars .	who walks up to the set of parallel bars ?	man
22244	The man performs acrobatics on the bars in a professional venue .	who performs acrobatics on the bars in a professional venue ?	man
22245	The man successfully jumps of the bars and lands on his feet .	who successfully jumps of the bars and lands on his feet ?	man
22246	The man in white shirt is strumming the bongo drum .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
22247	At the counter the man is sitting behind the counter .	who is at the counter sitting behind the counter ?	man
22248	The man playing bongo hit one drum then the next , then he beat the drums fast .	what hit one drum then the next , then he beat the drums fast ?	bongo
22248	The man playing bongo hit one drum then the next , then he beat the drums fast .	what did the man playing bongo hit , then he beat fast ?	drums
22249	A man is positioning a camera and then walks into a room through a wall of glass with three walls in them .	who is positioning the camera and then walks into a room through a wall of glass with three walls in them ?	man
22249	A man is positioning a camera and then walks into a room through a wall of glass with three walls in them .	what is the man positioning ?	camera
22250	When he enters the room , another man appears with a racket in his hand and they begin hitting the ball up against the wall .	who does , appear with the racket in his hand and they begin hitting the ball up against the wall ?	man
22253	man is in the beach doing tricks with a little kid and people in the studio is talking about the video .	who is in the beach doing tricks with a little kid and people in the studio is talking about the video ?	man
22253	man is in the beach doing tricks with a little kid and people in the studio is talking about the video .	where is man in the beach doing tricks with a little kid and people is talking about the video . ?	studio
22255	People are shown interacting in a dance hall .	where are people shown interacting . ?	hall
22256	A woman smokes and exhales black smoke .	what is the color of the smoke ?	black
22257	A man approaches a table and places food on it .	who approaches the table and places food on it ?	man
22258	Two children eat under the table .	who eat under the table ?	children
22258	Two children eat under the table .	how many children eat under the table ?	two
22259	Two individuals dancing together kiss .	how many individuals is dancing together kiss ?	two
22260	The woman smokes and the black smoke disappears .	what is the color of the smoke ?	black
22262	The camera pans around to more people with drinks in their hands .	what pans around to more people with drinks in their hands ?	camera
22263	A ma looks down at his lap with the drink still in front of him .	who looks down at his lap with the drink still in front of him ?	ma
22264	A large green field is shown as two teams begin rushing towards a ball hitting it with a stick that has a net at the end of it .	how many teams is the large green field shown as begin rushing towards a ball hitting it with a stick that has a net at the end of it ?	two
22264	A large green field is shown as two teams begin rushing towards a ball hitting it with a stick that has a net at the end of it .	what is the color of the field ?	green
22268	The camera zooms in on a baby cow with various title pages shown across the screen .	what zooms in on the baby cow with various title pages shown across the screen ?	camera
22269	A group of men run around a calf while others hold him down .	what do the group of men run around ?	calf
22270	A drunk man attempts to interact with a bull and is flipped into the air .	who attempts to interact with the bull and is flipped into the air ?	man
22272	The bull nearly grabs him but the boy makes it on the fence and throws the red blanket on the bull .	what nearly grabs him but the boy makes it on the fence and throws the red blanket on the bull ?	bull
22272	The bull nearly grabs him but the boy makes it on the fence and throws the red blanket on the bull .	who does the bull nearly grab him but makes it on the fence and throws the red blanket on the bull ?	boy
22272	The bull nearly grabs him but the boy makes it on the fence and throws the red blanket on the bull .	what does the bull nearly grab him but the boy makes it on the fence and throws on the bull ?	blanket
22272	The bull nearly grabs him but the boy makes it on the fence and throws the red blanket on the bull .	what is the color of the blanket ?	red
22274	A woman uses a cup to pour water on the dog to remove the soap .	who uses the cup to pour water on the dog to remove the soap ?	woman
22274	A woman uses a cup to pour water on the dog to remove the soap .	what does the woman use ?	cup
22275	A field is shown with about ten men standing in the middle and a man takes off running and throws a ball at a man holding a paddle .	who is the field shown with about ten men standing in the middle and takes off running and throws a ball at a man holding a paddle ?	man
22275	A field is shown with about ten men standing in the middle and a man takes off running and throws a ball at a man holding a paddle .	what is the field shown with about ten men standing in the middle and a man takes off and throws at a man holding a paddle ?	ball
22277	A man with short black hair is then shown and his teammates begin congratulating him and more teams are shown playing the game .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
22278	man is holding a hammer fixing the roof of a garage .	who is holding the hammer fixing the roof of a garage ?	man
22278	man is holding a hammer fixing the roof of a garage .	what is man holding fixing the roof of a garage ?	hammer
22279	man is standing in the rooftop adding a black mix .	who is standing in the rooftop adding a black mix ?	man
22279	man is standing in the rooftop adding a black mix .	what is the color of the mix ?	black
22280	man is sitting on a table eating a sandwich in a rstaurant talking to other man .	who is sitting on the table eating a sandwich in a rstaurant talking to other man ?	man
22281	man is watching the man while eats and talking to him .	who is watching the man while eats and talking to him ?	man
22281	man is watching the man while eats and talking to him .	who is man watching and talking to him ?	man
22282	both men stands and play rock paper scissors and man hits the man sand this falls to the floor .	who do both men play rock paper scissors and man hits ?	sand
22283	man is sitting on the chair and talks to the man on thefloor and throw him the sandwich .	who is sitting on the chair and talks to the man on thefloor and throw him the sandwich ?	man
22284	man walks to a desk and sits in front of te computer drinking water and the other man is laying on the floor trying to talk .	who walks to the desk and sits in front of te computer drinking water and the other man is laying on the floor trying to talk ?	man
22284	man walks to a desk and sits in front of te computer drinking water and the other man is laying on the floor trying to talk .	man walks to a desk and sits in front of te computer drinking water and who is laying on the floor trying to talk ?	man
22285	anoher man siting in front talk to the man in the desk .	who is siting in front talk to the man in the desk ?	man
22286	man stands and talk to the man on the floor and hits him again and the man spit blood .	who stands and talk to the man on the floor and hits him again and the man spit blood ?	man
22286	man stands and talk to the man on the floor and hits him again and the man spit blood .	man stands and talk to the man on the floor and hits him again and who spit blood ?	man
22287	Two vacuums appear in a gray room .	how many vacuums appear in the gray room ?	two
22287	Two vacuums appear in a gray room .	what is the color of the room ?	gray
22287	Two vacuums appear in a gray room .	where do two vacuums appear . ?	room
22289	A lady vacuums her house then empties the vacuum .	who vacuums her house then empties the vacuum ?	lady
22290	The lady puts the vacuum in a closet .	who puts the vacuum in a closet ?	lady
22290	The lady puts the vacuum in a closet .	where does the lady put the vacuum . ?	closet
22292	Three Dyson fans swivel toward the camera .	how many dyson fans swivel toward the camera ?	three
22293	A man in a silver jacket is fixing a spoke on the tire of his bicycle .	what is the man in a silver jacket fixing on the tire of his bicycle ?	spoke
22296	He uses a tool to fix the spoke of the tire .	what does he use ?	tool
22297	He puts the tire back on the bike and spins it .	what does he put back on the bike ?	tire
22299	The boys yell to one another with their hands up and continue walking around the gym .	who yell to one another with their hands up and continue walking around the gym ?	boys
22301	The man is shown in several clips running down and scoring a basket .	who is shown in several clips running down and scoring a basket ?	man
22302	The man continues to shoot hoops over and over again .	who continues to shoot hoops over and over again ?	man
22303	A boy sits at a kitchen counter and adjusts the camera .	who sits at the kitchen counter and adjusts the camera ?	boy
22303	A boy sits at a kitchen counter and adjusts the camera .	what does the boy adjust ?	camera
22304	His friend moves the camera back so they are more visible .	who moves the camera back so they are more visible ?	friend
22305	The two boys then arm wrestle and the left boy wins both times .	who then arm wrestle and the left boy wins both times ?	boys
22305	The two boys then arm wrestle and the left boy wins both times .	how many boys then arm wrestle and the left boy wins both times ?	two
22306	The right boy walks away and the left boy reaches for the camera .	who walks away and the left boy reaches for the camera ?	boy
22306	The right boy walks away and the left boy reaches for the camera .	who does the right boy walk away and reaches for the camera ?	boy
22307	Two women are seen running around a room and leads into one speaking to the camera .	who are seen running around the room and leads into one speaking to the camera ?	women
22307	Two women are seen running around a room and leads into one speaking to the camera .	how many women are seen running around the room and leads into one speaking to the camera ?	two
22308	The people hit a tennis ball around the room while dancing and cheering with one another .	what did the people hit around the room while dancing and cheering with one another ?	ball
22311	A man wearing protective clothing and a metal welding hat stands in front of a piece of metal missing a long strip on the face of it .	who is wearing protective clothing and a metal welding hat stands in front of a piece of metal missing a long strip on the face of it ?	man
22312	The man begins to weld creating large sparks of white light .	who begins to weld creating large sparks of white light ?	man
22312	The man begins to weld creating large sparks of white light .	what is the color of the light ?	white
22314	A woman rides a bike outside .	who rides the bike outside ?	woman
22314	A woman rides a bike outside .	what does the woman rid outside ?	bicycle
22316	She then roller blades outside .	what does she then roller outside ?	blades
22319	A man runs fast and jumps high to land on the sand , then stand and goes skiping to his sit , while people walk in the stadium .	who runs fast and jumps high to land on the sand , then stand and goes skiping to his sit , while people walk in the stadium ?	man
22319	A man runs fast and jumps high to land on the sand , then stand and goes skiping to his sit , while people walk in the stadium .	where does the man go skiping to his sit , while people walk . ?	stadium
22320	A man talks sitting in an elegant room .	who talks sitting in an elegant room ?	man
22320	A man talks sitting in an elegant room .	where does the man talk sitting . ?	room
22322	Three athletes stand on the podium , then a man runs and jumps to land on the sand .	who stand on the podium , then a man runs and jumps to land on the sand ?	athletes
22322	Three athletes stand on the podium , then a man runs and jumps to land on the sand .	who do three athletes stand on the podium , then runs and jumps to land on the sand ?	man
22322	Three athletes stand on the podium , then a man runs and jumps to land on the sand .	how many athletes stand on the podium ?	three
22325	A boy lays a towel out onto the sand of the beach .	who lays the towel out onto the sand of the beach ?	boy
22325	A boy lays a towel out onto the sand of the beach .	what does the boy lay out onto the sand of the beach ?	towel
22327	A man wearing a black shirt holds an exercise ball over another man wearing a light blue shirt performs sit-ups on an inclined bench .	who is wearing a black shirt holds an exercise ball over another man wearing a light blue shirt performs sit-ups on an inclined bench ?	man
22327	A man wearing a black shirt holds an exercise ball over another man wearing a light blue shirt performs sit-ups on an inclined bench .	the man wearing what holds an exercise ball over another man wearing a light blue shirt performs sit-ups on an inclined bench ?	shirt
22327	A man wearing a black shirt holds an exercise ball over another man wearing a light blue shirt performs sit-ups on an inclined bench .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
22327	A man wearing a black shirt holds an exercise ball over another man wearing a light blue shirt performs sit-ups on an inclined bench .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
22328	The man wearing the black shirt drops the ball on the floor and crouches down and high fives the man performing the sit-ups .	who is wearing the black shirt drops the ball on the floor and crouches down and high fives the man performing the sit-ups ?	man
22328	The man wearing the black shirt drops the ball on the floor and crouches down and high fives the man performing the sit-ups .	the man wearing what drops the ball on the floor and crouches down and high fives the man performing the sit-ups ?	shirt
22328	The man wearing the black shirt drops the ball on the floor and crouches down and high fives the man performing the sit-ups .	who is the man wearing the black shirt drops the ball on the floor and crouches down and high fives performing the sit-ups ?	man
22328	The man wearing the black shirt drops the ball on the floor and crouches down and high fives the man performing the sit-ups .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
22329	A man is sitting on a rock by a fast flowing river .	who is sitting on the rock by a fast flowing river ?	man
22330	Another man sails past him in a raft trying to keep up with the strong current and waves .	who sails past him in a raft trying to keep up with the strong current and waves ?	man
22333	A camera pans out of chocolate chip cookies and milk and leads into a woman speaking .	what pans out of chocolate chip cookies and milk and leads into a woman speaking ?	camera
22334	The woman mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan .	who mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan ?	woman
22334	The woman mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan .	what does the woman mix together in a bowl ?	ingredients
22334	The woman mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan .	where does the woman mix various ingredients together . ?	bowl
22335	She puts the pan in the oven then takes it out to show off her chocolate ship cookies .	where does she put the pan then takes it out to show off her chocolate ship cookies . ?	oven
22336	A camera pans up to a man sitting and smoking a cigarette .	what pans up to the man sitting and smoking a cigarette ?	camera
22337	Another man walks over with a cart and begins digging through trash .	who walks over with the cart and begins digging through trash ?	man
22338	The man smoking cigarettes begins talking to the homeless man about how life sucks and how he can relate to the homeless man .	what does smoking begin talking to the homeless man about how life sucks and how he can relate to the homeless man ?	cigarettes
22343	The camera pans around the area and zooms back and fourth along the water and pans to people on the beach .	what pans around the area and zooms back and fourth along the water and pans to people on the beach ?	camera
22347	A girl demonstrates several gymnastic and tumbler moves in a living room and on a green lawn with a line of residential houses as a backdrop .	who demonstrates several gymnastic and tumbler moves in a living room and on a green lawn with a line of residential houses as a backdrop ?	girl
22347	A girl demonstrates several gymnastic and tumbler moves in a living room and on a green lawn with a line of residential houses as a backdrop .	what is the color of the lawn ?	green
22348	A girl demonstrates a somersault move in the living room in front of two couches .	who demonstrates the somersault move in the living room in front of two couches ?	girl
22349	The girl then demonstrates more advanced backflip gymnastic moves in a field of grass with houses in a residential neighborhood as the backdrop .	who then demonstrates more advanced backflip gymnastic moves in a field of grass with houses in a residential neighborhood as the backdrop ?	girl
22350	A girl is warming up and stretching and grabs 2 large ropes .	who is warming up and stretching and grabs 2 large ropes ?	girl
22350	A girl is warming up and stretching and grabs 2 large ropes .	what is the girl warming up and stretching and grabs ?	ropes
22350	A girl is warming up and stretching and grabs 2 large ropes .	how many large ropes is the girl warming up and stretching and grabs ?	two
22351	Two women are holding each rope and the girl tries to pull both ropes at once .	who are holding each rope and the girl tries to pull both ropes at once ?	women
22351	Two women are holding each rope and the girl tries to pull both ropes at once .	what are two women holding and the girl tries to pull both ropes at once ?	rope
22351	Two women are holding each rope and the girl tries to pull both ropes at once .	who are two women holding each rope and tries to pull both ropes at once ?	girl
22351	Two women are holding each rope and the girl tries to pull both ropes at once .	how many women are holding each rope ?	two
22353	The young boy serve the shuttlecock but it hit the net .	who serve the shuttlecock but it hit the net ?	boy
22353	The young boy serve the shuttlecock but it hit the net .	what do the young boy serve but it hit the net ?	shuttlecock
22353	The young boy serve the shuttlecock but it hit the net .	what do the young boy serve the shuttlecock but it hit ?	net
22354	The older man serve the ball and the kid missed it .	who serve the ball and the kid missed it ?	man
22355	An older woman in gray shirt serve the ball and the girl in red hit it .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
22356	A man is skateboarding , he jumps up on higher levels .	who is skateboarding , he jumps up on higher levels ?	man
22361	The man then begins to hit a ball .	who then begins to hit the ball ?	man
22362	The man hits the ball in slow motion .	who hits the ball in slow motion ?	man
22363	A person makes spaghetti from scratch using flour , eggs , a blender and a pasta press .	what does the person make from scratch using flour , eggs , a blender and a pasta press ?	spaghetti
22364	A hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer .	what does the hand mix in a bowl ?	flour
22364	A hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer .	what does the hand add ?	eggs
22364	A hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer .	what does the hand mix with a mixer ?	ingredients
22364	A hand mixes flour in a bowl , adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer .	where does the hand mix flour . ?	bowl
22365	The hands then take the resulting ball of dough and kneads it , covers it in saran wrap and cuts it in pieces before rolling it flat with a rolling pin .	where does the hands then cover it . ?	wrap
22366	The screen is black and we see a ballerina dance across the stage spilling feathers .	what is black and we see a ballerina dance across the stage spilling feathers ?	screen
22366	The screen is black and we see a ballerina dance across the stage spilling feathers .	who is the screen black and we see across the stage spilling feathers ?	dance
22372	A woman in a green shirt is singing while doing the dishes in her kitchen sink .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
22373	She continues to wash the spoons and forks with a blue scrub and soap as she sings in a high pitch and tone .	what is the color of the scrub ?	blue
22374	She continues to wash a large knife and then places the wet utensils on a drying rack .	she then places what on a drying rack ?	utensils
22377	A young man drinks six bottles of beer while a person stand on front him holding a chronometer .	who drinks six bottles of beer while a person stand on front him holding a chronometer ?	man
22377	A young man drinks six bottles of beer while a person stand on front him holding a chronometer .	how many bottles does the young man drink of beer while a person stand on front him holding a chronometer ?	six
22378	Then , the young man spits beer on the person who fall on the ground .	who does then , spit beer on the person who fall on the ground ?	man
22378	Then , the young man spits beer on the person who fall on the ground .	what does then , the young man spit on the person who fall on the ground ?	beer
22384	She holds a jump rope and turns the jump rope in front of her .	what does she hold ?	rope
22384	She holds a jump rope and turns the jump rope in front of her .	what does she turn in front of her ?	rope
22386	She turns the jump rope once more and catches it with her feet .	what does she turn once more ?	rope
22388	She turns the jump rope and completes a full jump .	what does she turn ?	rope
22393	A black male majorette begins walking through the drum line with his baton .	who begins walking through the drum line with his baton ?	majorette
22393	A black male majorette begins walking through the drum line with his baton .	what is the color of the majorette ?	black
22396	A woman dressed in a pink tank top and gray tights is demonstrating spinning in a fitness gym .	who dressed in a pink tank top and gray tights is demonstrating spinning in a fitness gym ?	woman
22396	A woman dressed in a pink tank top and gray tights is demonstrating spinning in a fitness gym .	what is the color of the tights ?	gray
22397	She shows the various exercises using the bicycle .	she shows the various exercises using what ?	bicycle
22400	As the conversation ensues another woman approaches the woman and takes away her water bottle .	as the conversation ensues who approaches the woman and takes away her water bottle ?	woman
22400	As the conversation ensues another woman approaches the woman and takes away her water bottle .	who does as the conversation ensues another woman approach ?	woman
22401	Afterwards the man starts to play the bongos and woman starts to dance .	who does afterwards start to play the bongos and woman starts to dance ?	man
22403	In the end while the woman stops dancing and starts to clap and the man playing the bongos stops playing and does a final clap .	in the end while the woman stops dancing and starts to clap and the man playing what stops playing and does a final clap ?	bongos
22404	We see a man performing Capoiera in a plaza .	who do we see performing capoiera in a plaza ?	man
22405	The man is joined by a second man and the practice together .	who is joined by the second man and the practice together ?	man
22406	The first man leaves and another man jumps in .	who leaves and another man jumps in ?	man
22406	The first man leaves and another man jumps in .	who does the first man leave and jumps in ?	man
22407	The two men finish and shake hands and hug .	how many men finish and shake hands and hug ?	two
22409	A young boy pushes a vacuum cleaner in the kitchen of a home .	who pushes the vacuum cleaner in the kitchen of a home ?	boy
22411	The boy pushes the vacuum cleaner into the hallway and vacuums the area .	who pushes the vacuum cleaner into the hallway and vacuums the area ?	boy
22412	A man explains and shows how to do snow surfboard hillside turn .	who explains and shows how to do snow surfboard hillside turn ?	man
22413	Then , the man performs toeside using a snow skateboard .	who does then , perform toeside using a snow skateboard ?	man
22413	Then , the man performs toeside using a snow skateboard .	then , the man performs toeside using what ?	skateboard
22414	The man continues explaining and performs a turn .	who continues explaining and performs the turn ?	man
22416	A woman is standing and talking in a kitchen .	who is standing and talking in the kitchen ?	woman
22416	A woman is standing and talking in a kitchen .	where is the woman standing and talking . ?	kitchen
22417	She is using a small vacuum cleaner .	what is she using ?	cleaner
22419	woman serve the bread in a blue dish and slice in two .	who serve the bread in a blue dish and slice in two ?	woman
22419	woman serve the bread in a blue dish and slice in two .	what is the color of the dish ?	blue
22419	woman serve the bread in a blue dish and slice in two .	where do woman serve the bread . ?	dish
22420	A man is seen standing before a fire holding up an ax and begins cutting a piece of wood .	who is seen standing before the fire holding up an ax and begins cutting a piece of wood ?	man
22421	Another man holds up the pieces of wood as the man continues to cut the wood and the other man moving the wood .	who holds up the pieces of wood as the man continues to cut the wood and the other man moving the wood ?	man
22422	A person in white runs towards first base playing kickball .	what is the color of the runs ?	white
22423	The man is tagged out by a woman wearing red .	who is tagged out by the woman wearing red ?	man
22425	the man paints a lady 's nails in a dining room .	who paints the lady 's nails in a dining room ?	man
22425	the man paints a lady 's nails in a dining room .	who did the man paint nails in a dining room ?	lady
22425	the man paints a lady 's nails in a dining room .	where did the man paint a lady 's nails . ?	room
22426	The lady shows us her finger nails .	who shows us her finger nails ?	lady
22427	The man drinks from his cup .	who drinks from his cup ?	man
22428	The man leans back and laughs .	who leans back and laughs ?	man
22429	we see a ending credit screen .	what do we see ?	screen
22430	An athletic man is seen holding a discuss and begins spinning himself around in slow motion .	who is seen holding the discuss and begins spinning himself around in slow motion ?	man
22431	The man then throws the object off into the distance and slow walks back while moving in slow motion .	who then throws the object off into the distance and slow walks back while moving in slow motion ?	man
22432	A lawn mower is tied to a white rope .	what is tied to the white rope ?	mower
22432	A lawn mower is tied to a white rope .	what is the color of the rope ?	white
22437	The team gets in the pool .	where does the team get . ?	pool
22438	Two teams play water polo against each other .	how many teams play water polo against each other ?	two
22441	Girls run onto the field and shake hands with the other team .	who run onto the field and shake hands with the other team ?	girls
22446	The game is over and the girls all shake hands .	who is the game over and all shake hands ?	girls
22447	Two men are in a pool putting on diving gear .	how many men are in the pool putting on diving gear ?	two
22452	A baby girl is sitting next to all of her toys eating an ice cream very messily .	who is sitting next to all of her toys eating an ice cream very messily ?	girl
22453	Her mom takes the ice cream away from her and she starts to cry .	who takes the ice cream away from her and she starts to cry ?	mom
22454	Her mom gives her back the ice cream and she is happy again , back to eating it .	who gives her back the ice cream and she is happy again , back to eating it ?	mom
22460	We see the black closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
22460	We see the black closing screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
22461	A man wearing a black baseball hat and a black shirt is playing an acoustic guitar .	who is wearing a black baseball hat and a black shirt is playing an acoustic guitar ?	man
22461	A man wearing a black baseball hat and a black shirt is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the man wearing a black baseball hat and a black shirt is playing ?	guitar
22461	A man wearing a black baseball hat and a black shirt is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
22461	A man wearing a black baseball hat and a black shirt is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
22464	A group of people transport a boat on their heads .	what do the group of people transport on their heads ?	boat
22466	Then , people in a boat raft down the choppy waters of a river while paddling .	where does then , people raft down the choppy waters of a river while paddling . ?	boat
22467	People in two boats meet and start to throw water each other using the oars , then some rafters jump into the water .	people in two boats meet and start , then what jump into the water ?	rafters
22469	A small girl is standing behind a man in a bathroom who is standing at a sink .	who is standing behind the man in a bathroom who is standing at a sink ?	girl
22470	The man turns around , grabs the towel and begins drying himself while the girl is still standing on the ground , and then puts the towel back when he 's done .	who turns around , grabs the towel and begins drying himself while the girl is still standing on the ground , and then puts the towel back when he 's done ?	man
22470	The man turns around , grabs the towel and begins drying himself while the girl is still standing on the ground , and then puts the towel back when he 's done .	what does the man grab ?	towel
22471	The man then picks up the small girl and begins to wash her face off and while the little girl brushes her teeth as she 's getting her face cleaned .	who then picks up the small girl and begins to wash her face off and while the little girl brushes her teeth as she 's getting her face cleaned ?	man
22471	The man then picks up the small girl and begins to wash her face off and while the little girl brushes her teeth as she 's getting her face cleaned .	who does the man then pick up and while the little girl brushes her teeth as she 's getting her face cleaned ?	girl
22472	A man is talking in front of two large windows .	who is talking in front of two large windows ?	man
22473	Two men are kneeling down on the ground .	how many men are kneeling down on the ground ?	two
22474	The man is back to talking in front of the windows .	who is back to talking in front of the windows ?	man
22475	Two men are sitting on a train talking .	how many men are sitting on the train talking ?	two
22476	A man in a black coat is walking down the street .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
22477	He is holding a white paper in his hand and writing on it .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
22481	A man in an orange vest puts him into the boat .	what is the color of the vest ?	orange
22481	A man in an orange vest puts him into the boat .	where does the man put him into the boat . ?	vest
22482	A man holding a camera is standing on the sidewalk and watches another man trip and fall and runs over to help him .	who is holding a camera is standing on the sidewalk and watches another man trip and fall and runs over to help him ?	man
22482	A man holding a camera is standing on the sidewalk and watches another man trip and fall and runs over to help him .	the man holding what is standing on the sidewalk and watches another man trip and fall and runs over to help him ?	camera
22482	A man holding a camera is standing on the sidewalk and watches another man trip and fall and runs over to help him .	who is the man holding a camera is standing on the sidewalk and watches and fall and runs over to help him ?	trip
22483	A man is shown in the water , wearing a helmet , holding a paddle and sitting in a kayak .	who is shown in the water , wearing a helmet , holding a paddle and sitting in a kayak ?	man
22483	A man is shown in the water , wearing a helmet , holding a paddle and sitting in a kayak .	where is the man shown in the water , wearing a helmet , holding a paddle and sitting . ?	kayak
22485	He shows several rocking and paddling motions , and flips the kayak once at the end .	what does he flip once at the end ?	kayak
22487	The girls chase the ball , hitting it with sticks , trying to get it into the goal .	who chase the ball , hitting it with sticks , trying to get it into the goal ?	girls
22487	The girls chase the ball , hitting it with sticks , trying to get it into the goal .	what did the girls chase , ?	ball
22488	A man cleans a spot in the kitchen sink with a sponge and bottle of clorox cleaner , in a black and white commercial .	who cleans the spot in the kitchen sink with a sponge and bottle of clorox cleaner , in a black and white commercial ?	man
22490	A man in an apron stands in front of a kitchen sink putting dishes away in a drainer .	where does the man stand in front of a kitchen sink putting dishes away in a drainer . ?	apron
22491	The man cleans a spot in the sink with a bottle of clorox and a sponge , before a marketing template appears with lettering and closeup of the bottle of clorox .	who cleans the spot in the sink with a bottle of clorox and a sponge , before a marketing template appears with lettering and closeup of the bottle of clorox ?	man
22492	A woman holds the wheel of the yacht that sails in the ocean , and a dolphin swims near the yacht .	who holds the wheel of the yacht that sails in the ocean , and a dolphin swims near the yacht ?	woman
22494	Four people start to dance in the yacht , and one boy dance against the sail .	how many people start to dance in the yacht , and one boy dance against the sail ?	four
22495	The four people holds a big fish with both hands while the yacht continues to sail .	what does the four people hold with both hands ?	fish
22495	The four people holds a big fish with both hands while the yacht continues to sail .	how many people holds the big fish with both hands while the yacht continues to sail ?	four
22496	A woman dressed very comfortably is doing an exercise down on one knee .	who dressed very comfortably is doing an exercise down on one knee ?	woman
22503	A girl performs on a balance beam .	who performs on the balance beam ?	girl
22504	The girl stands and performs two flips .	who stands and performs two flips ?	girl
22504	The girl stands and performs two flips .	how many flips does the girl stand and performs ?	two
22505	The girl jumps in the air two times .	who jumps in the air two times ?	girl
22506	The girl sits down then gets back on her feet .	who then gets back on her feet ?	girl
22507	The girl flips across the beam two times and dismounts the beam .	who flips across the beam two times and dismounts the beam ?	girl
22508	The girl raises her arms and turns to high five and hug a lady standing nearby .	who raises her arms and turns to high five and hug a lady standing nearby ?	girl
22510	The person stirs the ingredients all around and pours the mixture into a glass with ice to serve .	what does the person stir all around ?	ingredients
22511	A young man dry a pot lid while dancing .	who dry the pot lid while dancing ?	man
22511	A young man dry a pot lid while dancing .	what do the young man dry while dancing ?	lid
22512	Also , a teen wash a cup of steel and dancing .	who do also , wash the cup of steel and dancing ?	teen
22513	A woman enters and then leave the kitchen .	who enters and then leave the kitchen ?	woman
22513	A woman enters and then leave the kitchen .	the woman then leave what ?	kitchen
22514	A young man sits on a a planter in front of a brick building .	who sits on the a planter in front of a brick building ?	man
22515	A graphic is seen with cartoons .	what is seen with cartoons ?	graphic
22516	The young man sits on a planter with a skateboard on his lap the young man spins his board and does skateboard tricks riding on asphalt .	who sits on the planter with a skateboard on his lap the young man spins his board and does skateboard tricks riding on asphalt ?	man
22517	The young man does tricks over an orange safety cone .	who does tricks over an orange safety cone ?	man
22517	The young man does tricks over an orange safety cone .	what is the color of the cone ?	orange
22518	The skateboarder stands up from the ledge and stands on his skateboard .	who stands up from the ledge and stands on his skateboard ?	skateboarder
22519	A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing on a beach next to a shovel .	who is seen speaking to the camera while standing on a beach next to a shovel ?	man
22520	The man then begins shoveling a pile of dirt and walking to the water to fill up buckets .	who then begins shoveling the pile of dirt and walking to the water to fill up buckets ?	man
22521	The man stacks the buckets and begins putting sand around it and sculpting it into a castle .	who stacks the buckets and begins putting sand around it and sculpting it into a castle ?	man
22521	The man stacks the buckets and begins putting sand around it and sculpting it into a castle .	what does the man stack ?	buckets
22522	He walks away in the end and shows off the castle he 's made .	what does he show off ?	castle
22526	A young child is pushed on a swing set of an outdoor playground at a park .	who is pushed on the swing set of an outdoor playground at a park ?	child
22527	The child reaches out her hand .	who reaches out her hand ?	child
22528	Three people are seen standing on a lawn beginning to perform martial arts moves .	how many people are seen standing on the lawn beginning to perform martial arts moves ?	three
22533	Several tubes are on a rope going up a hill .	what are on the rope going up a hill ?	tubes
22536	A man carry a child , a woman applaud and a man takes pictures .	who carry the child , a woman applaud and a man takes pictures ?	man
22536	A man carry a child , a woman applaud and a man takes pictures .	who do the man carry , a woman applaud and a man takes pictures ?	child
22536	A man carry a child , a woman applaud and a man takes pictures .	who do the man carry a child , applaud and a man takes pictures ?	woman
22536	A man carry a child , a woman applaud and a man takes pictures .	who do the man carry a child , a woman applaud and takes pictures ?	man
22537	A toddler stands on the hay and grabs the leg of a woman .	who stands on the hay and grabs the leg of a woman ?	toddler
22538	Then , men push the motorcycles with the children while a man takes notes .	what do then , men push with the children ?	motorcycles
22543	A man is seated on a couch , playing a harmonica .	who is seated on the couch , playing a harmonica ?	man
22545	A man in a black shirt is talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
22546	Several people are kneeling down on a red mat doing stretches .	what is the color of the mat ?	red
22547	A girl is kneeling on a pad , arms in the air .	who is kneeling on the pad , arms in the air ?	girl
22551	The man then lays down more tile while hammering the sides and presenting the tiles to the camera .	who then lays down more tile while hammering the sides and presenting the tiles to the camera ?	man
22552	Two men are seen running around a circle surrounded by people and performing martial arts moves .	how many men are seen running around the circle surrounded by people and performing martial arts moves ?	two
22554	A camera pans around a group of people standing around each other with one spinning in circles .	what pans around the group of people standing around each other with one spinning in circles ?	camera
22555	A man pushing the spinning girl around and around and zooms in on a pinata .	who is pushing the spinning girl around and around and zooms in on a pinata ?	man
22555	A man pushing the spinning girl around and around and zooms in on a pinata .	who is the man pushing around and around and zooms in on a pinata ?	girl
22557	The girl breaks open the pinata and several people run down to grab the candy .	who open the pinata and several people run down to grab the candy ?	breaks
22558	A woman is painting a picture on a canvas .	who is painting the picture on a canvas ?	woman
22560	She paints two flowers onto the canvas .	what did she paint onto the canvas ?	flowers
22560	She paints two flowers onto the canvas .	how many flowers did she paint onto the canvas ?	two
22562	The girl talks about equipment and how to use it .	who talks about equipment and how to use it ?	girl
22563	She prepares the equipment and helps the man perform the exercise .	what does she prepare ?	equipment
22565	boys are doing tricks riding skateboards in the wet asphalt going down a hill .	who are doing tricks riding skateboards in the wet asphalt going down a hill ?	boys
22565	boys are doing tricks riding skateboards in the wet asphalt going down a hill .	boys are doing tricks riding what in the wet asphalt going down a hill ?	skateboards
22566	boys are gathered under a tent in the sidewalk and doing tricks in skateboard showing the wey asphalt and the wet grass .	who are gathered under the tent in the sidewalk and doing tricks in skateboard showing the wey asphalt and the wet grass ?	boys
22567	A girl in a bikini is doing hula hoop on a patio .	what is the girl in a bikini doing on a patio ?	hoop
22569	The came moves up and down to keep her in the frame .	where did the come moves up and down to keep her . ?	frame
22571	Another girls is shown dancing inside of a house several times .	who is shown dancing inside of a house several times ?	girls
22572	man is sitting on akayak holding a row and showing the corect way of rowing .	who is sitting on akayak holding a row and showing the corect way of rowing ?	man
22576	A woman is shown working out on an elliptical and smiling off into the distance .	who is shown working out on an elliptical and smiling off into the distance ?	woman
22577	The video shows several different perks the machine can do while the woman continues to work .	what does the video show ?	perks
22579	We see a lady walking down stairs .	who do we see walking down stairs ?	lady
22580	She enters a room with kids in it , takes off her coat and starts dancing .	what does she enter with kids in it ?	room
22581	A man enters and the lady and man perform a fancy dance as the kids watch .	who enters and the lady and man perform a fancy dance as the kids watch ?	man
22582	The man throws his coat across the room .	who throws his coat across the room ?	man
22582	The man throws his coat across the room .	what does the man throw across the room ?	coat
22583	The lady hugs the man from behind .	who hugs the man from behind ?	lady
22583	The lady hugs the man from behind .	who did the lady hug from behind ?	man
22584	The lady tries to leave and the man grabs her and pulls her back .	who tries to leave and the man grabs her and pulls her back ?	lady
22584	The lady tries to leave and the man grabs her and pulls her back .	who does the lady try and grabs her and pulls her back ?	man
22585	They finish and the man shakes the hands of the kids .	who do they finish and shakes the hands of the kids ?	man
22586	The lady puts on her coat as a girl talks to her and leaves the room .	who puts on her coat as a girl talks to her and leaves the room ?	lady
22586	The lady puts on her coat as a girl talks to her and leaves the room .	what does the lady leave ?	room
22587	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding a piece of paper and two objects .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding a piece of paper and two objects ?	man
22590	A toddler holds a lacrosse stick , then he catches a ball with the lacrosse stick and throws to the floor .	who holds the lacrosse stick , then he catches a ball with the lacrosse stick and throws to the floor ?	toddler
22590	A toddler holds a lacrosse stick , then he catches a ball with the lacrosse stick and throws to the floor .	what does the toddler hold , then he catches a ball with the lacrosse stick and throws to the floor ?	stick
22590	A toddler holds a lacrosse stick , then he catches a ball with the lacrosse stick and throws to the floor .	what does the toddler hold a lacrosse stick , then he catches with the lacrosse stick and throws to the floor ?	ball
22591	Then , the toddler try to catch another ball , but it rolls under a chair .	who do then , try to catch another ball , but it rolls under a chair ?	toddler
22592	Next , the toddler catch a ball and throw to the floor and the ball bounce .	next , who catch the ball and throw to the floor and the ball bounce ?	toddler
22592	Next , the toddler catch a ball and throw to the floor and the ball bounce .	what do next , the toddler catch ?	ball
22593	After , the toddler catch the bouncing ball and throw to the backyard , then the toddler steps down a step .	who does , then step down the step ?	toddler
22595	The lady peels her second potato .	who peels her second potato ?	lady
22595	The lady peels her second potato .	what does the lady peel ?	potato
22596	The lady moves on to her third potatoes .	who moves on to her third potatoes ?	lady
22597	We zoom out and see the ladies face .	who do we see ?	face
22598	The lady peels her fourth and fifth potato .	who peels her fourth and fifth potato ?	lady
22598	The lady peels her fourth and fifth potato .	what does the lady peel ?	potato
22603	We see tall grass blowing in the breeze as the boaters ride past .	what do we see blowing in the breeze as the boaters ride past ?	grass
22604	The boaters arrives at the shore .	what arrives at the shore ?	boaters
22605	We then see the closing title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
22609	A close up of a person 's feet are seen riding along the river in a tube .	where are the close up of a person 's feet seen riding along the river . ?	tube
22612	A man is seen standing behind a small child who is blindfolded .	who is seen standing behind the small child who is blindfolded ?	man
22613	Several clips are then shown of people swinging around at pinatas and failing miserably .	what are then shown of people swinging around at pinatas and failing miserably ?	clips
22614	More clips are shown of people swinging around at pinatas and ends with them hitting other people .	what are shown of people swinging around at pinatas and ends with them hitting other people ?	clips
22615	bright sun is in the sky and shows a snowy mountain and a lot of pine trees covered in snow .	what is in the sky and shows a snowy mountain and a lot of pine trees covered in snow ?	sun
22616	an snowboarder is walking in the snow holding two poles .	who is walking in the snow holding two poles ?	snowboarder
22617	cubicles is hanging on wires and a snowboarder is going down the snowy slope with other snowboarders standing behind .	what is hanging on wires and a snowboarder is going down the snowy slope with other snowboarders standing behind ?	cubicles
22617	cubicles is hanging on wires and a snowboarder is going down the snowy slope with other snowboarders standing behind .	who is cubicles hanging on wires and is going down the snowy slope with other snowboarders standing behind ?	snowboarder
22618	men are walking in a snowy slope holding the poles and other snowboarders are sliding behind .	who are men walking in a snowy slope holding the poles and are sliding behind ?	snowboarders
22619	women are in a hanging chair and under the kids are going down slope riding snowboards and playing in a snow castle .	who are in the hanging chair and under the kids are going down slope riding snowboards and playing in a snow castle ?	women
22621	wmoan enters in a cave with a man and are serving wine and a elderly couple are toasting .	what are wmoan serving and a elderly couple are toasting ?	wine
22623	a man is celebrating with his arms in the air .	who is celebrating with his arms in the air ?	man
22625	He then throws the ball far away and it is measured .	what does he then throw far away and it is measured ?	ball
22626	A military procession carries a coffin and goes through a funeral ceremony .	what does the military procession carry ?	coffin
22629	A military man presents a flag to a guest .	who presents the flag to a guest ?	man
22629	A military man presents a flag to a guest .	what does the military man present to a guest ?	flag
22630	A man with a prosthetic leg and a woman ride horses with trainers with a trainer alongside .	what do the man with a prosthetic leg and a woman ride with trainers with a trainer alongside ?	horses
22631	A journalist rides with a man in football jersey along a sidewalk .	who rides with the man in football jersey along a sidewalk ?	journalist
22632	A horse trainer talks near a forested area .	who talks near the forested area ?	trainer
22634	There is man speaking on the microphone to announce who 's coming up .	who is there speaking on the microphone to announce who 's coming up ?	man
22638	A young girl is shown on a large gym floor doing flips and tricks with a baton and several judges watching her .	who is shown on the large gym floor doing flips and tricks with a baton and several judges watching her ?	girl
22641	A surfer wearing a wet suit takes off and rides a wave in the ocean .	who is wearing a wet suit takes off and rides a wave in the ocean ?	surfer
22641	A surfer wearing a wet suit takes off and rides a wave in the ocean .	the surfer wearing what takes off and rides a wave in the ocean ?	suit
22642	Two surfers is greeted by a seal in the ocean that jumps on his board and plays with them .	who is greeted by the seal in the ocean that jumps on his board and plays with them ?	surfers
22642	Two surfers is greeted by a seal in the ocean that jumps on his board and plays with them .	how many surfers is greeted by the seal in the ocean that jumps on his board and plays with them ?	two
22643	The surfer wearing a wet suit takes off on a wave leaving the seal behind .	who is wearing a wet suit takes off on a wave leaving the seal behind ?	surfer
22643	The surfer wearing a wet suit takes off on a wave leaving the seal behind .	the surfer wearing what takes off on a wave leaving the seal behind ?	suit
22644	A man is in a room , pointing and talking about tiles .	who is in the room , pointing and talking about tiles ?	man
22644	A man is in a room , pointing and talking about tiles .	where is the man , pointing and talking about tiles . ?	room
22645	He is placing the tiles into the wall one at a time .	what is he placing into the wall one at a time ?	tiles
22646	The man completes the construction , then turns off the camera .	who completes the construction , then turns off the camera ?	man
22646	The man completes the construction , then turns off the camera .	what does the man turn off ?	camera
22648	A seated woman talks to the camera , interspersed by scenes of individuals shown welding .	who talks to the camera , interspersed by scenes of individuals shown welding ?	woman
22649	A man talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	man
22651	A woman talks in kitchen , then come two boys and talk whiles showing the fruits on the counter .	the woman talks in kitchen , then come two boys and talk whiles showing what on the counter ?	fruits
22651	A woman talks in kitchen , then come two boys and talk whiles showing the fruits on the counter .	where do the woman talks , then come two boys and talk whiles showing the fruits on the counter . ?	kitchen
22652	Then , a man comes and puts all the fruits in a large bowl while explaining .	who does then , come and puts all the fruits in a large bowl while explaining ?	man
22653	After , the man adds on top the fruits yogurt , chocolate and cereal .	who does after , add on top the fruits yogurt , chocolate and cereal ?	man
22654	woman is standing next to a horse holding a brush combing the horse 's hair .	who is standing next to the horse holding a brush combing the horse 's hair ?	woman
22655	litle kid is caressing the horse .	who is caressing the horse ?	kid
22655	litle kid is caressing the horse .	what is litle kid caressing ?	horse
22656	woman walks to the track .	who walks to the track ?	woman
22657	A girl is seen crossing her arms and hula hooping over and over again .	who is seen crossing her arms and hula hooping over and over again ?	girl
22659	A man named Andrei approaches the stage .	who named andrei approaches the stage ?	man
22664	The other competitor rejoices at their win .	who rejoices at their win ?	competitor
22667	The hose begins forcefully blowing leaves away from the camera .	what begins forcefully blowing leaves away from the camera ?	hose
22668	The person holding the leaf blower repeatedly swings the hose left to ring blowing leaves into a pile .	the person holding what repeatedly swings the hose left to ring blowing leaves into a pile ?	blower
22669	The clear sky is shown before a group of girls appear playing a game of field hockey .	what is shown before the group of girls appear playing a game of field hockey ?	sky
22670	The two teams compete against each other in the building as still images are shown in between the plays .	how many teams compete against each other in the building as still images are shown in between the plays ?	two
22671	Two men are performaing capoeria in the middle of a circle of people .	how many men are performaing capoeria in the middle of a circle of people ?	two
22677	An art piece is displayed on the wall , and we are shown several close ups of the paint .	what is displayed on the wall , and we are shown several close ups of the paint ?	piece
22680	A man is showing a crossbow and a knife and other hunting gear .	who is showing the crossbow and a knife and other hunting gear ?	man
22681	The man is talking to the camera showing a hunting bow .	who is talking to the camera showing a hunting bow ?	man
22682	The bow is shown in detail .	what is shown in detail ?	bow
22683	Another man is shown outdoors using the hunting bow to shoot a target .	who is shown outdoors using the hunting bow to shoot a target ?	man
22684	The man is talking to the camera again indoors showing the hunting bow .	who is talking to the camera again indoors showing the hunting bow ?	man
22685	A man is on a diving board and begins to jump on the board once .	who is on the diving board and begins to jump on the board once ?	man
22686	The man goes into the air and does a forward roll in the air .	who goes into the air and does a forward roll in the air ?	man
22687	The man then starts descending into the water from the top of his jump .	who then starts descending into the water from the top of his jump ?	man
22688	The man lands into the water as it splashes and makes the move to come back to the surface .	who lands into the water as it splashes and makes the move to come back to the surface ?	man
22689	The woman with sunglasses , blue jacket pushed the round lifebuoy on the snow and jumped on it .	what did the woman with sunglasses , blue jacket push on the snow ?	round
22689	The woman with sunglasses , blue jacket pushed the round lifebuoy on the snow and jumped on it .	what is the color of the jacket ?	blue
22691	A guy talks while gesturing .	who talks while gesturing ?	guy
22693	The guy puts butter , oil and dry ingredients into a pan .	who puts butter , oil and dry ingredients into a pan ?	guy
22694	The guy adds pasta to the pan .	who adds pasta to the pan ?	guy
22694	The guy adds pasta to the pan .	what does the guy add to the pan ?	pasta
22697	Another man walks into frame hitting the ball and the other people behind him continue playing .	who walks into frame hitting the ball and the other people behind him continue playing ?	man
22698	A camera pans over a roof and shows several people working and a man being interviewed .	what pans over the roof and shows several people working and a man being interviewed ?	camera
22699	A man sprays down a roof and shows the product used several times and the top of the roof .	who sprays down the roof and shows the product used several times and the top of the roof ?	man
22700	Another man is interviewed and shows more men working on the roof .	who is interviewed and shows more men working on the roof ?	man
22701	A person puts a garment in a pail , then he adds detergent and water .	where does the person put a garment , then he adds detergent and water . ?	pail
22702	Then , the man washes the cloth with his hand , and then pours water and rinse several times .	then , who washes the cloth with his hand , and then pours water and rinse several times ?	man
22702	Then , the man washes the cloth with his hand , and then pours water and rinse several times .	what does then , the man wash with his hand ?	cloth
22704	A large river is seen followed by a person riding down in a tube .	what is seen followed by the person riding down in a tube ?	river
22705	Another person is also seen riding in a tube .	where is another person also seen riding . ?	tube
22707	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a large accordion in his hands .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a large accordion in his hands ?	man
22708	The man then demonstrates how to properly play the instrument while moving his hands up and down .	who then demonstrates how to properly play the instrument while moving his hands up and down ?	man
22709	A white haired man sits at an upright piano and begins to play in a lobby while people walk by .	who sits at an upright piano and begins to play in a lobby while people walk by ?	man
22709	A white haired man sits at an upright piano and begins to play in a lobby while people walk by .	what is the color of the man ?	white
22709	A white haired man sits at an upright piano and begins to play in a lobby while people walk by .	where does the white haired man begin to play while people walk by . ?	lobby
22710	The cameraman zooms in on the mans hands as he 's playing and zooms back out .	who zooms in on the mans hands as he 's playing and zooms back out ?	cameraman
22712	The camera follows him riding around the city and performing various tricks and maneuvers around cars and people .	what follows him riding around the city and performing various tricks and maneuvers around cars and people ?	camera
22713	Two men walked over the football table , one man counted the dice on the side .	how many men walked over the football table ?	two
22714	The players twist and push and pull the poles as they play on the table .	what do the players push and pull ?	poles
22715	The camera men are taking pictures behind them .	what are taking pictures behind them ?	men
22715	The camera men are taking pictures behind them .	what are the camera men taking behind them ?	pictures
22719	A man is using a pair of hedge trimmers on trees .	who is using the pair of hedge trimmers on trees ?	man
22721	He trims the trees with the shears .	what does he trim with the shears ?	trees
22723	The person cleans the hard floor using a dust mop .	what does the person clean using a dust mop ?	floor
22724	Then , the person puts a cup of detergent in a litter of water , then wet a cloth and attaches to a handle to mop the floor .	then , the person then wet what ?	cloth
22726	The person plays with a hand and feet , and the face of , a gorilla appears .	what does the person play with a hand and feet , and the face of , appears ?	gorilla
22729	Next , the person destroys the drums .	what does next , the person destroy ?	drums
22732	A woman is seen standing on a stage stage with a single light shown and begins performing a dance routine .	who is seen standing on the stage stage with a single light shown and begins performing a dance routine ?	woman
22734	The stage becomes dark again and the woman continues dancing all on the stage and holding a pose .	who does the stage become dark again and continues dancing all on the stage and holding a pose ?	woman
22735	A child shovels the snow in a yard and throws it into the driveway .	who shovels the snow in a yard and throws it into the driveway ?	child
22736	The girl drops her shovel and shovel in the snow .	who drops her shovel and shovel in the snow ?	girl
22737	The child walks over to her family in the yard .	who walks over to her family in the yard ?	child
22739	One man comes out of the gate and ropes a calf .	who comes out of the gate and ropes a calf ?	man
22739	One man comes out of the gate and ropes a calf .	how many man comes out of the gate and ropes a calf ?	one
22740	The calf falls to the ground as he is roped into place .	what falls to the ground as he is roped into place ?	calf
22741	He tries to stand , but another man grabs him .	who does he try , but grabs him ?	man
22742	a lot of people wearing red life jackets and are in a bus and holding rafts .	what does the lot of people wear ?	jackets
22742	a lot of people wearing red life jackets and are in a bus and holding rafts .	what is the color of the jackets ?	red
22744	The male athlete bow then raised his arms then walked to the poles .	what then raised his arms then walked to the poles ?	bow
22745	The athlete jumped onto the poles and balanced on the two poles , standing on his arms then falling and rotating .	who jumped onto the poles and balanced on the two poles , standing on his arms then falling and rotating ?	athlete
22748	The drummers hold their drumsticks in front of their face .	who hold their drumsticks in front of their face ?	drummers
22748	The drummers hold their drumsticks in front of their face .	what do the drummers hold in front of their face ?	drumsticks
22749	They each beat their drums .	what did they each beat ?	drums
22750	After each note the drummers raise their drumsticks back in front of their faces .	who do after each note raise their drumsticks back in front of their faces ?	drummers
22750	After each note the drummers raise their drumsticks back in front of their faces .	what do after each note the drummers raise back in front of their faces ?	drumsticks
22751	A man is seen standing on a ladder and speaking to the camera .	who is seen standing on the ladder and speaking to the camera ?	man
22752	He holds up various tools and begins piecing them together .	what does he hold up ?	tools
22753	He then cleans off a window using the tools and tightening up the ladder .	what does he then clean off using the tools and tightening up the ladder ?	window
22753	He then cleans off a window using the tools and tightening up the ladder .	he then cleans off a window using what and tightening up the ladder ?	tools
22753	He then cleans off a window using the tools and tightening up the ladder .	he then cleans off a window using the tools and tightening up what ?	ladder
22755	The raft completely overturns as he tries to make his way up .	what completely overturns as he tries to make his way up ?	raft
22756	Then the man straightens the raft and sits up straight in the raft .	then who straightens the raft and sits up straight in the raft ?	man
22756	Then the man straightens the raft and sits up straight in the raft .	what does then the man straighten ?	raft
22757	A man is seen riding in on a horse while swinging a rope and grabbing a calf .	who is seen riding in on the horse while swinging a rope and grabbing a calf ?	man
22758	The person ties up the calf while others ride in on horses and the men untie the animal .	what does the person tie up and the men untie the animal ?	calf
22759	A woman is holding a baby on the beach .	who is holding the baby on the beach ?	woman
22760	She sets the baby on a towel and starts rubbing sunscreen on the baby .	who does she set on a towel ?	baby
22761	She picks the baby up and gives it a kiss .	who does she pick up ?	baby
22762	A billboard is shown on a wall .	what is shown on the wall ?	billboard
22764	A banner is placed at the front of the stage .	what is placed at the front of the stage ?	banner
22765	The kids start cheerleading on the stage .	who start cheerleading on the stage ?	kids
22766	The kids in the front hold up the banner .	what do the kids in the front hold up ?	banner
22768	A baby boy is seated at a restaurant table .	who is seated at the restaurant table ?	boy
22769	He is eating a vanilla ice cream cone .	what is he eating ?	cone
22771	A little girl is guided as she mounts a camel at a station .	who is guided as she mounts a camel at a station ?	girl
22772	A man helps her as he leads the camel around .	who helps her as he leads the camel around ?	man
22773	The girl smiles as she rides the camel around the pen .	who smiles as she rides the camel around the pen ?	girl
22774	The young girl is speaking to the camera .	who is speaking to the camera ?	girl
22775	The girl is holding a hair curler .	who is holding the hair curler ?	girl
22775	The girl is holding a hair curler .	what is the girl holding ?	curler
22776	The young woman is providing tips to other girls on how to curl their hair .	who is providing tips to other girls on how to curl their hair ?	woman
22777	At the end of the video , the girl asks to like the video .	who does at the end of the video , ask to like the video ?	girl
22778	A camera shows a person riding around a dirt track on a bike moving at a quick speed .	what shows the person riding around a dirt track on a bike moving at a quick speed ?	camera
22778	A camera shows a person riding around a dirt track on a bike moving at a quick speed .	the camera shows a person riding around what on a bike moving at a quick speed ?	track
22780	A young man is seen talking to the camera from various angles and then using a razor to cut his hair .	who is seen talking to the camera from various angles and then using a razor to cut his hair ?	man
22783	Two people are boxing in a ring .	how many people are boxing in a ring ?	two
22784	A man in a black shirt is refereeing the fight .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
22785	A woman is holding a camera taking pictures of them fighting .	who is holding the camera taking pictures of them fighting ?	woman
22785	A woman is holding a camera taking pictures of them fighting .	what is the woman holding taking pictures of them fighting ?	camera
22788	There 's a woman talking about being the first woman to participate in a marathon in 1967 .	who does there 's talking about being the first woman to participate in a marathon in 1967 ?	woman
22794	A woman is standing at a table , putting food into a large pita on a plate .	who is standing at the table , putting food into a large pita on a plate ?	woman
22795	An older woman demonstrates how to cut onions , peppers , lettuce , carrots , tomatoes , etc into chunks .	who demonstrates how to cut onions , peppers , lettuce , carrots , tomatoes , etc into chunks ?	woman
22796	The vegetables are places in a processor and pureed into a bowl .	what are places in a processor and pureed into a bowl ?	vegetables
22797	The mix is blended and put on the table to be served on the tortillas .	what is blended and put on the table to be served on the tortillas ?	mix
22798	The women sit at the table and talk as they eat .	who sit at the table and talk as they eat ?	women
22802	We see a newscaster in a studio .	where do we see a newscaster . ?	studio
22803	We see a man operating 2 manual vacuum cleaners .	how many manual vacuum cleaners do we see a man operating ?	two
22805	We see a black and white TV clip .	what do we see ?	clip
22806	We see the man vacuum and still from the museum .	who do we see ?	vacuum
22807	We see a lady in black and white and in color .	who do we see in black and white and in color ?	lady
22809	We see the man talking and see him near a vacuum .	who do we see ?	talking
22812	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of her and another riding horses in a forest and beach .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of her and another riding horses in a forest and beach ?	woman
22813	The women then run the horses along the beach while the camera captures them from several angles .	who then run the horses along the beach while the camera captures them from several angles ?	women
22813	The women then run the horses along the beach while the camera captures them from several angles .	what do the women then run along the beach ?	horses
22814	Two men are seen doing a sumo move in a large circle surrounded by others .	how many men are seen doing the sumo move in a large circle surrounded by others ?	two
22815	One man pretends to fight a sumo wrestler and is pushed to the side very easily .	who pretends to fight the sumo wrestler and is pushed to the side very easily ?	man
22815	One man pretends to fight a sumo wrestler and is pushed to the side very easily .	how many man pretends to fight the sumo wrestler and is pushed to the side very easily ?	one
22816	The other man tries with his shot shown again in slow motion and stand all together with their arms up .	who tries with his shot shown again in slow motion and stand all together with their arms up ?	man
22817	A man and woman is standing on the counter while the man talks in the camera .	where is the man and woman standing on the counter while the man talks . ?	camera
22818	A child watches at a window while a man outdoors is shoveling snow .	who watches at the window while a man outdoors is shoveling snow ?	child
22822	We back up and see the tattoo artist .	who do we see ?	artist
22823	The lady looks in her phone and smiles at the camera .	who looks in her phone and smiles at the camera ?	lady
22824	We pan down and see the tattoo artist work .	who do we see ?	work
22828	A woman in a white shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
22831	Two men wearing blue are inside playing a game of ping ping .	how many men is wearing blue are inside playing a game of ping ping ?	two
22833	One of them hits the ball up and stops their progress , they have to start again .	what does one of them hit up , they have to start again ?	ball
22836	The camera pans out to more people and shows them performing an exercise that swings their legs back and fourth .	what pans out to more people and shows them performing an exercise that swings their legs back and fourth ?	camera
22838	A man is dressed in a black uniform and approaches a small circle that is in the middle of the field surrounded by green nets .	who is dressed in the black uniform and approaches a small circle that is in the middle of the field surrounded by green nets ?	man
22838	A man is dressed in a black uniform and approaches a small circle that is in the middle of the field surrounded by green nets .	what does the man approach ?	circle
22838	A man is dressed in a black uniform and approaches a small circle that is in the middle of the field surrounded by green nets .	what is the color of the uniform ?	black
22838	A man is dressed in a black uniform and approaches a small circle that is in the middle of the field surrounded by green nets .	what is the color of the nets ?	green
22839	The crowd is panned and then the man is shown throwing his discus as multiple people run out to track his distance .	who is the crowd panned and then is shown throwing his discus as multiple people run out to track his distance ?	man
22846	A close up of a person 's feet are shown sitting in a chair .	where are the close up of a person 's feet shown sitting . ?	chair
22849	A man is standing on a field .	who is standing on the field ?	man
22850	He kicks a ball into the air .	what does he kick into the air ?	ball
22852	A woman is standing behind a table with several pumpkin carving kits .	who is standing behind the table with several pumpkin carving kits ?	woman
22854	The woman chooses a design , carving it into the pumpkin .	who chooses the design , carving it into the pumpkin ?	woman
22856	We see a person sliding blue discs down a wooden table .	what is the color of the discs ?	blue
22857	The man moves to the other end of the table and the camera moves to see them from the end .	who moves to the other end of the table and the camera moves to see them from the end ?	man
22857	The man moves to the other end of the table and the camera moves to see them from the end .	what does the man move to the other end of the table and moves to see them from the end ?	camera
22858	We wee the person slide all their blue then the red discs down the table .	what is the color of the discs ?	red
22860	The person grabs a blue disc and slides it two times .	what does the person grab ?	disc
22860	The person grabs a blue disc and slides it two times .	how many times does the person slide it ?	two
22860	The person grabs a blue disc and slides it two times .	what is the color of the disc ?	blue
22863	After , he picks up the skateboard and moves a few feet back and starts skateboarding .	what does after , he pick up ?	skateboard
22864	Once done , he picks up the skateboard and holds it back down to his side .	what does once done , he pick up ?	skateboard
22865	A woman walks out of a kitchen and over to a steamer with her daughter behind her .	who walks out of the kitchen and over to a steamer with her daughter behind her ?	woman
22866	She irons the dress for the girl as she watches .	what did she iron for the girl ?	dress
22867	Three girls are seen standing on a cliff hitting a birdie to one another .	who are seen standing on the cliff hitting a birdie to one another ?	girls
22867	Three girls are seen standing on a cliff hitting a birdie to one another .	how many girls are seen standing on the cliff hitting a birdie to one another ?	three
22868	The camera pans around their movements as they hit the birdie around .	what pans around their movements as they hit the birdie around ?	camera
22869	The girls continue to hit the birdie around and showing off their butts in the end .	who continue to hit the birdie around and showing off their butts in the end ?	girls
22870	A woman knits and shows her work .	who knits and shows her work ?	woman
22872	A reporter talks in the room where the women knits .	who talks in the room where the women knits ?	reporter
22873	The man then gets off of his bucket and while on his two knees he puts his fingers in and out of the fishing hole and keeps talking .	who then gets off of his bucket and while on his two knees he puts his fingers in and out of the fishing hole and keeps talking ?	man
22874	A man talks to the camera smiling and transitions to him holding a pan and spreading butter into it .	who talks to the camera smiling and transitions to him holding a pan and spreading butter into it ?	man
22875	He pours egg into the pan and pushes it around with several vegetables .	what does he pour into the pan ?	egg
22877	An animated intro screen has a lot of little Christmas pictures moving on it and white words appear that say `` Decorating The Christmas Tree '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
22878	The same animation continues to play and the white words now appearing are `` With Me , My Sis , Mom & Chris '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
22879	In fast motion , there are people in a residential home and they are winding strings of white Christmas tree lights around a very full and grown tree .	what is the color of the lights ?	white
22881	The camera is picked up and the man is now attempting to put a white star on the top of the tree while children are hanging around and talking .	what is picked up and the man is now attempting to put a white star on the top of the tree while children are hanging around and talking ?	camera
22881	The camera is picked up and the man is now attempting to put a white star on the top of the tree while children are hanging around and talking .	who is the camera picked up and is now attempting to put a white star on the top of the tree while children are hanging around and talking ?	man
22881	The camera is picked up and the man is now attempting to put a white star on the top of the tree while children are hanging around and talking .	what is the color of the star ?	white
22882	The star is now on the tree , the camera is put back down , one of the girl hugs the tree .	what is now on the tree , the camera is put back down , one of the girl hugs the tree ?	star
22883	A man is standing inside a gym as he speaks to the camera .	who is standing inside the gym as he speaks to the camera ?	man
22884	He indicated a blue block on the ground before stepping over it and kneeling on top of it .	what did he indicate on the ground before stepping over it and kneeling on top of it ?	block
22884	He indicated a blue block on the ground before stepping over it and kneeling on top of it .	what is the color of the block ?	blue
22886	A man is talking behind a bar , standing in front of numerous alcohol bottles .	who is talking behind the bar , standing in front of numerous alcohol bottles ?	man
22888	He then garnishes the final product for serving .	what does he then garnish for serving ?	product
22889	Karate students play standing and hand held drums in a studio .	who play standing and hand held drums in a studio ?	students
22889	Karate students play standing and hand held drums in a studio .	where do karate students play standing and hand held drums . ?	studio
22890	Karate students jump over the top of a rope held by other students on a mat .	who jump over the top of a rope held by other students on a mat ?	students
22895	A woman is talking as she stands outside horse stables .	who is talking as she stands outside horse stables ?	woman
22899	A blonde woman is speaking in a news room in front of a large screen .	who is speaking in the news room in front of a large screen ?	woman
22900	Boats are seen pulling people on water skis .	what are seen pulling people on water skis ?	boats
22901	A man is shown preparing and then skiing through the water .	who is shown preparing and then skiing through the water ?	man
22905	A man is standing next to a pond .	who is standing next to the pond ?	man
22906	He loads an arrow in the bow .	where does he load an arrow . ?	bow
22908	A woman is seen walking into frame and speaking to the camera .	who is seen walking into frame and speaking to the camera ?	woman
22911	A young child is seen running around a back yard on a large set of stilts .	who is seen running around the back yard on a large set of stilts ?	child
22912	The boy continues bouncing around as the camera captures him as well as running .	who continues bouncing around as the camera captures him as well as running ?	boy
22915	They show many different clips from many different games , like a memoir of videos .	what do they show from many different games , like a memoir of videos ?	clips
22917	A young girl is seen speaking to the camera and looking off into the distance .	who is seen speaking to the camera and looking off into the distance ?	girl
22922	The women dance and jump , leading a zumba routine .	who dance and jump , leading the zumba routine ?	women
22926	A man starts chopping a piece of wood with an ax .	who starts chopping the piece of wood with an ax ?	man
22929	A woman is seen sitting in a chair knitting thread while the camera watches her .	who is seen sitting in the chair knitting thread while the camera watches her ?	woman
22930	The woman continues to knit while stopping to look at the camera and make faces .	who continues to knit while stopping to look at the camera and make faces ?	woman
22931	A hummer backs a boat down a ramp .	who backs the boat down a ramp ?	hummer
22931	A hummer backs a boat down a ramp .	what does the hummer back down a ramp ?	boat
22934	A woman is seated at the bottom of a slide .	who is seated at the bottom of a slide ?	woman
22935	She is adjusting her camera .	what is she adjusting ?	camera
22936	A child slides down the slide , running into her from behind .	who slides down the slide , running into her from behind ?	child
22937	A young child is seen climbing up a playground and then going down a slide .	who is seen climbing up the playground and then going down a slide ?	child
22940	A skier comes down a hill makes a jump over stones and falls and rolls on the snow .	who comes down the hill makes a jump over stones and falls and rolls on the snow ?	skier
22940	A skier comes down a hill makes a jump over stones and falls and rolls on the snow .	what does the skier come down ?	hill
22942	Also , skiers makes a flip from in the air while other people watch .	who does also , make the flip from in the air while other people watch ?	skiers
22943	We see a black screen and the title .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
22946	The boy loses his balance and fall off the pole entirely .	who loses his balance and fall off the pole entirely ?	boy
22946	The boy loses his balance and fall off the pole entirely .	what do the boy fall off entirely ?	pole
22947	A girl is next to hold onto the bar of the boat .	who is next to hold onto the bar of the boat ?	girl
22948	The girls looks at the camera before she looses her footing and falls off the bar .	who looks at the camera before she looses her footing and falls off the bar ?	girls
22949	Two men play squash on an indoor court .	how many men play squash on an indoor court ?	two
22950	The left man in the white shirt misses the ball and the start over .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
22951	We see the man in the gray shirt miss the ball land stands up and pumps his fist while looking disappointed .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
22952	A little girl is sitting on the porch floor with her dad as he puts together a blue butterfly kite for her .	who is sitting on the porch floor with her dad as he puts together a blue butterfly kite for her ?	girl
22952	A little girl is sitting on the porch floor with her dad as he puts together a blue butterfly kite for her .	what is the color of the kite ?	blue
22954	The father is holding the kite in his hand as the wind blows strongly .	who is holding the kite in his hand as the wind blows strongly ?	father
22955	The girl holds the string of the kite and begins flying the kite high up in the air .	who holds the string of the kite and begins flying the kite high up in the air ?	girl
22956	A chef explains how to cook an omelette with vegetables and spices , Then , the chef take a dish and serves the omelette with lettuce and lemon .	who explains how to cook an omelette with vegetables and spices , then , the chef take a dish and serves the omelette with lettuce and lemon ?	chef
22958	Another man sit in a table , stand and walk away .	who sit in the table , stand and walk away ?	man
22959	Another person enters the restaurant and turns left .	what does another person enter ?	restaurant
22960	A little boy is in a yard , using a leaf blower .	who is in the yard , using a leaf blower ?	boy
22961	A little girl soon joins him , raking leaves .	who soon joins him , raking leaves ?	girl
22962	A man is seen bent over washing his hands when another man walks out and speaks to him .	who is seen bent over washing his hands when another man walks out and speaks to him ?	man
22963	The other man then begins washing his hands with soap under the faucet while the other man watches .	who then begins washing his hands with soap under the faucet while the other man watches ?	man
22965	People are playing beer pong at a party .	what are people playing at a party ?	pong
22966	People are drinking drinks from the table .	what are people drinking from the table ?	drinks
22968	A man is seen throwing a dart onto a board and leads into a woman speaking .	who is seen throwing the dart onto a board and leads into a woman speaking ?	man
22969	The man throws several more darts while taking the time to speak to the woman .	who throws several more darts while taking the time to speak to the woman ?	man
22970	More people are shown throwing dart while the two continue to speak and the man points to the board .	who are more people shown and points to the board ?	man
22977	A man jumps off of the brown horse and he lassos the bull to the ground in the beginning .	who jumps off of the brown horse and he lassos the bull to the ground in the beginning ?	man
22977	A man jumps off of the brown horse and he lassos the bull to the ground in the beginning .	what does the man jump off of the brown horse and he lassos to the ground in the beginning ?	bull
22977	A man jumps off of the brown horse and he lassos the bull to the ground in the beginning .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
22978	Then he gets on another horse and he lassos a bull bigger than the last one to the ground .	what does then he get on another horse and he lassos than the last one to the ground ?	bull
22980	A cricket game is being played between two teams in front of a crowd of people .	what is being played between two teams in front of a crowd of people ?	game
22981	The first play is made and the commentators narrate the play .	who is the first play made and narrate the play ?	commentators
22983	The camera cuts to a man laughing at a mistake made in the play .	what cuts to the man laughing at a mistake made in the play ?	camera
22985	Many more clips are shown of people riding around on skateboards doing flips and tricks .	what are shown of people riding around on skateboards doing flips and tricks ?	clips
22986	elephant is walking in a small water well playing with a ball .	what is walking in the small water well playing with a ball ?	elephant
22987	woman is talking in the camera and the elephant is again in the water well playing with the ball .	who is talking in the camera and the elephant is again in the water well playing with the ball ?	woman
22987	woman is talking in the camera and the elephant is again in the water well playing with the ball .	what is woman talking in the camera and is again in the water well playing with the ball ?	elephant
22987	woman is talking in the camera and the elephant is again in the water well playing with the ball .	where is woman talking and the elephant is again in the water well playing with the ball . ?	camera
22988	little elephant is playing with a big blue ball .	what is playing with the big blue ball ?	elephant
22988	little elephant is playing with a big blue ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
22989	A girl is standing at a sink , washing dishes and playing in the water .	who is standing at the sink , washing dishes and playing in the water ?	girl
22989	A girl is standing at a sink , washing dishes and playing in the water .	what is the girl standing at a sink , washing and playing in the water ?	dishes
22992	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
22993	A man puts a pile of marshmallows in his mouth .	who puts the pile of marshmallows in his mouth ?	man
22994	A man make a campfire and tips flash on the screen .	who make the campfire and tips flash on the screen ?	man
22995	The man digs a hole put rocks around it and gather firewood .	who digs the hole put rocks around it and gather firewood ?	man
22997	The man lights the fire and adds a few more pieces of wood .	who lights the fire and adds a few more pieces of wood ?	man
22997	The man lights the fire and adds a few more pieces of wood .	what does the man add of wood ?	pieces
22998	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
22999	man is standing in front of a mirror holding a camera .	who is standing in front of a mirror holding a camera ?	man
23000	woman enters in the bathroom carying a white cat and the man kneels so the cat can stands on his back .	who enters in the bathroom carying a white cat and the man kneels so the cat can stands on his back ?	woman
23000	woman enters in the bathroom carying a white cat and the man kneels so the cat can stands on his back .	who does woman enter in the bathroom carying a white cat and kneels so the cat can stands on his back ?	man
23000	woman enters in the bathroom carying a white cat and the man kneels so the cat can stands on his back .	what is the color of the cat ?	white
23001	the woman leaves the bathroom and the man keeps recording himself making poses in front of the camera and talking to himself in the mirror .	who leaves the bathroom and the man keeps recording himself making poses in front of the camera and talking to himself in the mirror ?	woman
23001	the woman leaves the bathroom and the man keeps recording himself making poses in front of the camera and talking to himself in the mirror .	where does the woman leave the bathroom and the man keeps recording himself making poses in front of the camera and talking . ?	mirror
23002	the man enters in the bedroom and the woman is sitting in the bed holding the cat .	who enters in the bedroom and the woman is sitting in the bed holding the cat ?	man
23002	the man enters in the bedroom and the woman is sitting in the bed holding the cat .	who does the man enter in the bedroom and is sitting in the bed holding the cat ?	woman
23002	the man enters in the bedroom and the woman is sitting in the bed holding the cat .	where does the man enter and the woman is sitting in the bed holding the cat . ?	bedroom
23003	man is in the bathroom again holding a knife and the woman enters in the room with a back scarf around her head .	who is in the bathroom again holding a knife and the woman enters in the room with a back scarf around her head ?	man
23003	man is in the bathroom again holding a knife and the woman enters in the room with a back scarf around her head .	who is man in the bathroom again holding a knife and enters in the room with a back scarf around her head ?	woman
23004	they are driving the car and are parked in snowy parking lot .	what are they driving ?	car
23005	they eners in a restaurant and leaves and walks to the car again .	where does they eners . ?	restaurant
23006	A woman is seen pushing a puck along the ice with others followed by a man speaking to the camera .	who is seen pushing the puck along the ice with others followed by a man speaking to the camera ?	woman
23007	More clips are shown of people curling on the ice while the man continues to speak to the camera and the game is shown in slow motion .	what are shown of people curling on the ice while the man continues to speak to the camera and the game is shown in slow motion ?	clips
23008	woman is wearing a red shirt and is standing talking to the camera in a white room .	who is wearing the red shirt and is standing talking to the camera in a white room ?	woman
23008	woman is wearing a red shirt and is standing talking to the camera in a white room .	what is woman wearing ?	shirt
23008	woman is wearing a red shirt and is standing talking to the camera in a white room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
23008	woman is wearing a red shirt and is standing talking to the camera in a white room .	what is the color of the room ?	white
23009	woman start dancing salsa steps on a wooden court .	who start dancing salsa steps on a wooden court ?	woman
23010	the woman is doing samba steps shaking her body side to side .	who is doing samba steps shaking her body side to side ?	woman
23010	the woman is doing samba steps shaking her body side to side .	what is the woman doing ?	steps
23011	An intro shows off a hedge trimmer .	who does an intro show off ?	trimmer
23012	A woman beings to speak about the hedge trimmer .	who beings to speak about the hedge trimmer ?	woman
23013	The product is shown in action , trimming a bush .	what is shown in action , trimming a bush ?	product
23014	The woman shows off the blade , and charger .	who shows off the blade , and charger ?	woman
23016	The woman shows the comfort grip .	who shows the comfort grip ?	woman
23017	The woman talks about how to order the product .	who talks about how to order the product ?	woman
23021	Two straight attempts featuring a powerful spin result in the the discus flying far both times .	how many straight attempts is featuring a powerful spin result in the the discus flying far both times ?	two
23024	The next attempt occurs in front of a large green net , the discus is launched like a rocket and the thrower celebrates .	who does the next attempt occur in front of a large green net , the discus is launched like a rocket and celebrates ?	thrower
23024	The next attempt occurs in front of a large green net , the discus is launched like a rocket and the thrower celebrates .	what is the color of the net ?	green
23025	Another set of photos close the montage .	what do another set of photos close ?	montage
23026	A female athlete is in a field and she begins to throw a shot put .	who is in the field and she begins to throw a shot put ?	athlete
23027	The lady spins and spins in slow motion as words are shown at the top describing each phase needed to throw a shot put successfully .	who spins and spins in slow motion as words are shown at the top describing each phase needed to throw a shot put successfully ?	lady
23028	A Shih Tzu dog is standing on a table being groomed by an elderly Asian woman .	what is standing on the table being groomed by an elderly asian woman ?	dog
23029	Once she is done with the top , the lady the grabs the dog front left paw and takes a pair of scissors and begins trimming underneath his body .	what the dog front left paw and takes a pair of scissors and begins trimming underneath his body ?	grabs
23029	Once she is done with the top , the lady the grabs the dog front left paw and takes a pair of scissors and begins trimming underneath his body .	the grabs the dog front left what and takes a pair of scissors ?	paw
23032	We see a man slowly performing Tai Chi .	who do we see slowly performing tai chi ?	man
23033	A white banner streams across the bottom .	what streams across the bottom ?	banner
23033	A white banner streams across the bottom .	what is the color of the banner ?	white
23034	The man lifts his legs up in front of him then kicks out .	who lifts his legs up in front of him then kicks out ?	man
23035	The man stops and stands still .	who stops and stands still ?	man
23036	A woman is seen pulling a piece of exercise equipment while struggling to get it to move .	who is seen pulling the piece of exercise equipment while struggling to get it to move ?	woman
23039	The young man does various bouncing and balancing tricks on a tight rope a few feet above black mats .	who does various bouncing and balancing tricks on a tight rope a few feet above black mats ?	man
23039	The young man does various bouncing and balancing tricks on a tight rope a few feet above black mats .	what is the color of the mats ?	black
23040	The gets off the rope and walks on the mats off the floor and towards his group .	what does the get off ?	rope
23041	A woman is seen sitting in a chair while a man uses various tools to pierce her ear .	who is seen sitting in the chair while a man uses various tools to pierce her ear ?	woman
23041	A woman is seen sitting in a chair while a man uses various tools to pierce her ear .	where is the woman seen sitting while a man uses various tools to pierce her ear . ?	chair
23042	The man finishes the piercing and the girl begins to turn in the end .	who finishes the piercing and the girl begins to turn in the end ?	man
23043	man is standing in a court in front of kids and is walking showing how to score a basket .	who is standing in the court in front of kids and is walking showing how to score a basket ?	man
23044	man throw the ball with someone in the other side of the court and make a lay up and the kids behind him in the court do the same .	who throw the ball with someone in the other side of the court and make a lay up and the kids behind him in the court do the same ?	man
23044	man throw the ball with someone in the other side of the court and make a lay up and the kids behind him in the court do the same .	what do man throw with someone in the other side of the court and the kids behind him in the court do the same ?	ball
23045	the coach os hlping the girl to catch the ball and run .	who os hlping the girl to catch the ball and run ?	coach
23046	the kid make a throw and then score a basket adn the kids behind her keeps doing the same .	who make the throw and then score a basket adn the kids behind her keeps doing the same ?	kid
23046	the kid make a throw and then score a basket adn the kids behind her keeps doing the same .	the kid then score what ?	basket
23047	The sun rises over the hills .	what rises over the hills ?	sun
23050	The man climbs the board and surfs .	who climbs the board and surfs ?	man
23051	A man picks up a weight over his head and drops it on the ground .	who picks up the weight over his head and drops it on the ground ?	man
23052	A man picks up a bar and raises it several times .	who picks up the bar and raises it several times ?	man
23052	A man picks up a bar and raises it several times .	what does the man pick up ?	bar
23053	A man in a black shirt is standing next to him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
23054	Another man stands next to him and lifts a bar with him .	who stands next to him and lifts a bar with him ?	man
23054	Another man stands next to him and lifts a bar with him .	what does another man lift with him ?	bar
23055	A camera pans around a woman sitting in a chair smoking a cigarette .	what pans around the woman sitting in a chair smoking a cigarette ?	camera
23059	The two men are sitting in their make shift tent , fishing through a hole in the frozen lake .	how many men are sitting in their make shift tent , fishing through a hole in the frozen lake ?	two
23059	The two men are sitting in their make shift tent , fishing through a hole in the frozen lake .	where are the two men sitting , . ?	tent
23062	One of the men cleans the fish scales .	what does one of the men clean ?	scales
23063	Then they cut the fish into small pieces and clean them up outside their garage .	what did then they cut into small pieces ?	fish
23064	They sharpen the knife to slice the fish to prepare batter covered fried fish .	what do they sharpen ?	knife
23065	The entire family sits together on a large dinning table and enjoy a delicious fried fish meal .	what do the entire family enjoy ?	meal
23066	boys and girls are stading in a court practicing cheerleaders choreography and a woman is talking in a studio on news .	who are boys and girls stading in a court practicing cheerleaders choreography and is talking in a studio on news ?	woman
23068	A man is talking in front of a couple of graphs .	who is talking in front of a couple of graphs ?	man
23071	They hit the ball back and forth against the wall .	what did they hit back and forth against the wall ?	ball
23073	A ballerina is seen swirling in a room and leads into the woman speaking to the camera and performing several ballet moves .	who is seen swirling in the room and leads into the woman speaking to the camera and performing several ballet moves ?	ballerina
23073	A ballerina is seen swirling in a room and leads into the woman speaking to the camera and performing several ballet moves .	where is the ballerina seen swirling . ?	room
23078	The camera closes in on the pit and is seen placing logs around the side .	what closes in on the pit and is seen placing logs around the side ?	camera
23079	Two men are playing Foosball in a dark room .	how many men are playing foosball in a dark room ?	two
23079	Two men are playing Foosball in a dark room .	where are two men playing foosball . ?	room
23081	The man of the red team wins all four times .	how many times does the man of the red team win ?	four
23081	The man of the red team wins all four times .	what is the color of the team ?	red
23083	A person uses the toilet in a stall .	where does the person use the toilet . ?	stall
23084	The man leaves the bathroom without washing his hands .	who leaves the bathroom without washing his hands ?	man
23084	The man leaves the bathroom without washing his hands .	what does the man leave without washing his hands ?	bathroom
23085	The man eats from food dishes using his hands .	who eats from food dishes using his hands ?	man
23086	A woman plays with the dogs .	who plays with the dogs ?	woman
23089	A person washes their hands in a stainless steel sink .	where does the person wash their hands . ?	sink
23090	A messy kid is eating an ice cream cone .	who is eating an ice cream cone ?	kid
23090	A messy kid is eating an ice cream cone .	what is the messy kid eating ?	cone
23091	He bites the parents ice cream cone .	what does he bite ?	cone
23092	The parent adjusts the cone for the child .	who adjusts the cone for the child ?	parent
23093	The parent wipes ice cream from the child 's face .	who wipes ice cream from the child 's face ?	parent
23099	Children sunscreen safety is then talked about and how to properly protect your kids .	what is then talked about and how to properly protect your kids ?	safety
23101	A slide is shown to make us aware of when a sunburn is bad and needs medical attention .	what is shown to make us aware of when a sunburn is bad and needs medical attention ?	slide
23106	woman is showing her nails with a cute manicure and some polishes behind her hand .	who is showing her nails with a cute manicure and some polishes behind her hand ?	woman
23107	woman is holding a pink polish and start painting her nail .	who is holding the pink polish and start painting her nail ?	woman
23108	and with a little sponge and a little pin paint the nail with white blue and purple paint .	what is the color of the blue ?	white
23108	and with a little sponge and a little pin paint the nail with white blue and purple paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	purple
23110	woman cut a red paper and paint with frosty gray polish .	who cut the red paper and paint with frosty gray polish ?	woman
23110	woman cut a red paper and paint with frosty gray polish .	what is the color of the paper ?	red
23110	woman cut a red paper and paint with frosty gray polish .	what is the color of the polish ?	gray
23111	There is a hookah placed on a kitchen counter .	what is there placed on a kitchen counter ?	hookah
23112	A man wearing a black sleeveless shirt comes there and kneels down to begins smoking the hookah .	who is wearing a black sleeveless shirt comes there and kneels down to begins smoking the hookah ?	man
23112	A man wearing a black sleeveless shirt comes there and kneels down to begins smoking the hookah .	the man wearing what comes there and kneels down to begins smoking the hookah ?	shirt
23112	A man wearing a black sleeveless shirt comes there and kneels down to begins smoking the hookah .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
23117	She holds up a phone and speaks into the mirror .	what does she hold up ?	phone
23124	A man pours a liquid onto a table .	who pours the liquid onto a table ?	man
23126	He removes varnish from the top of the table .	what does he remove from the top of the table ?	varnish
23129	Wearing gloves , he applies a stain to the table .	what is wearing , he applies a stain to the table ?	gloves
23131	A man is holding a yellow iron sitting on top of a box .	who is holding the yellow iron sitting on top of a box ?	man
23131	A man is holding a yellow iron sitting on top of a box .	what is the color of the iron ?	yellow
23137	A pancake is shown with syrup being poured on it .	what is shown with syrup being poured on it ?	pancake
23138	Ingredients are placed in a bowl .	what are placed in the bowl ?	ingredients
23138	Ingredients are placed in a bowl .	where are ingredients placed . ?	bowl
23139	The man cracks an egg and whisks the ingredients in a bowl .	who cracks an egg and whisks the ingredients in a bowl ?	man
23139	The man cracks an egg and whisks the ingredients in a bowl .	what does the man crack ?	egg
23139	The man cracks an egg and whisks the ingredients in a bowl .	what does the man whisk in a bowl ?	ingredients
23139	The man cracks an egg and whisks the ingredients in a bowl .	where does the man whisk the ingredients . ?	bowl
23140	A ladle is shown next to the bowl .	what is shown next to the bowl ?	ladle
23141	The man ladles the pancake batter onto the griddle .	who ladles the pancake batter onto the griddle ?	man
23141	The man ladles the pancake batter onto the griddle .	who does the man ladle onto the griddle ?	batter
23142	The man flips the pancakes .	who flips the pancakes ?	man
23142	The man flips the pancakes .	what does the man flip ?	pancakes
23143	The pancake is placed on a plate and syrup is poured on it .	what is placed on the plate and syrup is poured on it ?	pancake
23143	The pancake is placed on a plate and syrup is poured on it .	what is the pancake placed on a plate and is poured on it ?	syrup
23144	The man is shown eating a piece of the pancake .	who is shown eating the piece of the pancake ?	man
23145	The man continues talking to the camera while holding a piece of pancake .	who continues talking to the camera while holding a piece of pancake ?	man
23148	Another young man throws a bowling ball .	who throws the bowling ball ?	man
23148	Another young man throws a bowling ball .	what does another young man throw ?	ball
23149	The first young man celebrates after a successful throw .	who celebrates after the successful throw ?	man
23150	A man mows the grass around a tree .	who mows the grass around a tree ?	man
23152	Then , the man continues cutting the grass around the tree .	who does then , continue cutting the grass around the tree ?	man
23153	man is standing in front of a gray car in a workshop changing a car wheel and talking to te camera .	who is standing in front of a gray car in a workshop changing a car wheel and talking to te camera ?	man
23153	man is standing in front of a gray car in a workshop changing a car wheel and talking to te camera .	what is the color of the car ?	gray
23154	man talking in front of the car and giving recomendations .	who talking in front of the car and giving recomendations ?	man
23156	A guy sits on the floor and speaks .	who sits on the floor and speaks ?	guy
23157	The guy lays down and does sit ups .	who lays down and does sit ups ?	guy
23158	The guy goes back to the sitting position .	who goes back to the sitting position ?	guy
23160	A female Caucasian is sitting in a chair spinning around showing off her long blonde hair style , it is pinned to the right and has curls in the bottom .	who is sitting in the chair spinning around showing off her long blonde hair style , it is pinned to the right and has curls in the bottom ?	caucasian
23161	On the next screen , a woman begins grabbing the bottom and rolling it from the bottom up to about three inches and seals it with a piece of foil .	on the next screen , who begins grabbing the bottom and rolling it from the bottom up to about three inches and seals it with a piece of foil ?	woman
23162	Once the hair is folded up in a the foil , the lady takes a flat iron and runs it over the foil .	, who takes the flat iron and runs it over the foil ?	lady
23162	Once the hair is folded up in a the foil , the lady takes a flat iron and runs it over the foil .	where is once the hair folded up , the lady takes a flat iron and runs it over the foil . ?	foil
23163	As the next scene comes , the lady is pictured with eight foiled curls in her head that are sealed with long hair pins .	who is , pictured with eight foiled curls in her head that are sealed with long hair pins ?	lady
23163	As the next scene comes , the lady is pictured with eight foiled curls in her head that are sealed with long hair pins .	what is , the lady pictured with eight foiled in her head that are sealed with long hair pins ?	curls
23166	a woman walks onto a blue lit stage .	who walks onto the blue lit stage ?	woman
23166	a woman walks onto a blue lit stage .	what is the color of the stage ?	blue
23168	She is spinning and twirling a baton while she performs before disappearing .	what is she spinning and twirling ?	baton
23169	A woman brushes her hair with her hand .	who brushes her hair with her hand ?	woman
23170	The woman combs her hair with a comb .	who combs her hair with a comb ?	woman
23173	men wearing black uniforms are standing behind the cheer team .	men wearing what are standing behind the cheer team ?	uniforms
23173	men wearing black uniforms are standing behind the cheer team .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	black
23174	A man talks in front of an office building .	who talks in front of an office building ?	man
23175	The man enters the building and walks up the staircase .	who enters the building and walks up the staircase ?	man
23175	The man enters the building and walks up the staircase .	what does the man enter ?	building
23175	The man enters the building and walks up the staircase .	what does the man walk up ?	staircase
23176	The man enters the gym room .	who enters the gym room ?	man
23176	The man enters the gym room .	what does the man enter ?	room
23177	People ride on stationary bikes and watch a television in the gym .	where do people watch a television . ?	gym
23179	The teacher demonstrates to polish a boot using a tissue .	who demonstrates to polish the boot using a tissue ?	teacher
23180	Then , a girl polish the shoe of a woman using a cloth .	who do then , polish the shoe of a woman using a cloth ?	girl
23182	After , people practice shoe polish in group .	what do after , people practice in group ?	polish
23184	A lady is cooking in a kitchen .	who is cooking in the kitchen ?	lady
23184	A lady is cooking in a kitchen .	where is the lady cooking . ?	kitchen
23185	The lady pours ingredients into a bowl and stirs .	who pours ingredients into a bowl and stirs ?	lady
23185	The lady pours ingredients into a bowl and stirs .	what does the lady pour into a bowl ?	ingredients
23186	The lady stirs an egg mixture and mixes it in with her original bow .	who stirs an egg mixture and mixes it in with her original bow ?	lady
23186	The lady stirs an egg mixture and mixes it in with her original bow .	what does the lady stir ?	mixture
23187	She puts it in a glass pan and puts the pan in the oven .	where does she put it . ?	pan
23188	We then see the finished product .	what do we then see ?	product
23189	A woman is standing in a kitchen .	who is standing in the kitchen ?	woman
23189	A woman is standing in a kitchen .	where is the woman standing . ?	kitchen
23190	She begins dancing in the kitchen .	where does she begin dancing . ?	kitchen
23192	People are working out in a gym .	where are people working out . ?	gym
23193	They are stepping up and down off of black step stools .	what is the color of the stools ?	black
23196	The woman continues raking while speaking to the camera back and fourth .	who continues raking while speaking to the camera back and fourth ?	woman
23198	A middle aged woman wearing a headpiece speaks to the camera while stiring with a spoon .	who is wearing a headpiece speaks to the camera while stiring with a spoon ?	woman
23198	A middle aged woman wearing a headpiece speaks to the camera while stiring with a spoon .	the middle aged woman wearing what speaks to the camera while stiring with a spoon ?	headpiece
23201	A boy sits in the water , his skis out in front of him , while he holds the handle of the rope between his legs .	who sits in the water , his skis out in front of him , while he holds the handle of the rope between his legs ?	boy
23203	Once again he is in the water , and the boat slowly picks up speed , pulling the young man upright until he is skiing full-speed behind the boat .	what is once again he in the water , and slowly picks up speed , pulling the young man upright until he is skiing full-speed behind the boat ?	boat
23204	A man comes up beside him , his arms outstretched as he holds a camera , and then a show of him with several other men in the boat .	who comes up beside him , his arms outstretched as he holds a camera , and then a show of him with several other men in the boat ?	man
23205	We soon see the man again in the water with his arm around the boy 's shoulders , the boy triumphant after his successful ride .	who do we soon see again in the water with his arm around the boy 's shoulders , the boy triumphant after his successful ride ?	man
23208	The people continuously hit the ball around the sandy field as the camera pans around them playing .	what did the people continuously hit around the sandy field ?	ball
23209	The camera pans around the group as they keep playing .	what pans around the group as they keep playing ?	camera
23210	A camera pans around the outside of a building and surrounding areas and leads into several shots of people riding bikes on a track .	what pans around the outside of a building and surrounding areas and leads into several shots of people riding bikes on a track ?	camera
23214	An older man in a yellow t-shirt stands by an opened garage and white car parked outside .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	yellow
23214	An older man in a yellow t-shirt stands by an opened garage and white car parked outside .	what is the color of the car ?	white
23215	The man pours water and solution into a bucket and wand sprayer tank .	who pours water and solution into a bucket and wand sprayer tank ?	man
23216	The man begins washing the Nissan Leaf car with the sprayer and wipes it down with a cloth .	who begins washing the nissan leaf car with the sprayer and wipes it down with a cloth ?	man
23218	A pair of men playing bagpipes enter the room before the bride makes her entrance with her father .	what do the pair of men playing bagpipes enter ?	room
23220	The man shakes hands with the groom , and we see the couple standing at the altar , facing each other .	who shakes hands with the groom , and we see the couple standing at the altar , facing each other ?	man
23221	A young man is water skiing and falls .	who is water skiing and falls ?	man
23223	You can see a man skiing from several different angles .	who can you see from several different angles ?	skiing
23225	The woman attempts to rake leaves , but then she falls and gets back up holding the rake and a man takes it from her .	who attempts to rake leaves , but then she falls and gets back up holding the rake and a man takes it from her ?	woman
23226	Then she walks away and comes back again and he rakes the leaves on top of her .	then she walks away and comes back again and he rakes what on top of her ?	leaves
23227	A man wearing a helmet and carrying a skateboard lays on a skateboard and goes down a bowling lane to knock over pins .	who wearing a helmet and carrying a skateboard lays on a skateboard and goes down a bowling lane to knock over pins ?	man
23227	A man wearing a helmet and carrying a skateboard lays on a skateboard and goes down a bowling lane to knock over pins .	the man wearing what and carrying a skateboard lays on a skateboard and goes down a bowling lane to knock over pins ?	helmet
23227	A man wearing a helmet and carrying a skateboard lays on a skateboard and goes down a bowling lane to knock over pins .	the man wearing a helmet and carrying what lays on a skateboard and goes down a bowling lane to knock over pins ?	skateboard
23227	A man wearing a helmet and carrying a skateboard lays on a skateboard and goes down a bowling lane to knock over pins .	the man wearing a helmet and carrying a skateboard lays on a skateboard and goes down bowling what ?	lane
23230	People throw bowling balls after the person .	what do people throw bowling after the person ?	balls
23231	Two men laugh watching the man .	how many men laugh watching the man ?	two
23233	Two people are seen doing various martial arts moves to one another while a crowd of people cheer and applaud .	how many people are seen doing various martial arts moves to one another while a crowd of people cheer and applaud ?	two
23235	A girl is smoking a cigarette .	who is smoking the cigarette ?	girl
23235	A girl is smoking a cigarette .	what is the girl smoking ?	cigarette
23237	A guy sits , gestures , and discusses .	who sits , gestures , and discusses ?	guy
23238	The guy gestures smoking a cigarette .	who are smoking a cigarette ?	gestures
23238	The guy gestures smoking a cigarette .	what is the guy gestures smoking ?	cigarette
23240	A little girl does an introduction for a video of herself playing the violin .	who does an introduction for a video of herself playing the violin ?	girl
23245	woman is in a room playing the violin .	who is in the room playing the violin ?	woman
23246	woman is showing how to play chords on wooden violin .	who is showing how to play chords on wooden violin ?	woman
23248	The cars crash into each other .	what crash into each other ?	cars
23249	The kid in the green car crashes into the wall .	what is the color of the car ?	green
23249	The kid in the green car crashes into the wall .	where does the kid crash into the wall . ?	car
23250	A woman wear curls shows how to wrap pieces of fabric on a roller .	who wear curls shows how to wrap pieces of fabric on a roller ?	woman
23251	The woman unrolls the curls from her hair .	who unrolls the curls from her hair ?	woman
23251	The woman unrolls the curls from her hair .	what does the woman unroll from her hair ?	curls
23252	The woman combs out her hair using her hands .	who combs out her hair using her hands ?	woman
23253	People are riding horses around an arena .	what are people riding around an arena ?	horses
23256	A man is doing gymnastics in a living room .	who is doing gymnastics in a living room ?	man
23256	A man is doing gymnastics in a living room .	where is the man doing gymnastics . ?	room
23258	The bars are made from pvc pipes .	what are made from pvc pipes ?	bars
23259	A cooker talks in a kitchen and shows the inside of a sharpener knife that has discs inside .	what talks in the kitchen and shows the inside of a sharpener knife that has discs inside ?	cooker
23259	A cooker talks in a kitchen and shows the inside of a sharpener knife that has discs inside .	where does the cooker talk . ?	kitchen
23260	Then , the man puts a knife in the sharpener knife to sharpen .	who does then , put the knife in the sharpener knife to sharpen ?	man
23261	After , the man wash and dry the knife .	who do after , wash and dry the knife ?	man
23261	After , the man wash and dry the knife .	what do after , the man wash and dry ?	knife
23262	A young boy playing a large drum game concentrates while the camera watches him play .	who is playing a large drum game concentrates while the camera watches him play ?	boy
23264	Another boy holding a drink walks into frame and watches the boy play the game .	who is holding a drink walks into frame and watches the boy play the game ?	boy
23264	Another boy holding a drink walks into frame and watches the boy play the game .	another boy holding what walks into frame and watches the boy play the game ?	drink
23267	Many men are in a building playing a group of ice hockey against each other .	where are many men playing a group of ice hockey . ?	building
23268	As they continue to play , the referee begins to skate back and forth on the side in circles .	who does , begin to skate back and forth on the side in circles ?	referee
23269	After several starts and finishes , the games keeps going and the goalie is successful in blocking the puck each and every time .	who does after several starts and finishes , the games keep and is successful in blocking the puck each and every time ?	goalie
23270	We see a baby spining in a room with adults watching .	who do we see spining in a room with adults watching ?	baby
23271	An adult dances with the baby .	who dances with the baby ?	adult
23272	Two adults hold the babies hands and dance .	who hold the babies hands and dance ?	adults
23272	Two adults hold the babies hands and dance .	how many adults hold the babies hands and dance ?	two
23273	The baby is twirled in a circle .	who is twirled in the circle ?	baby
23274	The baby is twirled again .	who is twirled again ?	baby
23275	The baby dances alone again .	who dances alone again ?	baby
23276	The baby picks up a toy dog and dances with it .	who picks up the toy dog and dances with it ?	baby
23276	The baby picks up a toy dog and dances with it .	what does the baby pick up ?	dog
23277	Kids are riding small dirt bikes around a track .	what are kids riding around a track ?	bicycles
23278	A kid falls over and people help them up .	who falls over and people help them up ?	kid
23279	A bunch of people are meeting in a raft shop .	where are the bunch of people meeting . ?	shop
23283	The people are white water rafting down a turbulent river , using their paddles in unison , going down small waterfalls together .	what is the color of the water ?	white
23285	A teen performs pommel horse spinning around , then jumps on the floor and goes to get power from a container .	who performs pommel horse spinning around , then jumps on the floor and goes to get power from a container ?	teen
23285	A teen performs pommel horse spinning around , then jumps on the floor and goes to get power from a container .	what does the teen perform spinning around ?	horse
23286	After , the teen gets again on the pommel horse and spins many times , while the jury observes .	after , who gets again on the pommel horse and spins many times , while the jury observes ?	teen
23288	Next , the teen stands on his hands and jumps to the mat .	who does next , stand on his hands and jumps to the mat ?	teen
23289	A woman wearing a wig is seen blindfolding another girl while others watch on the sides .	who is wearing a wig is seen blindfolding another girl while others watch on the sides ?	woman
23289	A woman wearing a wig is seen blindfolding another girl while others watch on the sides .	the woman wearing what is seen blindfolding another girl while others watch on the sides ?	wig
23290	Kids are playing on the bouncehouse and a woman spins around the blindfolded girl .	who are kids playing on the bouncehouse and spins around the blindfolded girl ?	woman
23291	The girl swings around at a pinata and hits then walks away .	who swings around at the pinata and hits then walks away ?	girl
23292	A man sits down on an exercise machine .	who sits down on an exercise machine ?	man
23295	Three people go tubing down a rapid .	how many people go tubing down the rapid ?	three
23297	There 's a young man wearing a black hoodie and hat out in the wilderness .	who does there 's ?	man
23303	Three men playing a game of racquetball are in a court surrounded by white walls .	how many men is playing a game of racquetball are in a court surrounded by white walls ?	three
23303	Three men playing a game of racquetball are in a court surrounded by white walls .	what is the color of the walls ?	white
23304	The man in white serves , followed by the man in the hat scoring on his serve .	what is the color of the man ?	white
23305	The man in the yellow shorts is next and manages to take the game over , serving several times to close the video .	what is the color of the shorts ?	yellow
23309	Two of them stand holding a rake and they play rock paper scissors .	what do two of them stand and they play ?	scissors
23318	The other guy then jumps on the rake .	who then jumps on the rake ?	guy
23322	A person is down below and is swinging a fabric and hitting it onto something .	what is the person swinging and hitting it onto something ?	fabric
23325	A person is throwing a disk down a strip of land .	what is the person throwing down a strip of land ?	disk
23326	A woman in a brown shirt is holding a red cup .	what is the woman in a brown shirt holding ?	cup
23326	A woman in a brown shirt is holding a red cup .	what is the color of the shirt ?	brown
23326	A woman in a brown shirt is holding a red cup .	what is the color of the cup ?	red
23327	A boy pushes a ball with a stick .	who pushes the ball with a stick ?	boy
23328	A man in a black shirt is holding a stick .	what is the man in a black shirt holding ?	stick
23328	A man in a black shirt is holding a stick .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
23329	A boy in a white shirt smiles at the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
23330	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a tool .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a tool ?	man
23332	The man continues to take apart the roof .	who continues to take apart the roof ?	man
23333	A group of people are playing in white water kayaks .	what is the color of the kayaks ?	white
23340	Several spectators watch as a man does track and field .	who watch as the man does track and field ?	spectators
23342	As he reaches the dirt section , he he does three jumps .	how many jumps does as he reach the dirt section , he he does ?	three
23347	A gymnast is seen looking off into the distance and standing before a set of uneven bars .	who is seen looking off into the distance and standing before a set of uneven bars ?	gymnast
23348	The man then jumps up onto the bars and begins swinging himself back and fourth .	who then jumps up onto the bars and begins swinging himself back and fourth ?	man
23349	The man continues to swing around and ends by jumping down .	who continues to swing around and ends by jumping down ?	man
23350	A woman washes her hands at a sink .	who washes her hands at a sink ?	woman
23351	The woman towels her hands dry .	who towels her hands dry ?	woman
23352	The camera shows a closeup of her dropping liquid into a contact lens .	what shows the closeup of her dropping liquid into a contact lens ?	camera
23353	The contact lens is held up for inspection .	what is contact held up for inspection ?	lens
23354	The woman rubs the contact lens with the fluid .	who rubs the contact lens with the fluid ?	woman
23355	The woman puts the lens on .	who puts the lens on ?	woman
23355	The woman puts the lens on .	what does the woman put on ?	lens
23356	The woman removes the lens .	who removes the lens ?	woman
23356	The woman removes the lens .	what does the woman remove ?	lens
23357	The lens is held up for inspection .	what is held up for inspection ?	lens
23358	The woman removes the lens from her eye again .	who removes the lens from her eye again ?	woman
23359	The woman cleans the lens with solution .	who cleans the lens with solution ?	woman
23360	The woman places the lens into a container .	who places the lens into a container ?	woman
23360	The woman places the lens into a container .	what does the woman place into a container ?	lens
23363	Two men stand on the far left of a beer pong table .	how many men stand on the far left of a beer pong table ?	two
23366	A girl leans over a sink , and a boy walks up to talk to her .	who leans over the sink , and a boy walks up to talk to her ?	girl
23366	A girl leans over a sink , and a boy walks up to talk to her .	who does the girl lean over a sink , and walks up to talk to her ?	boy
23368	The boy seems equally excited , and she smiles at the camera .	who seems equally excited , and she smiles at the camera ?	boy
23370	The girl focuses on one particular drum .	who focuses on one particular drum ?	girl
23371	The girl continues to play different parts of the drumkit .	who continues to play different parts of the drumkit ?	girl
23372	A truck is seen backing up and blowing leaves around while the camera captures the area around the truck .	what is seen backing up and blowing leaves around while the camera captures the area around the truck ?	truck
23373	The truck is seen again in several locations backing up and pushing leaves back away from the truck .	what is seen again in several locations backing up and pushing leaves back away from the truck ?	truck
23374	Two people are playing a tennis match on a blue court .	how many people are playing the tennis match on a blue court ?	two
23374	Two people are playing a tennis match on a blue court .	what is the color of the court ?	blue
23375	The man in the blue shirt misses the ball and walks away to talk to someone .	what does the man in the blue shirt miss ?	ball
23375	The man in the blue shirt misses the ball and walks away to talk to someone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
23377	A man in a white shirt sits on a chair with a microphone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
23379	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a ski and pointing around it in various locations .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a ski and pointing around it in various locations ?	man
23380	The man continues speaking while rubbing down the ski with lotion and ending by presenting it to the screen .	who continues speaking while rubbing down the ski with lotion and ending by presenting it to the screen ?	man
23381	Two buses are parked in a parking lot .	what are parked in the parking lot ?	buses
23381	Two buses are parked in a parking lot .	how many buses are parked in the parking lot ?	two
23384	An older woman is seen sitting in a chair with a needle in her hands .	who is seen sitting in the chair with a needle in her hands ?	woman
23385	The woman then begins sowing while the camera captures her movements .	who then begins sowing while the camera captures her movements ?	woman
23386	The woman continues sowing and the camera watches from the side .	who continues sowing and the camera watches from the side ?	woman
23387	A woman stands in snow with the words `` Fat Girl Snowboarding '' overlaid .	who stands in snow with the words `` fat girl snowboarding '' overlaid ?	woman
23390	a bullfighter holding a red cloth is in field .	who is holding a red cloth is in field ?	bullfighter
23390	a bullfighter holding a red cloth is in field .	the bullfighter holding what is in field ?	cloth
23390	a bullfighter holding a red cloth is in field .	what is the color of the cloth ?	red
23391	a bull is running to the red cloth of the bullfighter .	what is running to the red cloth of the bullfighter ?	bull
23391	a bull is running to the red cloth of the bullfighter .	what is the color of the cloth ?	red
23393	A young boy is seen pouring soap into his hands and scrubbing his hands above a sink .	who is seen pouring soap into his hands and scrubbing his hands above a sink ?	boy
23394	He then grabs a paper towel and dries off his hands .	what does he then grab ?	towel
23396	The man spins his partner around while dancing .	who spins his partner around while dancing ?	man
23396	The man spins his partner around while dancing .	who does the man spin around while dancing ?	partner
23398	A man is standing in the woods , talking .	who is standing in the woods , talking ?	man
23399	He uses an ax to hit a large piece of wood .	what does he use ?	ax
23407	Three men throw shingles off the roof .	how many men throw shingles off the roof ?	three
23409	Lemon slices are scooped from a jar and placed into drinking glasses on a steel counter top .	what are scooped from the jar and placed into drinking glasses on a steel counter top ?	slices
23411	The glasses are stirred with a stirring rod .	what are stirred with the stirring rod ?	glasses
23412	The glasses are seen set on the table and are slowly panned over from right to left .	what are seen set on the table and are slowly panned over from right to left ?	glasses
23417	A construction worker screws down floor baseboards .	who does construction screw down floor baseboards ?	worker
23418	A construction worker uses a handheld scraper to apply plaster to the bare floor .	who does construction use a handheld scraper to apply plaster to the bare floor ?	worker
23418	A construction worker uses a handheld scraper to apply plaster to the bare floor .	what does the construction worker use ?	scraper
23419	A worker places tiles onto the floor and uses plastic cross spacers in the groves .	who places tiles onto the floor and uses plastic cross spacers in the groves ?	worker
23419	A worker places tiles onto the floor and uses plastic cross spacers in the groves .	what does the worker place onto the floor ?	tiles
23421	The finished floor is seen after the job is done .	what is seen after the job is done ?	floor
23422	A few guys are sitting near a cliff .	who are sitting near the cliff ?	guys
23423	A man is climbing a cliff with all limbs .	who is climbing the cliff with all limbs ?	man
23423	A man is climbing a cliff with all limbs .	what is the man climbing with all limbs ?	cliff
23424	The man that is climbing falls and begins to laugh .	who falls and begins to laugh ?	man
23426	There are two teams in an outdoor swimming pool playing against each other .	how many teams are there in an outdoor swimming pool playing against each other ?	two
23427	The spectators are watching and cheering for the players .	who are watching and cheering for the players ?	spectators
23428	the players are playing with a yellow colored ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
23429	After one of the team scores a point , the fellow teammates cheer for them .	who do after one of the team scores a point , cheer for them ?	teammates
23431	Several contestants are on a stage standing behind a podium made to look like a Rubik cube .	who are on the stage standing behind a podium made to look like a rubik cube ?	contestants
23432	A boy then places a blind fold on his forehead as a man stand to his left examining his every move .	who then places the blind fold on his forehead as a man stand to his left examining his every move ?	boy
23432	A boy then places a blind fold on his forehead as a man stand to his left examining his every move .	what does the boy then place on his forehead ?	fold
23433	The cube is then picked up off the counter and the timer begins as he attempts to solve the puzzle .	what is then picked up off the counter and the timer begins as he attempts to solve the puzzle ?	cube
23433	The cube is then picked up off the counter and the timer begins as he attempts to solve the puzzle .	what is the cube then picked up off the counter and begins as he attempts to solve the puzzle ?	timer
23434	After thirty five seconds , he pulls the blind fold down over his eyes and continues to try and solve the cube .	what does after thirty five seconds , he pull down over his eyes ?	fold
23437	A young boy is seen walking to the end of a diving board and jumping off the side .	who is seen walking to the end of a diving board and jumping off the side ?	boy
23438	The boy comes up from the surface and another boy is seen walking to the end of the board .	who comes up from the surface and another boy is seen walking to the end of the board ?	boy
23438	The boy comes up from the surface and another boy is seen walking to the end of the board .	who does the boy come up from the surface and is seen walking to the end of the board ?	boy
23439	The woman holds up a disposable razor , then holds up a reusable razor and shows that the razor can be popped up .	who holds up the disposable razor , then holds up a reusable razor and shows that the razor can be popped up ?	woman
23439	The woman holds up a disposable razor , then holds up a reusable razor and shows that the razor can be popped up .	what does the woman hold up ?	razor
23440	The woman is standing again and is now applying lotion to her leg .	who is standing again and is now applying lotion to her leg ?	woman
23440	The woman is standing again and is now applying lotion to her leg .	what is the woman now applying to her leg ?	lotion
23441	The woman is now standing with just her upper body showing and is smiling and talking .	who is now standing with just her upper body showing and is smiling and talking ?	woman
23442	Three martial artists with black belts do a demonstration for younger children .	how many martial artists with black belts do a demonstration for younger children ?	three
23442	Three martial artists with black belts do a demonstration for younger children .	what is the color of the belts ?	black
23445	A woman puts something on the side of the leg of a man working out .	who puts something on the side of the leg of a man working out ?	woman
23446	A man in a black suit talks in front of a television .	what is the color of the suit ?	black
23447	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a foam rubber mat .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a foam rubber mat ?	man
23448	The camera pans around more mats laying out while the man still speaks to the camera .	what pans around more mats laying out while the man still speaks to the camera ?	camera
23450	The camera shows shots of the liquid and then shows the woman scrubbing down and washing the horse .	what shows shots of the liquid and then shows the woman scrubbing down and washing the horse ?	camera
23450	The camera shows shots of the liquid and then shows the woman scrubbing down and washing the horse .	the camera then shows who scrubbing down and washing the horse ?	woman
23450	The camera shows shots of the liquid and then shows the woman scrubbing down and washing the horse .	the camera shows shots of the liquid and then shows the woman scrubbing down and washing what ?	horse
23451	She walks the horse away and shakes the bottle , showing more shots of her cleaning the horse with the bottle shown intermittent .	what does she walk away ?	horse
23451	She walks the horse away and shakes the bottle , showing more shots of her cleaning the horse with the bottle shown intermittent .	what does she shake ?	bottle
23452	Various clips are shown of a man wake boarding and doing flips followed by him sitting on a boat and speaking to the camera .	what are shown of the man wake boarding and doing flips followed by him sitting on a boat and speaking to the camera ?	clips
23455	A man holding a baton and wearing glittery tights is standing on a basketball court and is doing a routine of baton twirling , flips , and dramatic dances .	who holding a baton and wearing glittery tights is standing on a basketball court and is doing a routine of baton twirling , flips , and dramatic dances ?	man
23455	A man holding a baton and wearing glittery tights is standing on a basketball court and is doing a routine of baton twirling , flips , and dramatic dances .	the man holding what and wearing glittery tights is standing on a basketball court and is doing a routine of baton twirling , flips , and dramatic dances ?	baton
23455	A man holding a baton and wearing glittery tights is standing on a basketball court and is doing a routine of baton twirling , flips , and dramatic dances .	the man holding a baton and wearing what is standing on a basketball court and is doing a routine of baton twirling , flips , and dramatic dances ?	tights
23456	The man twirls the baton very quickly and unexpectedly drops it .	who twirls the baton very quickly and unexpectedly drops it ?	man
23456	The man twirls the baton very quickly and unexpectedly drops it .	what does the man twirl very quickly ?	baton
23457	The man ends his routine in a sitting position with his legs spread apart , his head thrown back and the baton resting on his right and between his legs .	who ends his routine in a sitting position with his legs spread apart , his head thrown back and the baton resting on his right and between his legs ?	man
23458	The building is being shown then the clock tower .	what is being shown then the clock tower ?	building
23460	A young man is skateboarding on the road , going side to side moving his feet on the board .	who is skateboarding on the road , going side to side moving his feet on the board ?	man
23464	A man holding a rattle puts leaves in bags attached to a leaf catcher .	who is holding a rattle puts leaves in bags attached to a leaf catcher ?	man
23465	Also , the man use the leaf catcher to collect trash in a bag .	who do also , use the leaf catcher to collect trash in a bag ?	man
23465	Also , the man use the leaf catcher to collect trash in a bag .	where do also , the man use the leaf catcher to collect trash . ?	bag
23466	A man wearing a white shirt is holding a tennis racket .	who is wearing a white shirt is holding a tennis racket ?	man
23466	A man wearing a white shirt is holding a tennis racket .	the man wearing what is holding a tennis racket ?	shirt
23466	A man wearing a white shirt is holding a tennis racket .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
23469	A large group of women are seen standing in a room and begin belly dancing .	where are the large group of women seen standing . ?	room
23471	The women continue dancing with one another and end by walking around .	who continue dancing with one another and end by walking around ?	women
23474	some papers are shown and women selling lacrosse tshirts , in a game , people are gathered around the field .	who are some papers shown and selling lacrosse tshirts , in a game , people are gathered around the field ?	women
23477	Two players are playing a game of racket ball .	how many players are playing the game of racket ball ?	two
23478	One female takes a swing at the ball and hits it .	how many female takes the swing at the ball and hits it ?	one
23481	A young man is seen standing in the middle of a room and holding a tennis racket up in the air .	who is seen standing in the middle of a room and holding a tennis racket up in the air ?	man
23483	The boy runs away from the man and towards the camera in the end .	who runs away from the man and towards the camera in the end ?	boy
23485	Various people in costume are shown and a girl runs around playing with a kite .	who are various people in costume shown and runs around playing with a kite ?	girl
23486	Several kites are shown up in the air while other children play with them .	what are shown up in the air while other children play with them ?	kites
23489	A man is seen kneeling down beside a car spraying a hose on the car .	who is seen kneeling down beside the car spraying a hose on the car ?	man
23492	women are playing voleyball in a wooden court .	who are playing voleyball in a wooden court ?	women
23494	referees are standing on sides of the court holding flags and watching the game no stairs .	who are standing on sides of the court holding flags and watching the game no stairs ?	referees
23498	The video then fades to a black screen and asks you to subscribe to their youtube channel .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
23500	A person wearing an orange vest and black pants is working on tiling a room in a house .	what is the color of the vest ?	orange
23500	A person wearing an orange vest and black pants is working on tiling a room in a house .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
23501	He is kneeling down next to a pile of white square ceramic tiles and a bucket filled with grout and cement .	what is the color of the tiles ?	white
23502	He is smearing the floor with cement with a trowel .	what is he smearing with cement with a trowel ?	floor
23503	Then he places the square tiles next to each other in a straight line , making sure they are fitted tightly together .	what does then he place to each other in a straight line , ?	tiles
23504	He removes more tiles from the box to places them on the wet cement , making sure they are properly aligned with each other .	what does he remove from the box to places them on the wet cement , ?	tiles
23505	He continues placing the tiles to fill in all the gaps until the entire room is fully covered with the white tiles .	what is the color of the tiles ?	white
23506	A man is seen playing a set of bag pipes to the camera while moving his hands up and down .	who is seen playing the set of bag pipes to the camera while moving his hands up and down ?	man
23507	The man continues playing the instrument in the room and ends by moving his hands down .	who continues playing the instrument in the room and ends by moving his hands down ?	man
23507	The man continues playing the instrument in the room and ends by moving his hands down .	where does the man continue playing the instrument . ?	room
23508	A man is sitting down with a microphone attached to his ears and starts to talk about the congas in front of him .	who is sitting down with the microphone attached to his ears and starts to talk about the congas in front of him ?	man
23509	Once he is done talking , the man begins to play and hits the congas back and forth .	, who begins to play and hits the congas back and forth ?	man
23511	Now , he has on head phones and starts to play the congas straight through with no interruptions .	what does now , he have on ?	phones
23513	The woman retrieves a new ball .	who retrieves the new ball ?	woman
23513	The woman retrieves a new ball .	what does the woman retrieve ?	ball
23514	The woman retrieves two balls , then gets rid of one .	who retrieves two balls , then gets rid of one ?	woman
23514	The woman retrieves two balls , then gets rid of one .	what does the woman retrieve , then gets rid of one ?	balls
23514	The woman retrieves two balls , then gets rid of one .	how many balls does the woman retrieve ?	two
23515	The woman retrieves another ball .	who retrieves another ball ?	woman
23515	The woman retrieves another ball .	what does the woman retrieve ?	ball
23517	A person carpet cleans the carpet .	what cleans the carpet ?	carpet
23517	A person carpet cleans the carpet .	what does the person carpet clean ?	carpet
23520	They empty the bucket into another bucket .	what do they empty into another bucket ?	bucket
23522	A man grabs a suitcase out of a car .	who grabs the suitcase out of a car ?	man
23523	He lays down in a barber chair .	where does he lay down . ?	chair
23524	A man starts shaving his beard with a razor .	who starts shaving his beard with a razor ?	man
23526	A young man is helping a young woman swing at a soccer pinata .	who is helping the young woman swing at a soccer pinata ?	man
23526	A young man is helping a young woman swing at a soccer pinata .	who is the young man helping at a soccer pinata ?	swing
23527	They are on an outdoor green field at a school or community center .	what is the color of the field ?	green
23529	An adult is controlling the pinata trying to keep her from hitting it .	who is controlling the pinata trying to keep her from hitting it ?	adult
23529	An adult is controlling the pinata trying to keep her from hitting it .	what is an adult controlling trying to keep her from hitting it ?	pinata
23532	A boy is standing behind a music stand playing a flute .	who is standing behind the music stand playing a flute ?	boy
23534	A man is standing on an indoor court with his racket in his right hand the racket ball in the left hand and is talking and motioning a lot .	who is standing on an indoor court with his racket in his right hand the racket ball in the left hand and is talking and motioning a lot ?	man
23535	The man then drops the ball on the court , hits it , then catches it when it returns to him .	who then drops the ball on the court , hits it , then catches it when it returns to him ?	man
23535	The man then drops the ball on the court , hits it , then catches it when it returns to him .	what does the man then drop on the court ?	ball
23536	The man continues to talk as he holds the ball and racket in his hands and the screen fades to black .	who continues to talk as he holds the ball and racket in his hands and the screen fades to black ?	man
23536	The man continues to talk as he holds the ball and racket in his hands and the screen fades to black .	what does the man continue and fades to black ?	screen
23536	The man continues to talk as he holds the ball and racket in his hands and the screen fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
23537	A man is looking down and talking into the camera .	who is looking down and talking into the camera ?	man
23538	The man removes his glasses and shows us how to insert contact lenses .	who removes his glasses and shows us how to insert contact lenses ?	man
23538	The man removes his glasses and shows us how to insert contact lenses .	what does the man remove ?	glasses
23539	The man shows the contact lens to the camera .	who shows the contact lens to the camera ?	man
23539	The man shows the contact lens to the camera .	what does the man show contact to the camera ?	lens
23540	The man inserts the contact and moves his eye around .	who inserts the contact and moves his eye around ?	man
23541	The man shows his other contact .	who shows his other contact ?	man
23542	The man inserts the contact on the right and moves his eye around .	who inserts the contact on the right and moves his eye around ?	man
23545	Two men are on top a ladder in a wrestling ring , a man is bend on the ladder .	how many men are on top a ladder in a wrestling ring ?	two
23546	Then , the wrestler jumps over the man , and the man and the wrestler fall to the ring .	who does then , jump over the man , and the man and the wrestler fall to the ring ?	wrestler
23547	The judge watch the men .	who watch the men ?	judge
23548	A kid takes a drink and swishes it around in their mouth .	who takes the drink and swishes it around in their mouth ?	kid
23552	They take another drink and dump it out in the sink .	where do they dump it out . ?	sink
23553	They pick up the towel and wipe their face .	what do they pick up ?	towel
23554	They grab a cup and turn the sink on .	what do they grab ?	cup
23554	They grab a cup and turn the sink on .	what do they turn on ?	sink
23557	We see a man with a croquet mallet talking .	who do we see with a croquet mallet talking ?	man
23558	The man lines up his shot of the red ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
23559	The man hits the red ball .	who hits the red ball ?	man
23559	The man hits the red ball .	what does the man hit ?	ball
23559	The man hits the red ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
23560	The man points at the blue ball the kneels in the grass .	who points at the blue ball the kneels in the grass ?	man
23560	The man points at the blue ball the kneels in the grass .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
23563	People are talking in a room .	where are people talking . ?	room
23564	People are playing blackjack in a crowded casino .	where are people playing blackjack . ?	casino
23565	A man claps his hands and signs a paper .	who claps his hands and signs a paper ?	man
23567	A woman walks into a partially netted area .	who walks into the partially netted area ?	woman
23568	The woman stands preparing to hammer throw .	who stands preparing to hammer throw ?	woman
23569	The woman performs the hammer throw .	who performs the hammer throw ?	woman
23570	The hammer is seen landing with judges walking towards it .	what is seen landing with judges walking towards it ?	hammer
23570	The hammer is seen landing with judges walking towards it .	what is the hammer seen with judges walking towards it ?	landing
23571	The woman raises her arm .	who raises her arm ?	woman
23572	The woman walks out of the netted area .	who walks out of the netted area ?	woman
23573	The woman raises her arm again .	who raises her arm again ?	woman
23574	Two people play foosball with a woman behind .	how many people play foosball with the woman behind ?	two
23575	One person scores and claps .	how many person scores and claps ?	one
23578	A woman is seen sitting on a couch holding a hat and leads into her cutting the cat 's claws .	who is seen sitting on the couch holding a hat and leads into her cutting the cat 's claws ?	woman
23581	The person flies down the trail in the tube with another person following down afterwards .	where does the person fly down the trail with another person following down afterwards . ?	tube
23582	a journalist is interviewing a basketball player in a court .	who is interviewing the basketball player in a court ?	journalist
23583	man is polishing the wooden floor .	who is polishing the wooden floor ?	man
23583	man is polishing the wooden floor .	what is man polishing ?	floor
23584	a little girl is sitting in sand where she has been trying to make a sand castle .	who is sitting in sand where she has been trying to make a sand castle ?	girl
23586	A young adult male punches and kicks a suspended punching bag .	what does the young adult male punch and kicks ?	bag
23589	A man talking to the camera while holding a poster .	who is talking to the camera while holding a poster ?	man
23592	He lays out more tin foil and wraps another object with it .	what does he lay out ?	foil
23594	A man is sitting on a workout bench .	who is sitting on the workout bench ?	man
23597	Two men play ping pong on front a crowd .	how many men play ping pong on front a crowd ?	two
23598	When the person with black jacket serves , the ball lands on net , also the young man fails to serve well and the ball lands outside the table .	what is the color of the jacket ?	black
23599	The young man wins and raise his hands , while his opponent hug him .	who wins and raise his hands , while his opponent hug him ?	man
23601	Two men are putting suntan lotion on each other at the beach .	what are two men putting on each other at the beach ?	lotion
23601	Two men are putting suntan lotion on each other at the beach .	how many men are putting suntan lotion on each other at the beach ?	two
23605	surfers ride waves in the ocean .	who ride waves in the ocean ?	surfers
23611	A woman wearing a leopard print jacket is sitting with a man in a hookah bar .	who is wearing a leopard print jacket is sitting with a man in a hookah bar ?	woman
23611	A woman wearing a leopard print jacket is sitting with a man in a hookah bar .	the woman wearing what is sitting with a man in a hookah bar ?	jacket
23612	The man kisses her as he leans forward .	who kisses her as he leans forward ?	man
23613	She is holding the hookah in her hand ready to take her first puff .	what is she holding in her hand ready to take her first puff ?	hookah
23615	A woman in a dress is walking up stairs .	what is the woman in a dress walking up ?	stairs
23618	A man is seen walking around a field with a dog next to him .	who is seen walking around the field with a dog next to him ?	man
23619	The man then grabs a frisbee and begins performing tricks with the dog .	who then grabs the frisbee and begins performing tricks with the dog ?	man
23619	The man then grabs a frisbee and begins performing tricks with the dog .	what does the man then grab ?	frisbee
23620	The man continues to throw around a frisbee with the dog while others watch on the side .	who continues to throw around the frisbee with the dog while others watch on the side ?	man
23622	The man asks the boy to see his work and pans the camera over to his wife .	who asks the boy to see his work and pans the camera over to his wife ?	man
23622	The man asks the boy to see his work and pans the camera over to his wife .	who does the man ask ?	boy
23622	The man asks the boy to see his work and pans the camera over to his wife .	what does the man pan over to his wife ?	camera
23623	The man makes a joke to his wife and laughs off camera .	who makes the joke to his wife and laughs off camera ?	man
23623	The man makes a joke to his wife and laughs off camera .	what does the man laugh off ?	camera
23624	Two men are seen standing around a shuffleboard table followed by the men hitting pucks across the board .	how many men are seen standing around the shuffleboard table followed by the men hitting pucks across the board ?	two
23626	A woman talks in a gym , then she drives a static bike .	what does the woman talks in a gym , then she drive ?	bicycle
23626	A woman talks in a gym , then she drives a static bike .	where does the woman talks , then she drive a static bike . ?	gym
23628	Then , the woman continues riding the bike and then lift weigh .	who does then , continue riding the bike and then lift weigh ?	woman
23629	Outside in the backyard two little boys in matching swim suits are playing with nets trying to catch a ball .	how many little boys do outside in the backyard in matching swim suits are playing with nets trying to catch a ball ?	two
23629	Outside in the backyard two little boys in matching swim suits are playing with nets trying to catch a ball .	where do outside two little boys in matching swim suits are playing with nets trying to catch a ball . ?	backyard
23631	The dad comes and throws the ball over and the boys run after it .	who comes and throws the ball over and the boys run after it ?	dad
23631	The dad comes and throws the ball over and the boys run after it .	what does the dad throw over and the boys run after it ?	ball
23631	The dad comes and throws the ball over and the boys run after it .	the dad comes and throws the ball over and who run after it ?	boys
23632	They continue to play and one of the little boys gets it in his net and trows it and when it lands they both go after it again .	where do they continue to play and one of the little boys gets it and trows it and when it lands they both go after it again . ?	net
23635	A goalie stands alone at his goal .	who stands alone at his goal ?	goalie
23638	The woman looks back to the camera and smiles while holding a toothbrush .	who looks back to the camera and smiles while holding a toothbrush ?	woman
23640	A person opens a round box and take off a bottle of nail polish and puts on holder .	what does the person open ?	box
23642	After , the woman close the nail polish bottle .	who do after , close the nail polish bottle ?	woman
23642	After , the woman close the nail polish bottle .	what do after , the woman close ?	bottle
23647	The man throws a dart .	who throws the dart ?	man
23647	The man throws a dart .	what does the man throw ?	dart
23648	The woman follows after him .	who follows after him ?	woman
23649	The woman throws three more darts .	who throws three more darts ?	woman
23649	The woman throws three more darts .	how many more darts does the woman throw ?	three
23650	The man shows off his dart and demonstrates how to step .	who shows off his dart and demonstrates how to step ?	man
23650	The man shows off his dart and demonstrates how to step .	what does the man show off ?	dart
23651	He throws the dart from afar .	what does he throw from afar ?	dart
23653	The man grabs the darts from the board .	who grabs the darts from the board ?	man
23654	The woman throws some darts .	who throws some darts ?	woman
23655	The man follows after the woman .	who follows after the woman ?	man
23656	The woman does it again .	who does it again ?	woman
23657	The man returns to do the same .	who returns to do the same ?	man
23658	The woman throws them again .	who throws them again ?	woman
23659	The man goes after her again .	who goes after her again ?	man
23660	The woman goes once more and triumphantly wins .	who goes once more and triumphantly wins ?	woman
23661	A woman is seen hosting a news segment and that leads into people riding around on horses .	who is seen hosting the news segment and that leads into people riding around on horses ?	woman
23664	A man stands in front of a podium talking .	who stands in front of a podium talking ?	man
23665	Two other men stand next to him .	how many other men stand next to him ?	two
23667	The same man digs around in the pit with his hand looking for burning embers .	who digs around in the pit with his hand looking for burning embers ?	man
23671	A skater girl in a white t-shirt and shorts tries to jump with her skateboard and falls backwards hitting her head .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	white
23672	Two more skaters head around a curve , but one plows straight into a hay-stack , though luckily helmet-first .	who head around the curve , but one plows straight into a hay-stack , though luckily helmet-first ?	skaters
23672	Two more skaters head around a curve , but one plows straight into a hay-stack , though luckily helmet-first .	how many more skaters head around the curve ?	two
23673	Another helmeted skater tries a hand-stop , and does stop , though unfortunately his skateboard does not .	who tries the hand-stop , and does stop , though unfortunately his skateboard does not ?	skater
23674	Outside as a group looks on , a man lifts a guy onto his shoulder and throws him on a table which breaks .	who does outside as the group look on , lifts a guy onto his shoulder and throws him on a table which breaks ?	man
23674	Outside as a group looks on , a man lifts a guy onto his shoulder and throws him on a table which breaks .	who does outside as the group look on , a man lifts onto his shoulder and throws him on a table which breaks ?	guy
23676	Two men lay the male down and look at his face , and another person moves a laying individual to look at the male 's face .	how many men lay the male down and look at his face ?	two
23677	A man attempts to lift a barbell .	who attempts to lift the barbell ?	man
23680	A textured intro screen appears and a logo of a shoe is displayed along with green words that say `` VICKERMANN und STOYA '' .	what appears and the logo of a shoe is displayed along with green words that say `` vickermann und stoya '' ?	screen
23680	A textured intro screen appears and a logo of a shoe is displayed along with green words that say `` VICKERMANN und STOYA '' .	what is the color of the words ?	green
23681	The man then picks up a white cloth and rubs it all over the shoe .	who then picks up the white cloth and rubs it all over the shoe ?	man
23681	The man then picks up a white cloth and rubs it all over the shoe .	what does the man then pick up ?	cloth
23681	The man then picks up a white cloth and rubs it all over the shoe .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
23682	The man puts the white cloth down , picks up a thick brush and brushes the shoe all over .	what does , pick up the thick brush and brushes all over ?	shoe
23682	The man puts the white cloth down , picks up a thick brush and brushes the shoe all over .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
23683	Then he puts the shoe and the brush down , picks up the shoelace and laces the shoe .	what does then he pick up ?	shoelace
23683	Then he puts the shoe and the brush down , picks up the shoelace and laces the shoe .	what does then he lace ?	shoe
23684	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him wiping down another man 's back .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him wiping down another man 's back ?	man
23685	He rubs in lotion and then stands up with the man .	where did he rub . ?	lotion
23686	The man holds a mirror up to his back and smiles back to the artist .	who holds the mirror up to his back and smiles back to the artist ?	man
23686	The man holds a mirror up to his back and smiles back to the artist .	what does the man hold up to his back ?	mirror
23687	There are some kids using a water pump to wash their hands at the Plumpton Park Zoo .	who are there using a water pump to wash their hands at the plumpton park zoo ?	kids
23687	There are some kids using a water pump to wash their hands at the Plumpton Park Zoo .	there are some kids using what ?	pump
23689	Then he goes on help another young boy wearing a black hoodie to wash his hands .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	black
23690	The three kids are having fun in the water as they wash their hands clean .	who are having fun in the water as they wash their hands clean ?	kids
23690	The three kids are having fun in the water as they wash their hands clean .	how many kids are having fun in the water as they wash their hands clean ?	three
23691	A lady stands in a yard holding a leaf blower before stepping over the cord .	who stands in the yard holding a leaf blower before stepping over the cord ?	lady
23692	The lady blows the leafs as she walks around the yard .	who blows the leafs as she walks around the yard ?	lady
23692	The lady blows the leafs as she walks around the yard .	what did the lady blow ?	leafs
23693	The lady points the tool at the camera and laugh .	who points the tool at the camera and laugh ?	lady
23693	The lady points the tool at the camera and laugh .	what does the lady point at the camera ?	tool
23694	The lady continues to blow the leaves .	who continues to blow the leaves ?	lady
23695	A girl walks into a room , seeing sheet music at a piano .	who walks into the room , seeing sheet music at a piano ?	girl
23696	She opens the piano and begins to play .	what does she open ?	piano
23698	A woman is scared of going in the water and says she cant do this .	who is scared of going in the water and says she cant do this ?	woman
23700	The woman jumps in the water and everyone cheers .	who jumps in the water and everyone cheers ?	woman
23703	A man prepares for a gymnastics routine on the parallel bars .	who prepares for the gymnastics routine on the parallel bars ?	man
23705	A camera pans all around a wooded area and leads into two people riding around on skis .	what pans all around a wooded area and leads into two people riding around on skis ?	camera
23708	A man is seen speaking to the camera while presenting various objects in front of him .	who is seen speaking to the camera while presenting various objects in front of him ?	man
23709	The man then uses a marker to dig up the side of a table and fill it in .	who then uses the marker to dig up the side of a table and fill it in ?	man
23709	The man then uses a marker to dig up the side of a table and fill it in .	what does the man then use ?	marker
23711	A boy is riding a long board down various road ways .	who is riding the long board down various road ways ?	boy
23715	Two girls in karate class bow forward and then to each other before practice .	how many girls in karate class bow forward and then to each other before practice ?	two
23716	The girl dodges an attack by taking a knee while blocking a hit .	who dodges an attack by taking a knee while blocking a hit ?	girl
23717	The karate students punch and block with their wrists .	who punch and block with their wrists ?	students
23718	The girl does a standing spinning kicks .	who does the standing spinning kicks ?	girl
23719	Two dogs wearing clothing run together up stairs .	what are wearing clothing run together up stairs ?	dogs
23719	Two dogs wearing clothing run together up stairs .	two dogs wearing what run together up stairs ?	clothing
23719	Two dogs wearing clothing run together up stairs .	how many dogs is wearing clothing run together up stairs ?	two
23720	The two dogs are shown running together amidst crowds in several different locations while following a man .	what are shown running together amidst crowds in several different locations while following a man ?	dogs
23720	The two dogs are shown running together amidst crowds in several different locations while following a man .	how many dogs are shown running together amidst crowds in several different locations while following a man ?	two
23721	The man teaches one dog to pull another by the leash .	who teaches one dog to pull another by the leash ?	man
23721	The man teaches one dog to pull another by the leash .	how many dog does the man teach to pull another by the leash ?	one
23722	A woman talks and fix her wet hair , also she shows a brush and a dry hair .	who talks and fix her wet hair , also she shows a brush and a dry hair ?	woman
23723	The woman brush her hair on different directions using a hair dryer .	who brush her hair on different directions using a hair dryer ?	woman
23724	Then , the woman stops and shows her hairstyle while talking .	who does then , stop and shows her hairstyle while talking ?	woman
23726	A man does wave wheels in a canoe .	who does wave wheels in a canoe ?	man
23726	A man does wave wheels in a canoe .	where does the man do wave wheels . ?	canoe
23727	He is shown doing downstream momentum , rolling over in his canoe .	where is he shown doing downstream momentum , rolling over . ?	canoe
23732	People stand around to watch them work and the camera pans around the kids playing in the sand .	what do people stand around and pans around the kids playing in the sand ?	camera
23733	woman is painting the fence with white paint .	who is painting the fence with white paint ?	woman
23733	woman is painting the fence with white paint .	what is woman painting with white paint ?	fence
23733	woman is painting the fence with white paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	white
23734	man is painting a green bench in the park .	who is painting the green bench in the park ?	man
23734	man is painting a green bench in the park .	what is the color of the bench ?	green
23736	The camera pans down the side of a fence .	what pans down the side of a fence ?	camera
23740	They continue down the fence and remove some dead plants .	what do they remove ?	plants
23741	They show a product used to clean the fence .	what do they show used to clean the fence ?	product
23742	A man sprays the fence with the product .	who sprays the fence with the product ?	man
23742	A man sprays the fence with the product .	what did the man spray with the product ?	fence
23743	He drops it and gets some paint .	what does he get ?	paint
23745	Boys are moping the tiled floor .	what are boys moping ?	floor
23746	A boy in short places his mop in a yellow bucket .	what does the boy in short place in a yellow bucket ?	mop
23746	A boy in short places his mop in a yellow bucket .	what is the color of the bucket ?	yellow
23746	A boy in short places his mop in a yellow bucket .	where does the boy in short place his mop . ?	bucket
23747	A lady walks away with a long clear object in her hand .	who walks away with the long clear object in her hand ?	lady
23749	One person follows close behind a car in front of him riding his bumper .	how many person follows close behind the car in front of him riding his bumper ?	one
23751	The cars turn around and get out of the traffic jam .	what turn around and get out of the traffic jam ?	cars
23752	A boy crashes into the back of a stopped car .	who crashes into the back of a stopped car ?	boy
23754	little girls are standing in the middle of a court practicing boxing .	who are standing in the middle of a court practicing boxing ?	girls
23758	A man is seen scraping off a car that is covered with snow and speaking to the camera .	who is seen scraping off the car that is covered with snow and speaking to the camera ?	man
23759	The camera follows the man around as he continues to scrap off the car and speaking to the camera .	what follows the man around as he continues to scrap off the car and speaking to the camera ?	camera
23759	The camera follows the man around as he continues to scrap off the car and speaking to the camera .	who does the camera follow around ?	man
23760	A teenage boy dances around in the background while another teenage boy wearing practices high jump in a school cafeteria .	who dances around in the background while another teenage boy wearing practices high jump in a school cafeteria ?	boy
23760	A teenage boy dances around in the background while another teenage boy wearing practices high jump in a school cafeteria .	where does the teenage boy dance around in the background while another teenage boy wearing practices high jump . ?	cafeteria
23761	A teenage boy completes a high jump landing on his back on the mat .	who completes the high jump landing on his back on the mat ?	boy
23761	A teenage boy completes a high jump landing on his back on the mat .	what does the teenage boy complete on his back on the mat ?	landing
23762	Several adults and teenagers are standing and sitting around the high jump mat while a boy in black does the high jump .	what is the color of the boy ?	black
23763	The boy in black does another high jump while another teenage boy watches in the background .	what is the color of the boy ?	black
23764	The same boy in black does a high jump while a taller boy in white walks past .	what is the color of the boy ?	black
23764	The same boy in black does a high jump while a taller boy in white walks past .	what is the color of the boy ?	white
23766	A different boy wearing white does the high jump while other people stand and sit nearby .	who is wearing white does the high jump while other people stand and sit nearby ?	boy
23768	A third boy wearing blue does the high jump three times in a row with others in the background .	who is wearing blue does the high jump three times in a row with others in the background ?	boy
23768	A third boy wearing blue does the high jump three times in a row with others in the background .	how many times is the third boy wearing blue does the high jump in a row with others in the background ?	three
23770	Two girls are standing up doing karate .	who are standing up doing karate ?	girls
23770	Two girls are standing up doing karate .	how many girls are standing up doing karate ?	two
23772	A woman in a black robe is standing up next to them .	what is the color of the robe ?	black
23772	A woman in a black robe is standing up next to them .	where is the woman standing up next to them . ?	robe
23773	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
23774	A lady speaks in front of a plaza .	who speaks in front of a plaza ?	lady
23775	the lady hula hoops in short shorts and a tight shirt in a plaza and we see a timer in the upper right corner periodically .	who hula hoops in short shorts and a tight shirt in a plaza and we see a timer in the upper right corner periodically ?	lady
23776	The timer reads The lady hula hoops for 2 minutes and seventeen seconds .	what reads the lady hula hoops for 2 minutes and seventeen seconds ?	timer
23777	The lady speaks to the camera again .	who speaks to the camera again ?	lady
23778	We see the ending YouTube screen .	what do we see ?	screen
23780	A woman wraps a book in brown paper .	who wraps the book in brown paper ?	woman
23780	A woman wraps a book in brown paper .	what is the color of the paper ?	brown
23781	A woman in a gray sweater is talking .	what is the color of the sweater ?	gray
23783	They finish wrapping the book and put the envelope on the front of the package .	what did they put on the front of the package ?	envelope
23785	A woman is seen speaking and laughing to the camera and leads into her holding up a magazine and presenting pages to the camera .	who is seen speaking and laughing to the camera and leads into her holding up a magazine and presenting pages to the camera ?	woman
23786	The woman presents more objects to the camera and then uses one to brush her teeth while still speaking to the camera .	who presents more objects to the camera and then uses one to brush her teeth while still speaking to the camera ?	woman
23787	Two suma wrestlers walk to a ring .	who walk to the ring ?	wrestlers
23787	Two suma wrestlers walk to a ring .	how many suma wrestlers walk to the ring ?	two
23790	A referee calls them into position .	who calls them into position ?	referee
23791	The suma wrestlers begin fighting , with one of them immediately throwing the other to the ground .	who begin fighting , with one of them immediately throwing the other to the ground ?	wrestlers
23792	The winning suma wrestler is applauded and cheered on by the crowd as he walks off the stage .	who is applauded and cheered on by the crowd as he walks off the stage ?	wrestler
23793	To wrap a circular gift you will need ribbon scissors , paper scissors , ribbons , tape , Japenese using paper because its soft and strong and the color does n't come off .	what will you need , paper scissors , ribbons , tape , japenese using paper because its soft and strong and the color does n't come off ?	scissors
23794	A lady gymnast dressed in black leotards is performing gymnastics on bars .	who dressed in black leotards is performing gymnastics on bars ?	gymnast
23794	A lady gymnast dressed in black leotards is performing gymnastics on bars .	what is the color of the leotards ?	black
23796	She successfully completes her round and jumps off of the bars .	what does she successfully complete ?	round
23801	A last clip shows someone going up a ramp on water skis and then crashing into the water .	what shows someone going up a ramp on water skis and then crashing into the water ?	clip
23802	A white fence is shown outside a house .	what is shown outside the house ?	fence
23802	A white fence is shown outside a house .	what is the color of the fence ?	white
23803	A man is holding a scraper and brush .	who is holding the scraper and brush ?	man
23804	He scrapes the paint off the fence , then repaints it with fresh paint .	what does he scrap off the fence ?	paint
23805	The person is skiing down the high snow covered mountains .	the person is skiing down the high snow covered what ?	mountains
23806	A red helicopter is flying around as the skiers are climbing the top mountain .	what is flying around as the skiers are climbing the top mountain ?	helicopter
23806	A red helicopter is flying around as the skiers are climbing the top mountain .	what is the color of the helicopter ?	red
23807	The skiers ski down the slope , ride their motorcycles , went fishing , and ski .	what do the skiers ski down the slope , ride , went fishing , and ski ?	motorcycles
23809	The person continues using the tool along the sides and the camera fades to black shortly after .	what does the person continue and fades to black shortly after ?	camera
23809	The person continues using the tool along the sides and the camera fades to black shortly after .	what is the color of the shortly ?	black
23810	A man is standing in his yard .	who is standing in his yard ?	man
23813	A man in a black hoodie talks to the camera .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	black
23814	A second man in a blue hoodie walks in and talks to the camera .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	blue
23815	The man in the black hoodie shows off a bottle of mouth wash .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	black
23816	The two men talk to each other .	how many men talk to each other ?	two
23817	The man in the blue hoodie pours the mouthwash in two glasses .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	blue
23818	The two men take classes and `` cheers '' each other .	how many men take classes and `` cheers '' each other ?	two
23819	The two men keep the mouthwash in their mouths .	how many men keep the mouthwash in their mouths ?	two
23820	The man in the black hoodie shows off his t-shirt .	what does the man in the black hoodie show off ?	t-shirt
23820	The man in the black hoodie shows off his t-shirt .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	black
23821	The two men show off signs that insult each other and try to make each other laugh .	how many men show off signs that insult each other and try to make each other laugh ?	two
23822	The man in the blue hoodie laughs first .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	blue
23823	The men both spit the mouthwash in the sink .	where do the men both spit the mouthwash . ?	sink
23826	The man lifts the woman all around while they continue dancing and end by holing a pose .	who lifts the woman all around while they continue dancing and end by holing a pose ?	man
23826	The man lifts the woman all around while they continue dancing and end by holing a pose .	who does the man lift all around ?	woman
23829	A man is throwing darts at a dart board .	who is throwing darts at a dart board ?	man
23834	The man rubs plaster using a tool and stands up to grab paper .	who plaster using the tool and stands up to grab paper ?	rubs
23835	He rubs the paper along the wall and ends by looking up to the camera .	what does he rub the paper along ?	wall
23836	A woman talks as she is seated on the ground .	who talks as she is seated on the ground ?	woman
23840	The outro is a white screen with multiple colors on it that include logos , website and the name of the event .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
23841	A woman is smiling sitting in a tattoo sitting on the chair waiting patiently , smiling and being over friendly .	who is smiling sitting in the tattoo sitting on the chair waiting patiently , smiling and being over friendly ?	woman
23843	Then grabs a needle and sticks it through her lip , he gets a piercing and puts it on for her .	then grabs what , he gets a piercing and puts it on for her ?	needle
23845	A small girl is seen hula hooping over and over again with her hands on her hips .	who is seen hula hooping over and over again with her hands on her hips ?	girl
23846	The girl spins around with the hula hoop moving from her feet to her knees as well as the rest of her body .	who spins around with the hula hoop moving from her feet to her knees as well as the rest of her body ?	girl
23847	At one point she throws the hula hoop accidentally but picks it back up and continues spinning with it .	what does at one point she throw accidentally ?	hoop
23849	Two men introduce themselves in the beginning of the video and tell the viewers that they will be talking about tattoos .	how many men introduce themselves in the beginning of the video and tell the viewers that they will be talking about tattoos ?	two
23852	Several clients are shown close up on the screen while they are in the process of a tattoo .	who are shown close up on the screen while they are in the process of a tattoo ?	clients
23853	A man dressed as a referee is shown in a hockey rink .	who dressed as the referee is shown in a hockey rink ?	man
23853	A man dressed as a referee is shown in a hockey rink .	where did the man dress as a referee is shown . ?	rink
23856	The people are walking in the street with marching band .	where are the people walking . ?	street
23857	The men in green vest are walking on both sides of the parade .	what is the color of the vest ?	green
23857	The men in green vest are walking on both sides of the parade .	where are the men walking on both sides of the parade . ?	vest
23858	The man in neon green jacket is taking picture of the parade .	what is the color of the jacket ?	green
23863	He gets up immediately and shows his friends his scraped and injured elbow .	who does he show ?	friends
23868	A guy is shown running down a track making a jump .	who is shown running down the track making a jump ?	guy
23870	The guy is then shown exiting the track .	who is then shown exiting the track ?	guy
23871	A person is washing a car .	what is the person washing ?	car
23874	A man is leaning over a large pool table .	who is leaning over the large pool table ?	man
23877	A man first salutes and then does karate inside a room while spinning on one leg , next he makes salute .	who first salutes and then does karate inside a room while spinning on one leg , next he makes salute ?	man
23881	A man is doing the splits inside a gym .	who is doing the splits inside a gym ?	man
23884	A woman stands on front a paint holding a bottle , and then paintings on canvas are shown in a slideshow .	who stands on front the paint holding a bottle , and then paintings on canvas are shown in a slideshow ?	woman
23885	Then , the woman paints two canvas using a bottle , when it is necessary the woman rotates the canvas .	who does then , paint two canvas using a bottle , when it is necessary the woman rotates the canvas ?	woman
23885	Then , the woman paints two canvas using a bottle , when it is necessary the woman rotates the canvas .	what does then , the woman paint using a bottle , when it is necessary the woman rotates the canvas ?	canvas
23885	Then , the woman paints two canvas using a bottle , when it is necessary the woman rotates the canvas .	how many canvas does then , the woman paint using a bottle , when it is necessary the woman rotates the canvas ?	two
23886	Then , the woman puts the canvas on the floor and continues painting with the bottle .	then , who puts the canvas on the floor and continues painting with the bottle ?	woman
23886	Then , the woman puts the canvas on the floor and continues painting with the bottle .	what does then , the woman put on the floor ?	canvas
23886	Then , the woman puts the canvas on the floor and continues painting with the bottle .	what does then , the woman continue with the bottle ?	painting
23887	After , the woman hangs the paintings on the , then she puts the paintings on the floor and then hang on the wall to continues painting .	what does , then she put on the floor ?	paintings
23889	They put the sandwich into a grill .	what did they put into a grill ?	sandwich
23894	Two teams are playing dodge-ball .	how many teams are playing dodge-ball ?	two
23895	A red team member runs up and throws a ball directly at an opponent .	who runs up and throws the ball directly at an opponent ?	member
23895	A red team member runs up and throws a ball directly at an opponent .	what does the red team member throw directly at an opponent ?	ball
23895	A red team member runs up and throws a ball directly at an opponent .	what is the color of the member ?	red
23896	A woman demonstrates how to dry a counter top and sink of water splashed from a sink faucet with a paper towel .	who demonstrates how to dry the counter top and sink of water splashed from a sink faucet with a paper towel ?	woman
23897	A woman stands in a kitchen next to a sink and talks to the camera .	who stands in the kitchen next to a sink and talks to the camera ?	woman
23898	the woman points to a water splash on the counter next to the sink after turning on the water at the sink .	who points to the water splash on the counter next to the sink after turning on the water at the sink ?	woman
23899	The woman then grabs a paper towel and wipes down the sink counter , the inside of the sink and the faucet spout .	who then grabs the paper towel and wipes down the sink counter , the inside of the sink and the faucet spout ?	woman
23899	The woman then grabs a paper towel and wipes down the sink counter , the inside of the sink and the faucet spout .	the woman then grabs what , the inside of the sink and the faucet spout ?	towel
23900	The woman then returns to talking to the camera .	who then returns to talking to the camera ?	woman
23901	A man hold a dish with food while talking , then , two girls run in the field were other people are walking .	who hold the dish with food while talking , then , two girls run in the field were other people are walking ?	man
23901	A man hold a dish with food while talking , then , two girls run in the field were other people are walking .	what do the man hold with food ?	dish
23901	A man hold a dish with food while talking , then , two girls run in the field were other people are walking .	how many girls do the man hold a dish with food while talking , then , run in the field were other people are walking ?	two
23905	People pass a small waterfall with choppy water , and then they go down the river .	what do people pass with choppy water , and then they go down the river ?	waterfall
23909	They hit the puck , pushing it forward .	who did they hit , ?	puck
23910	A man is seen close up standing on a field .	who is seen close up standing on the field ?	man
23911	A person then passes the man a ball to move up the field .	who does the person then pass ?	man
23914	Then , a man dry the car with clothes .	who do then , dry the car with clothes ?	man
23914	Then , a man dry the car with clothes .	what do then , the man dry with clothes ?	car
23915	Other cars are washed in a automatic car machine .	what are washed in the automatic car machine ?	cars
23915	Other cars are washed in a automatic car machine .	where are other cars washed . ?	machine
23916	After , people cleans the car with cloths inside and outside by hand .	what does after , people clean with cloths inside and outside by hand ?	car
23919	The kids continues to shine the shoes of another .	who continues to shine the shoes of another ?	kids
23920	A man is seen using a hammer and tool to knock off pieces of a roof .	who is seen using the hammer and tool to knock off pieces of a roof ?	man
23921	The man then lays a bar down and continues placing roof shingles on while the camera pans around .	who then lays the bar down and continues placing roof shingles on while the camera pans around ?	man
23921	The man then lays a bar down and continues placing roof shingles on while the camera pans around .	the man then lays what down ?	bar
23923	A woman bends down and puts something on a scale .	who bends down and puts something on a scale ?	woman
23925	A larger woman is seen sitting on a chair while a man wipes down her lip and puts a mark onto it .	who is seen sitting on the chair while a man wipes down her lip and puts a mark onto it ?	woman
23926	The woman lies down and the man puts a needle into her lip creating a piercing .	who lies down and the man puts a needle into her lip creating a piercing ?	woman
23926	The woman lies down and the man puts a needle into her lip creating a piercing .	who does the woman lie down and puts a needle into her lip creating a piercing ?	man
23926	The woman lies down and the man puts a needle into her lip creating a piercing .	what does the woman lie down and the man puts into her lip creating a piercing ?	needle
23927	The woman sits up and smiles while the man wipes down her lip and she continues speaking .	who sits up and smiles while the man wipes down her lip and she continues speaking ?	woman
23928	A woman is seen wiping down a mirror that leads into her standing behind a counter .	who is seen wiping down the mirror that leads into her standing behind a counter ?	woman
23929	She pours ingredients into a buckets , soaks the sponge in the bucket , then wipes down a mirror with a wiper .	what does she pour into a buckets ?	ingredients
23929	She pours ingredients into a buckets , soaks the sponge in the bucket , then wipes down a mirror with a wiper .	where does she soak the sponge . ?	bucket
23930	A person is seen riding along the water in a kayak while another man watches him on the side .	where is the person seen riding along the water while another man watches him on the side . ?	kayak
23934	A woman in a blue shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
23935	A woman in a black shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
23938	The divers march in single file on a dock to the water and pose with their diving gear on .	who march in single file on a dock to the water and pose with their diving gear on ?	divers
23939	The divers are under water performing different sunken vehicles and playing around and posing .	who are under water performing different sunken vehicles and playing around and posing ?	divers
23940	The divers are featured in some trick photography .	who are featured in some trick photography ?	divers
23941	The divers relax at a restaurant with their regular close on seated at a round picnic table .	who relax at the restaurant with their regular close on seated at a round picnic table ?	divers
23943	A woman does the backwards elliptical while smiling sometimes .	who does the backwards elliptical while smiling sometimes ?	woman
23947	The Brazilians follow up with a goal on a penalty kick , taken by an exuberant keeper .	who follow up with the goal on a penalty kick , taken by an exuberant keeper ?	brazilians
23953	A man is playing shuffleboard on a ship .	who is playing shuffleboard on the ship ?	man
23955	A man dips a rag into a black container .	who dips the rag into a black container ?	man
23955	A man dips a rag into a black container .	what did the man dip into a black container ?	rag
23955	A man dips a rag into a black container .	what is the color of the container ?	black
23958	We see three men on a boat in a lake .	how many men do we see on a boat in a lake ?	three
23959	The left man holds his nears near his chest .	who holds his nears near his chest ?	man
23960	A man acts weird and sprays himself .	who acts weird and sprays himself ?	man
23966	A man is outside with a lawn utensil and he begins cutting the yard .	who is outside with the lawn utensil and he begins cutting the yard ?	man
23967	He moves a knob and then continues to cut the grass and another woman is shown cutting the yard .	what does he move and another woman is shown cutting the yard ?	knob
23967	He moves a knob and then continues to cut the grass and another woman is shown cutting the yard .	he moves a knob and then continues and who is shown cutting the yard ?	woman
23968	Finally , the man comes back and shows how his the object works to cut the grass .	finally , who comes back and shows how his the object works to cut the grass ?	man
23971	A young child is seen standing on a stage with others and one begins dancing in the middle .	who is seen standing on the stage with others and one begins dancing in the middle ?	child
23972	The young boy then moves in the middle taking turns with others dancing around .	who then moves in the middle taking turns with others dancing around ?	boy
23973	Another man moves to the middle to dance while others watch on the side .	who moves to the middle to dance while others watch on the side ?	man
23977	A man is seen standing on a roof pushing pieces of debris up with a stick .	who is seen standing on the roof pushing pieces of debris up with a stick ?	man
23978	The man continues pushing the debris off the roof while digging deeper and deeper into the mess .	who continues pushing the debris off the roof while digging deeper and deeper into the mess ?	man
23981	After , the person tap again the the chest , put toothpaste on the brush and brush the dog 's teeth .	what do after , the person put on the brush ?	toothpaste
23981	After , the person tap again the the chest , put toothpaste on the brush and brush the dog 's teeth .	what do after , the person brush teeth ?	dog
23982	When the person finish to brush , she kiss the dog .	what does , she kiss ?	dog
23983	A woman is talking to the camera surrounded by alcohol bottles .	who is talking to the camera surrounded by alcohol bottles ?	woman
23984	The woman begins pouring different alcohols and lemon juice into a glass of ice .	who begins pouring different alcohols and lemon juice into a glass of ice ?	woman
23985	The woman shakes the drink mixture and strains it into another glass .	who shakes the drink mixture and strains it into another glass ?	woman
23985	The woman shakes the drink mixture and strains it into another glass .	what does the woman shake ?	mixture
23986	The woman puts a small straw into the drink and holds it up and smiles .	who puts the small straw into the drink and holds it up and smiles ?	woman
23987	A curler prepares to make a curling shot while being watch be other people in the arena .	what prepares to make the curling shot while being watch be other people in the arena ?	curler
23989	Another shot is made , and team members proceed to follow the shot and sweep the ice .	who is another shot made , and proceed to follow the shot and sweep the ice ?	members
23990	A third shot is then made and the curlers allow the shot to knock out another puck .	what is the third shot then made and allow the shot to knock out another puck ?	curlers
23991	A man wearing a black hat plays guitar for the camera to see .	who is wearing a black hat plays guitar for the camera to see ?	man
23991	A man wearing a black hat plays guitar for the camera to see .	the man wearing what plays guitar for the camera to see ?	hat
23991	A man wearing a black hat plays guitar for the camera to see .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
23993	A woman is recording a video of a little boy who is painting a fence .	who is recording the video of a little boy who is painting a fence ?	woman
23994	The camera pans to the rest of the backyard and fence .	what pans to the rest of the backyard and fence ?	camera
23995	Another little boy is painting the other end of the fence , and the camera goes up to him .	who is painting the other end of the fence , and the camera goes up to him ?	boy
23995	Another little boy is painting the other end of the fence , and the camera goes up to him .	what is another little boy painting the other end of the fence , and goes up to him ?	camera
23997	The video then shows the two boys working together to complete the final panel of the fencing .	who does the video then show working together to complete the final panel of the fencing ?	boys
23997	The video then shows the two boys working together to complete the final panel of the fencing .	how many boys does the video then show working together to complete the final panel of the fencing ?	two
23999	A woman is seen performing a jump off of a high dive and landing into a pool .	who is seen performing the jump off of a high dive and landing into a pool ?	woman
24001	A large fish is seen swimming under frozen water .	what is seen swimming under frozen water ?	fish
24002	A man creates a hole in the ice to catch the fish .	who creates the hole in the ice to catch the fish ?	man
24005	A man stands in a garage with two shovels .	who stands in the garage with two shovels ?	man
24007	The man stretches and puts on his winter clothes .	who stretches and puts on his winter clothes ?	man
24008	He sprays his shovel with nonstick spray and shovels his driveway .	what did he spray with nonstick spray and shovels his driveway ?	shovel
24009	The man lays down and had a hard time breathing .	who lays down and had the hard time breathing ?	man
24010	After putting down sand he drinks a warm beverage .	what is after putting down sand he drinks ?	beverage
24011	We see the ending credits screen .	what do we see ?	screen
24012	Several girls are outside in a large green field playing a game .	who are outside in the large green field playing a game ?	girls
24012	Several girls are outside in a large green field playing a game .	what is the color of the field ?	green
24013	The girl in front of the camera is dressed in a yellow shirt and black shorts hit the ball with the stick and begins jumping in the air .	what is the girl in front of the camera dressed in a yellow shirt and hit the ball with the stick and begins jumping in the air ?	shorts
24013	The girl in front of the camera is dressed in a yellow shirt and black shorts hit the ball with the stick and begins jumping in the air .	what is the girl in front of the camera dressed in a yellow shirt and black shorts hit with the stick and begins jumping in the air ?	ball
24013	The girl in front of the camera is dressed in a yellow shirt and black shorts hit the ball with the stick and begins jumping in the air .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
24013	The girl in front of the camera is dressed in a yellow shirt and black shorts hit the ball with the stick and begins jumping in the air .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
24015	The man then begins decorating the tree as well as others .	who then begins decorating the tree as well as others ?	man
24016	People continuously decorate the tree moving quickly around one another and end by presenting it to the camera .	what do people continuously decorate moving quickly around one another ?	tree
24017	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a bag of cookies as well as a plate .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a bag of cookies as well as a plate ?	woman
24018	Various ingredients are then see laid out in bowls .	what are then see laid out in bowls ?	ingredients
24019	The woman mixes all the ingredients together and squishes them into tiny balls to plate in the end .	who mixes all the ingredients together and squishes them into tiny balls to plate in the end ?	woman
24019	The woman mixes all the ingredients together and squishes them into tiny balls to plate in the end .	what does the woman mix together ?	ingredients
24020	Men are standing against the fence , the gates are up and a rider is waiting to start .	who are men standing against the fence , are up and a rider is waiting to start ?	gates
24021	Once the gate opens a little cow comes running out and the horse chases after .	what does come and chases after ?	horse
24022	The rider throws a rope at the cow trying to catch it and then jumps off the horse .	what does the rider throw at the cow trying to catch it ?	rope
24022	The rider throws a rope at the cow trying to catch it and then jumps off the horse .	what does the rider jump off ?	horse
24027	A young girl is inside a bathroom with her dad .	who is inside the bathroom with her dad ?	girl
24036	A man in a green uniform gives a high five to someone on the sidelines .	what is the color of the uniform ?	green
24037	A man falls down into the sand .	who falls down into the sand ?	man
24038	A young woman is seen holding onto a cat and smiling towards the camera .	who is seen holding onto the cat and smiling towards the camera ?	woman
24039	The cat begins to fuss around and the woman continues to smile .	what begins to fuss around and the woman continues to smile ?	cat
24039	The cat begins to fuss around and the woman continues to smile .	who does the cat begin and continues to smile ?	woman
24040	The woman then cuts the cats claws while the cat still moves around and she holds up the cat .	who then cuts the cats claws while the cat still moves around and she holds up the cat ?	woman
24041	Two people are sailing on boards out on a lake .	how many people are sailing on boards out on a lake ?	two
24042	One person is seen sailing on their board until they fall off the board and into the water .	how many person is seen sailing on their board until they fall off the board and into the water ?	one
24043	A group of men are wrapping boxes on a table .	what are the group of men wrapping on a table ?	boxes
24045	A man is getting very in depth on his wrapping and wraps the box tightly .	who is getting very in depth on his wrapping and wraps the box tightly ?	man
24046	Another man appears and grabs paper then walks away .	who appears and grabs paper then walks away ?	man
24047	The man wrapping finishes his box .	what finishes his box ?	wrapping
24047	The man wrapping finishes his box .	what does the man wrapping finish ?	box
24048	A young man wearing a hat is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a chart .	who is wearing a hat is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a chart ?	man
24048	A young man wearing a hat is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a chart .	the young man wearing what is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a chart ?	hat
24052	The man lifts up the carpet , then the person gives the man a carpet runner with nails while talking both men .	who lifts up the carpet , then the person gives the man a carpet runner with nails while talking both men ?	man
24052	The man lifts up the carpet , then the person gives the man a carpet runner with nails while talking both men .	what does the man lift up , then the person gives the man a carpet runner with nails while talking both men ?	carpet
24053	After , the man puts the carpet runner on the wood step and hummers the loosed nails .	after , who puts the carpet runner on the wood step and hummers the loosed nails ?	man
24053	After , the man puts the carpet runner on the wood step and hummers the loosed nails .	who does after , the man put on the wood step ?	runner
24054	Next , the man put on the carpet and uses a machine and a hammer to fix the loosed carpet .	next , who put on the carpet and uses a machine and a hammer to fix the loosed carpet ?	man
24055	A man is seen speaking to the camera while pointing to a bike frame and spinning around the tire .	who is seen speaking to the camera while pointing to a bike frame and spinning around the tire ?	man
24056	The man then uses tools to adjust the tire wheel and continues spinning it .	who then uses tools to adjust the tire wheel and continues spinning it ?	man
24058	A man is speaking , he had a china cabinet behind him filled with glass product .	who is speaking , he had a china cabinet behind him filled with glass product ?	man
24060	Then in another frying pan he adds some meat and cheese while his bread is toasting .	where does then he add some meat and cheese while his bread is toasting . ?	pan
24061	He then adds all the ingredients on the bread and cuts it in halves and begins to eat .	he then adds what on the bread and cuts it in halves ?	ingredients
24063	The girl begins decorating the tree while jumping up and down in place .	who begins decorating the tree while jumping up and down in place ?	girl
24065	A camera zooms in on a weight with a person standing nearby .	what zooms in on the weight with a person standing nearby ?	camera
24066	A woman is then standing with weights in her hands and doing lunges .	who is then standing with weights in her hands and doing lunges ?	woman
24067	A second woman comes in as well as a man doing various weight lifting moves .	who comes in as well as the man doing various weight lifting moves ?	woman
24069	The man throws the frisbee around with the dog while the animal brings it back .	who throws the frisbee around with the dog while the animal brings it back ?	man
24069	The man throws the frisbee around with the dog while the animal brings it back .	what does the man throw around with the dog ?	frisbee
24070	The man performs several more tricks with the dog using several frisbees .	who performs several more tricks with the dog using several frisbees ?	man
24074	A gymnast runs fast , then he jumps long in a stadium full of people .	who runs fast , then he jumps long in a stadium full of people ?	gymnast
24075	Two men walk holding javelins .	how many men walk holding javelins ?	two
24076	After , the gymnast jumps happily .	who does after , jump happily ?	gymnast
24078	A man is seen standing in a large room holding up a tennis racket .	who is seen standing in the large room holding up a tennis racket ?	man
24079	Two more people walk into frame and begin hitting the ball around the area .	how many more people walk into frame and begin hitting the ball around the area ?	two
24081	A man holding a racket stands in a squash court talking to the camera .	who is holding a racket stands in a squash court talking to the camera ?	man
24082	The man bounces and catches a blue ball .	who bounces and catches the blue ball ?	man
24082	The man bounces and catches a blue ball .	what does the man bounce and catches ?	ball
24082	The man bounces and catches a blue ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
24083	The man then hits the ball off the back wall and catches it .	who then hits the ball off the back wall and catches it ?	man
24083	The man then hits the ball off the back wall and catches it .	what does the man then hit off the back wall ?	ball
24084	The man then stands and talks to the camera .	who then stands and talks to the camera ?	man
24085	A woman is in a kitchen , talking .	who is in the kitchen , talking ?	woman
24087	She places meat and cheese on bread , then closes the sandwich .	what does she close ?	sandwich
24088	An older woman is seen talking to the camera and leads into her swinging back and fourth with another child .	who is seen talking to the camera and leads into her swinging back and fourth with another child ?	woman
24089	The child pushes the woman in a swing and continues playing with her on the swing set .	who pushes the woman in a swing and continues playing with her on the swing set ?	child
24090	Two people are seen performing a fencing match back and fourth while other people practice in the background .	how many people are seen performing the fencing match back and fourth while other people practice in the background ?	two
24094	A sweater hangs from a rack .	what hangs from the rack ?	sweater
24095	The sweater is shown from several angles as a vacuum is used to pick up hair and lint .	what is shown from several angles as a vacuum is used to pick up hair and lint ?	sweater
24096	A large building is seen with cars driving by and people walking around an arena .	what is seen with cars driving by and people walking around an arena ?	building
24099	A shirtless guy spins a ball attached to a pole .	who spins the ball attached to a pole ?	guy
24099	A shirtless guy spins a ball attached to a pole .	what does the shirtless guy spin attached to a pole ?	ball
24100	The guy lifts this item from the grass at the pole end .	who lifts this item from the grass at the pole end ?	guy
24101	The guy releases the item .	who releases the item ?	guy
24102	A guy moves away from the descending item .	who moves away from the descending item ?	guy
24104	A woman talks to the camera while a man stands beside her .	who talks to the camera while a man stands beside her ?	woman
24105	The man turns and walks away while the woman demonstrates the female perspective of the dance sequence by herself .	who turns and walks away while the woman demonstrates the female perspective of the dance sequence by herself ?	man
24106	The man rejoins the woman and talks to the camera while demonstrating the sequence of steps from the male perspective .	who rejoins the woman and talks to the camera while demonstrating the sequence of steps from the male perspective ?	man
24108	A male mows a lawn using a red riding mower .	the male mows a lawn using riding what ?	mower
24108	A male mows a lawn using a red riding mower .	what is the color of the mower ?	red
24109	A man whips grass of his foot .	who whips grass of his foot ?	man
24110	A large , black dog runs across the lawn .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
24111	The man stops and reverses the riding mower .	who stops and reverses the riding mower ?	man
24111	The man stops and reverses the riding mower .	what does the man stop and reverses riding ?	mower
24112	The man rubs his ear .	who rubs his ear ?	man
24113	A man is seen beginning to climb up a rock wall while looking back and speaking to the camera .	who is seen beginning to climb up the rock wall while looking back and speaking to the camera ?	man
24116	Inside a gym , two men hold two jump ropes .	what do inside the gym , two men hold ?	ropes
24116	Inside a gym , two men hold two jump ropes .	how many men do inside the gym , hold two jump ropes ?	two
24117	A guy in a ponytail jumps the jump ropes with hand stands .	what does the guy in a ponytail jump with hand stands ?	ropes
24118	A man in a black shirt watches .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
24121	The last time she falls , the camera rewinds and shows her falling backwards .	the last time , what rewinds and shows her falling backwards ?	camera
24124	At one point , he is holding a camera while falling in .	what is at one point , he holding while falling in ?	camera
24127	A little boy shines the shoes of a person using black shoe polish and make shine with a brush and a cloth .	who shines the shoes of a person using black shoe polish and make shine with a brush and a cloth ?	boy
24127	A little boy shines the shoes of a person using black shoe polish and make shine with a brush and a cloth .	what is the color of the shoe ?	black
24128	Then , the man pays the little boy .	who does then , pay the little boy ?	man
24128	Then , the man pays the little boy .	who does then , the man pay ?	boy
24129	A boy cleans the tennis shows of a person putting white painting .	who cleans the tennis shows of a person putting white painting ?	boy
24129	A boy cleans the tennis shows of a person putting white painting .	what is the color of the painting ?	white
24130	A man is playing a flute in front of a microphone .	who is playing the flute in front of a microphone ?	man
24130	A man is playing a flute in front of a microphone .	what is the man playing in front of a microphone ?	flute
24133	One man is playing drums while the others are on flute and guitar .	who is playing drums while the others are on flute and guitar ?	man
24133	One man is playing drums while the others are on flute and guitar .	what is one man playing ?	drums
24133	One man is playing drums while the others are on flute and guitar .	how many man is playing drums while the others are on flute and guitar ?	one
24136	While it is there , a boy is wrapped up in a bandanna and he is holding the stick on the left side of the pinata .	who is , wrapped up in the bandanna and he is holding the stick on the left side of the pinata ?	boy
24136	While it is there , a boy is wrapped up in a bandanna and he is holding the stick on the left side of the pinata .	what is , the boy wrapped up in a bandanna and he is holding on the left side of the pinata ?	stick
24136	While it is there , a boy is wrapped up in a bandanna and he is holding the stick on the left side of the pinata .	where is while it , a boy is wrapped up and he is holding the stick on the left side of the pinata . ?	bandanna
24139	A woman in a blue shirt is holding a lacrosse stick .	what is the woman in a blue shirt holding ?	stick
24139	A woman in a blue shirt is holding a lacrosse stick .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
24141	A man in a black shirt is standing in a salon .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
24141	A man in a black shirt is standing in a salon .	where is the man in a black shirt standing . ?	salon
24143	He towels off the man 's face .	who did he towel off face ?	man
24144	A father and daughter are playing hop scotch on their tiled porch .	what are the father and daughter playing hop on their tiled porch ?	scotch
24145	The girl is wearing a blue sleeveless shirt and shorts and the father is wearing a gray shirt and shorts .	who is wearing the blue sleeveless shirt and shorts and the father is wearing a gray shirt and shorts ?	girl
24145	The girl is wearing a blue sleeveless shirt and shorts and the father is wearing a gray shirt and shorts .	who is the girl wearing a blue sleeveless shirt and shorts and is wearing a gray shirt and shorts ?	father
24145	The girl is wearing a blue sleeveless shirt and shorts and the father is wearing a gray shirt and shorts .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
24145	The girl is wearing a blue sleeveless shirt and shorts and the father is wearing a gray shirt and shorts .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
24147	Then she little girl is joined by her mother who begins hopping on the squares .	who is then joined by her mother who begins hopping on the squares ?	girl
24149	then the girl begins to hop and jump across the squares .	who does then begin to hop and jump across the squares ?	girl
24154	Lastly , they put the skirt under the tree and end the video with a kiss .	what did lastly , they put under the tree ?	skirt
24155	There are two boys playing squash in an indoor squash court .	who are there playing squash in an indoor squash court ?	boys
24155	There are two boys playing squash in an indoor squash court .	how many boys are there playing squash in an indoor squash court ?	two
24157	A man is seen standing at the bottom of a hole while a man records him .	who is seen standing at the bottom of a hole while a man records him ?	man
24158	Two men are seen climbing along the hill and looking up to the camera .	how many men are seen climbing along the hill and looking up to the camera ?	two
24159	One man pulls the other out and climbs down while they and others speak to the camera .	who pulls the other out and climbs down while they and others speak to the camera ?	man
24159	One man pulls the other out and climbs down while they and others speak to the camera .	how many man pulls the other out and climbs down while they and others speak to the camera ?	one
24160	A bike stands on a bumpy unpaved road .	what stands on the bumpy unpaved road ?	bicycle
24161	People rides bikes very fast in the road and giving high jumps when passing the bumpy part of the road .	people rides what very fast in the road and giving high jumps when passing the bumpy part of the road ?	bicycles
24163	man is standing in a large field wlking and practicing a shot put .	who is standing in the large field wlking and practicing a shot put ?	man
24164	man wearing red shirt is standing on a side .	who is wearing red shirt is standing on a side ?	man
24164	man wearing red shirt is standing on a side .	man wearing what is standing on a side ?	shirt
24164	man wearing red shirt is standing on a side .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
24165	men are pacticing in a large green grassy field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
24166	A man is standing next to a bicycle .	who is standing next to the bicycle ?	man
24168	He grabs an air pump and attaches it to the tire .	what does he grab ?	pump
24169	He pumps the tire with air .	what did he pump with air ?	tire
24171	A dog is being bathed by a woman .	what is being bathed by the woman ?	dog
24172	The woman is spraying water on the small dog with a hose .	who is spraying water on the small dog with a hose ?	woman
24173	She is now blow drying the dog .	she is now blow drying what ?	dog
24174	The dog is placed in the kennel next to a woman 's feet .	what is placed in the kennel next to a woman 's feet ?	dog
24175	A dog plays behind and with the groomed dog .	what plays behind and with the groomed dog ?	dog
24176	The dog now is getting a haircut .	what now is getting the haircut ?	dog
24177	Intro screen appears and includes an illustration of a man wiping the floor with a mop in a bathroom , a brand name and some other words .	what appears and includes an illustration of a man wiping the floor with a mop in a bathroom , a brand name and some other words ?	screen
24178	A white screen appears and it displays the logo brand , different pictures of the mop sleeves and numbers next to it .	what appears and it displays the logo brand , different pictures of the mop sleeves and numbers next to it ?	screen
24178	A white screen appears and it displays the logo brand , different pictures of the mop sleeves and numbers next to it .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
24179	A man is acting as a dj with headphones on .	who is acting as the dj with headphones on ?	man
24180	Another man takes off on a pair of water skis .	who takes off on the pair of water skis ?	man
24183	A man with a orange shirt and blue gloves is shown operating a fire torch machine .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
24183	A man with a orange shirt and blue gloves is shown operating a fire torch machine .	what is the color of the gloves ?	blue
24184	Two more people are shown and and a close up is pictured .	how many more people are shown ?	two
24185	Lastly , the camera pans out on a man standing up torching away at a machine .	what does lastly , pan out on the man standing up torching away at a machine ?	camera
24186	A little boy is sitting on the floor , touching a vacuum cleaner and talking .	who is sitting on the floor , touching a vacuum cleaner and talking ?	boy
24189	A man is standing up in a red row boat .	who is standing up in the red row boat ?	man
24189	A man is standing up in a red row boat .	what is the color of the boat ?	red
24189	A man is standing up in a red row boat .	where is the man standing up . ?	boat
24190	A boat flips over and the camera goes into the water .	what flips over and the camera goes into the water ?	boat
24190	A boat flips over and the camera goes into the water .	what does the boat flip over and goes into the water ?	camera
24191	Two people standing on a dock lift their boat out of the water .	what are two people standing on a dock lift out of the water ?	boat
24191	Two people standing on a dock lift their boat out of the water .	how many people is standing on a dock lift their boat out of the water ?	two
24192	We see two opening title screens .	what do we see ?	screens
24192	We see two opening title screens .	how many opening title screens do we see ?	two
24194	The man plays the drums on the left side primarily .	who plays the drums on the left side primarily ?	man
24195	The man pauses while playing .	who pauses while playing ?	man
24196	The man hits a few drums then stops .	who hits the few drums then stops ?	man
24197	A man is holding two extremely dirty high heeled women 's shoes .	who is holding two extremely dirty high heeled women 's shoes ?	man
24197	A man is holding two extremely dirty high heeled women 's shoes .	the man is holding two extremely dirty high heeled who shoes ?	women
24197	A man is holding two extremely dirty high heeled women 's shoes .	how many extremely dirty high is the man holding heeled women 's shoes ?	two
24198	He uses a ruler to scrape off the dried dirt .	who does he use ?	ruler
24199	He then uses a brush to polish up the suede material before spraying a white substance onto the shoe .	what is the color of the substance ?	white
24200	He scrapes it clean , then applies a new sole and spike to the heel .	he then applies what ?	sole
24201	He shows off the renovator can .	what does he show off ?	can
24205	Boats are going through the water .	what are going through the water ?	boats
24207	The boats continue to go through the water .	what continue to go through the water ?	boats
24209	He puts a dissolving tablet into a glass of water .	what does he put into a glass of water ?	tablet
24211	A large group of boys paddle around on a lake in red canoes .	what is the color of the canoes ?	red
24213	Two boys on a canoe back paddle to get away from the reeds on the edge on the lake .	how many boys on a canoe back paddle to get away from the reeds on the edge on the lake ?	two
24216	A young man is seen standing before a lawn mower and looking at the camera .	who is seen standing before the lawn mower and looking at the camera ?	man
24217	The boy then pulls a string on the lawn mower .	who then pulls the string on the lawn mower ?	boy
24219	We see a man putting items in his car .	who do we see putting items in his car ?	man
24220	The man gets in the car and drives down the street .	who gets in the car and drives down the street ?	man
24220	The man gets in the car and drives down the street .	where does the man get . ?	car
24222	We see two men outdoors at night then day .	how many men outdoors do we see at night then day ?	two
24226	A man drills holes in a wall .	who drills holes in a wall ?	man
24226	A man drills holes in a wall .	where does the man drill holes . ?	wall
24227	We see a man fall repeatedly .	who do we see repeatedly ?	fall
24228	We see three men in a boat on a river .	how many men do we see in a boat on a river ?	three
24229	peolpe are running in street under a bridge .	where are peolpe running . ?	street
24231	The screen shows the words Shot Put Men .	what shows the words shot put men ?	screen
24232	Kurt Roberts , in a yellow top , throws the ball and a man rushes to measure the throw .	what is the color of the top ?	yellow
24234	Reese Hoffa steps up and throws the ball and a man rushes to measure the throw .	what does reese hoffa throw and a man rushes to measure the throw ?	ball
24234	Reese Hoffa steps up and throws the ball and a man rushes to measure the throw .	reese hoffa steps up and throws the ball and who rushes to measure the throw ?	man
24235	Reese adjusts his shirt and waits for his score .	what does reese adjust ?	shirt
24241	A man is riding a pair of water skis while attached to a boat .	who is riding the pair of water skis while attached to a boat ?	man
24247	A man is seen speaking to the camera while showing a plate of food and pouring out ingredients onto a plate .	who is seen speaking to the camera while showing a plate of food and pouring out ingredients onto a plate ?	man
24249	The Department of Transportation demonstrates ice and snow safety tips with a white car covered in snow .	what is the color of the car ?	white
24250	A lady in a red winter jacket places the keys in the ignition and starts the car .	what does the lady in a red winter jacket place in the ignition ?	keys
24250	A lady in a red winter jacket places the keys in the ignition and starts the car .	what does the lady in a red winter jacket start ?	car
24250	A lady in a red winter jacket places the keys in the ignition and starts the car .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
24251	A man is on the floor with some gadget looking at it and messing around with it .	who is on the floor with some gadget looking at it and messing around with it ?	man
24252	He puts a hose in one sde of it and starts ro mess around with it some more .	what does he put in one sde of it ?	hose
24254	He moves it down more and pushing the carpet down , he does this to basically the entire room .	what does he move it down more and pushing down , he does this to basically the entire room ?	carpet
24255	A wall is painted by two men .	what is painted by two men ?	wall
24256	They then hang up wall decorations that are wallpaperlike in appearance .	what do they then hang up ?	decorations
24265	A young man talks while showing a saxophone .	who talks while showing the saxophone ?	man
24266	The young man points the keys of the saxophone while talking .	who points the keys of the saxophone while talking ?	man
24267	Then , the young man fasten the saxophone with a blue ribbon on his neck .	who do then , fasten the saxophone with a blue ribbon on his neck ?	man
24267	Then , the young man fasten the saxophone with a blue ribbon on his neck .	what do then , the young man fasten with a blue ribbon on his neck ?	saxophone
24267	Then , the young man fasten the saxophone with a blue ribbon on his neck .	what is the color of the ribbon ?	blue
24269	A hair stylist explains how to cut a mans haircut .	who explains how to cut the mans haircut ?	stylist
24270	The hair stylist then uses a hair blower dryer to fluff up the hair using her fingers .	who then uses the hair blower dryer to fluff up the hair using her fingers ?	stylist
24271	The hair stylist then uses only her fingers to fluff up the hair .	who then uses only her fingers to fluff up the hair ?	stylist
24278	A woman introduces her home decor video , standing next to a chair .	who introduces her home decor video , standing next to a chair ?	woman
24278	A woman introduces her home decor video , standing next to a chair .	what does the woman introduce , ?	video
24280	Next , she applies a silver paint to the chair .	what does next , she apply to the chair ?	paint
24281	She then dips her brush in a blue paint to cover the chair 's seat , back , and then arms/legs .	what is the color of the paint ?	blue
24281	She then dips her brush in a blue paint to cover the chair 's seat , back , and then arms/legs .	where does she dip her brush to cover the chair 's seat , back . ?	paint
24282	Lastly , she places stencils on the chair and paints the insides white to decorate .	what does lastly , she place on the chair ?	stencils
24283	men are sitting in a black jack table in a casino and the dealer is spreading the cards to players .	who are men sitting in a black jack table in a casino and is spreading the cards to players ?	dealer
24283	men are sitting in a black jack table in a casino and the dealer is spreading the cards to players .	what is the color of the table ?	black
24284	man is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	man
24285	the dealer woman is standing talking in front of the camera .	who is standing talking in front of the camera ?	woman
24286	man is standing in front of slot machine talking to the camera .	who is standing in front of slot machine talking to the camera ?	man
24290	A man speaks to camera in front of bicycles .	who speaks to camera in front of bicycles ?	man
24291	The man places a part on a bicycle being worked on .	who places the part on a bicycle being worked on ?	man
24292	The man tightens the part on the bicycle .	who tightens the part on the bicycle ?	man
24293	The boys are solving the rubik 's cube one is blind folded , one is solving it with one hand , others are solving with with both hands .	who are solving the rubik 's cube one is blind folded , one is solving it with one hand , others are solving with with both hands ?	boys
24293	The boys are solving the rubik 's cube one is blind folded , one is solving it with one hand , others are solving with with both hands .	what are the boys solving , one is solving it with one hand , others are solving with with both hands ?	cube
24294	Black and yellow tokens slides on the floor while people holding sticks arrange the tokens on a painted triangle .	what is the color of the tokens ?	yellow
24295	Toddlers walk on the sidewalk and cross the road stepping on the tokens .	who walk on the sidewalk and cross the road stepping on the tokens ?	toddlers
24295	Toddlers walk on the sidewalk and cross the road stepping on the tokens .	what do toddlers cross ?	road
24297	Then , the man paints a roof with black paint .	who did then , paint the roof with black paint ?	man
24297	Then , the man paints a roof with black paint .	what did then , the man paint with black paint ?	roof
24297	Then , the man paints a roof with black paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	black
24298	Two teams plays throwing balls to hit an opponent .	how many teams plays throwing balls to hit an opponent ?	two
24299	Two boys advance to the center and throw the balls , then they return to his place .	who advance to the center and throw the balls , then they return to his place ?	boys
24299	Two boys advance to the center and throw the balls , then they return to his place .	what do two boys throw , then they return to his place ?	balls
24299	Two boys advance to the center and throw the balls , then they return to his place .	how many boys advance to the center and throw the balls ?	two
24300	After , the other team advance throwing balls and hit one player wearing purple t-shirt .	after , the other team advance and hit one player wearing what ?	t-shirt
24300	After , the other team advance throwing balls and hit one player wearing purple t-shirt .	how many player did after , the other team hit wearing purple t-shirt ?	one
24300	After , the other team advance throwing balls and hit one player wearing purple t-shirt .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	purple
24302	People handle balls to players , then they go to the center to hit other team with the balls .	what do people handle to players , then they go to the center to hit other team with the balls ?	balls
24303	A young woman is seen performing several martial arts moves in the middle of a large mat .	who is seen performing several martial arts moves in the middle of a large mat ?	woman
24304	The girl continues moving around and then leads into her fighting a boy .	who continues moving around and then leads into her fighting a boy ?	girl
24306	A man performs martial arts fighting with people in a film , then a big door close and a woman helps the man fight .	who performs martial arts fighting with people in a film , then a big door close and a woman helps the man fight ?	man
24306	A man performs martial arts fighting with people in a film , then a big door close and a woman helps the man fight .	who does the man perform martial arts fighting with people in a film , then a big door close and a woman helps ?	fight
24307	The man and the woman are on front a river fighting , and then hung his legs from a tree .	what are the man and the woman on front ?	fighting
24308	Cannons fires a home and a village , after an army fight in a field and cannons destroy homes in a village .	what fires the home and a village , after an army fight in a field and cannons destroy homes in a village ?	cannons
24309	A man gives to the man a big gold coin , after the man fights with people .	who gives to the man a big gold coin , after the man fights with people ?	man
24310	A little girl is crossing the monkey bars .	who is crossing the monkey bars ?	girl
24310	A little girl is crossing the monkey bars .	what is the little girl crossing ?	bars
24314	Another man is running down a mat in the background .	who is running down the mat in the background ?	man
24316	Young man runs and hugs what looks to be his coach .	who runs and hugs what looks to be his coach ?	man
24321	Two people are seen standing around a gym hitting a birdie to one another .	how many people are seen standing around the gym hitting a birdie to one another ?	two
24323	The people continue to watch the two play and one off the side takes his shirt off .	how many play do the people continue to watch ?	two
24324	two sumos are on sides of a ring and the refeee is in the middle while people is in sands sitting arpund them watching them .	how many sumos are on sides of a ring ?	two
24326	A boy is helping his father push a mower .	who is helping his father push a mower ?	boy
24331	A graphic is seen with logo title .	what is seen with logo title ?	graphic
24332	A Google map shows different city locations .	what shows different city locations ?	map
24334	The men receive gear from a rental shop including clothes and weapons .	what do the men receive from a rental shop including clothes and weapons ?	gear
24335	The two teams walk in a line together entering the course to play .	how many teams walk in the line together entering the course to play ?	two
24336	The men fill their gun hoppers with ammo .	what do the men fill with ammo ?	hoppers
24337	The teammates navigate through a course with inflatable obstacles aiming for opponents .	who navigate through the course with inflatable obstacles aiming for opponents ?	teammates
24338	A man is hit in the face mask to end the game .	who is hit in the face mask to end the game ?	man
24339	A man is seated while playing the drums , with a woman instructing him standing next to him .	who is seated while playing the drums , with a woman instructing him standing next to him ?	man
24340	He hits the drums back and forth as they talk .	what does he hit back and forth ?	drums
24344	A man is seen taking all the parts of a bicycle out of a box .	who is seen taking all the parts of a bicycle out of a box ?	man
24346	A tree is seen by the side of a road .	what is seen by the side of a road ?	tree
24347	A man shows how to mulch around the bottom of the tree .	who shows how to mulch around the bottom of the tree ?	man
24349	A girl plays with her braided pony tail .	who plays with her braided pony tail ?	girl
24350	The girl twists her hair together in two sections .	who twists her hair together in two sections ?	girl
24351	The girl braids the end of the twisted hair .	who braids the end of the twisted hair ?	girl
24352	The girl separates the braids and loosens them .	who separates the braids and loosens them ?	girl
24353	The girl pulls the braids up her hair to make them more fluffy .	who pulls the braids up her hair to make them more fluffy ?	girl
24354	The girl uses a flat iron on her hair .	who uses the flat iron on her hair ?	girl
24355	The girl holds two dogs and dances .	who holds two dogs and dances ?	girl
24356	A text graphic is seen with a title and description .	what is seen with the title and description ?	graphic
24357	A man stands on a roof and drills pieces of wood down .	who stands on the roof and drills pieces of wood down ?	man
24360	The man uses the objects to capture a fish and zooms in on a hole .	who uses the objects to capture a fish and zooms in on a hole ?	man
24361	They finally pack up a tent and carry it with them as they drive along .	what do they finally pack up ?	tent
24362	A camera pans away from a sign and leads into people pushing material around a floor .	what pans away from the sign and leads into people pushing material around a floor ?	camera
24363	A bend bends down around a floor and pushes the material around the room .	what bends down around the floor and pushes the material around the room ?	bend
24364	In the end the camera pans around the finished floor .	what does in the end pan around the finished floor ?	camera
24365	A woman chops wood on a block with an ax .	who chops wood on a block with an ax ?	woman
24368	The first girl comes back and continues trying to pull the ax out of the wood .	who comes back and continues trying to pull the ax out of the wood ?	girl
24369	People are grooming and brushing dogs in a public facility .	where are people grooming and brushing dogs . ?	facility
24371	A woman take cares of a poodle , while other woman pets a big dog .	who take cares of a poodle , while other woman pets a big dog ?	woman
24372	A woman talks on front a dog while petting .	who talks on front a dog while petting ?	woman
24373	A man spraying a fence grey using a powerful spray gun .	who is spraying a fence grey using a powerful spray gun ?	man
24375	The man spraying sprays up and down making good time .	who is spraying sprays up and down making good time ?	man
24377	A man is seen kneeling on the floor while holding an iron in his hands .	who is seen kneeling on the floor while holding an iron in his hands ?	man
24381	He is playing two drums in front of him .	how many drums is he playing in front of him ?	two
24383	A boy serves a tennis ball .	who serves the tennis ball ?	boy
24383	A boy serves a tennis ball .	what does the boy serve ?	ball
24385	The boy turns and walks away .	who turns and walks away ?	boy
24386	A teen talks and hold a leash of a dog while a young man pets a dog on a couch .	who talks and hold the leash of a dog while a young man pets a dog on a couch ?	teen
24387	Then , the teen runs with the dog were other youth play frisbee , after the teen talks .	what were then , the teen runs with the dog , after the teen talks ?	frisbee
24388	A woman reads a book lean on a dispenser soda machine .	who reads the book lean on a dispenser soda machine ?	woman
24389	A man walks a dog in a parking lot and the street .	who walks the dog in a parking lot and the street ?	man
24389	A man walks a dog in a parking lot and the street .	where does the man walk a dog . ?	street
24391	a boy is sitting in front of a timer on a computer monitor .	who is sitting in front of a timer on a computer monitor ?	boy
24399	A young man is seen sitting behind a drum set holding sticks .	who is seen sitting behind the drum set holding sticks ?	man
24400	The man begins playing the drums continuously while the camera captures his movements .	who begins playing the drums continuously while the camera captures his movements ?	man
24402	A toddler hits a pinata with a bat while it is spinning .	who hits the pinata with a bat while it is spinning ?	toddler
24402	A toddler hits a pinata with a bat while it is spinning .	what does the toddler hit with a bat ?	pinata
24404	The scene says River Scum with a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
24405	A kayak is going down a river while a person is paddling .	what is going down the river while a person is paddling ?	kayak
24406	A screen comes with words .	what comes with words ?	screen
24407	A small group of people are seen sitting in a raft with close ups of their feet and paddles are shown .	what are the small group of people seen and are shown ?	paddles
24408	A man speaks to the group and leads into them paddling down a river .	who speaks to the group and leads into them paddling down a river ?	man
24411	A girl is jumping rope as people are watching .	who is jumping rope as people are watching ?	girl
24411	A girl is jumping rope as people are watching .	what is the girl jumping ?	rope
24414	A man is holding an ax in the forest .	who is holding an ax in the forest ?	man
24415	He is talking and adjusting a large stump .	what is he talking and adjusting ?	stump
24416	He uses the ax to split the wood .	what does he use ?	ax
24417	We see a lady bouncing on a slack line .	who do we see bouncing on a slack line ?	lady
24418	The lady sits on her knees .	who sits on her knees ?	lady
24420	The lady falls of the slack line .	who falls of the slack line ?	lady
24421	We see a man bouncing on the slack line .	who do we see bouncing on the slack line ?	man
24423	The lady jumps off the slack line and gets back on .	who jumps off the slack line and gets back on ?	lady
24424	The lady spins while bouncing .	who spins while bouncing ?	lady
24425	The lady jumps off then is back on .	who off then is back on ?	jumps
24428	The man starts playing saxophone along with him .	who starts playing saxophone along with him ?	man
24430	A man is seen jumping up and down on a pair of stilts while a few others move around on stilts with help .	who is seen jumping up and down on the pair of stilts while a few others move around on stilts with help ?	man
24432	A man is seen laying on the ground holding onto his stomach .	who is seen laying on the ground holding onto his stomach ?	man
24435	A close up of a person holding a bag is shown and follows with the person taking out the items .	the close up of a person holding what is shown and follows with the person taking out the items ?	bag
24437	He finally rubs the ski again and places the cap on the bar .	what did he finally rub again ?	ski
24437	He finally rubs the ski again and places the cap on the bar .	what does he finally place on the bar ?	cap
24438	A man chops a large notch into a lox with an ax .	who chops the large notch into a lox with an ax ?	man
24438	A man chops a large notch into a lox with an ax .	what did the man chop into a lox with an ax ?	notch
24439	The man uses his gloved hand to brush away splintered wood from the log .	who uses his gloved hand to brush away splintered wood from the log ?	man
24441	The woman continues performing tricks with the dog and end by walking to the camera .	who continues performing tricks with the dog and end by walking to the camera ?	woman
24442	A camera pans around glasses of lemonade followed by a person squeezing juice out of lemons .	what pans around glasses of lemonade followed by a person squeezing juice out of lemons ?	camera
24443	The person mixes various ingredients together into a bowl and pours it into a glass .	what does the person mix together into a bowl ?	ingredients
24446	A girl riding a white horse fails to make her horse do jumps around a track .	who is riding a white horse fails to make her horse do jumps around a track ?	girl
24446	A girl riding a white horse fails to make her horse do jumps around a track .	the girl riding what fails to make her horse do jumps around a track ?	horse
24446	A girl riding a white horse fails to make her horse do jumps around a track .	what is the color of the horse ?	white
24448	A black screen with three rows of Arabic writing is shown .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
24449	A young girl then comes into the bathroom and begins to wash her hands .	who then comes into the bathroom and begins to wash her hands ?	girl
24451	The camera pans back to show a hotel with red lanterns in the air and crows of people standing and looking out over the beach .	what pans back to show the hotel with red lanterns in the air and crows of people standing and looking out over the beach ?	camera
24451	The camera pans back to show a hotel with red lanterns in the air and crows of people standing and looking out over the beach .	what is the color of the lanterns ?	red
24452	A man rides a jetski in front of a large wave of dirty water .	who rides the jetski in front of a large wave of dirty water ?	man
24453	A sailboat is being swayed by a large wave .	what is being swayed by the large wave ?	sailboat
24454	A lady is surfing on a large wave as a boat rides next to her filming it .	who is surfing on the large wave as a boat rides next to her filming it ?	lady
24457	A man does a handstand on a surfboard while surfing .	who does the handstand on a surfboard while surfing ?	man
24458	A kneeing man runs a small grass cutter over the surface of the lawn .	who runs the small grass cutter over the surface of the lawn ?	man
24458	A kneeing man runs a small grass cutter over the surface of the lawn .	who does the kneeing man run over the surface of the lawn ?	cutter
24459	The man mows the shaded green grass .	who mows the shaded green grass ?	man
24459	The man mows the shaded green grass .	what does the man mow ?	grass
24459	The man mows the shaded green grass .	what is the color of the grass ?	green
24460	The man mows the sun lit grass .	who mows the sun lit grass ?	man
24461	A man 's hands are shown at a table .	who hands are shown at a table ?	man
24462	He places a cardboard box over wrapping paper .	what does he place over wrapping paper ?	box
24464	He tapes the wrapping paper around the box .	what did he tap around the box ?	paper
24465	The man ties a bow around the box as the camera slows down the motion .	who ties the bow around the box as the camera slows down the motion ?	man
24465	The man ties a bow around the box as the camera slows down the motion .	what does the man tie around the box ?	bow
24466	He cuts the excess bow away , and we see a sticker with a woman 's face .	what does he cut away , and we see a sticker with a woman 's face ?	bow
24467	A woman is throwing darts at a dart board .	who is throwing darts at a dart board ?	woman
24468	The dart board is shown on the wall .	what is shown on the wall ?	board
24471	A man cuts the center of a log with an ax while standing on the log .	who cuts the center of a log with an ax while standing on the log ?	man
24472	The man stands on the log holding the ax with the right hand .	who stands on the log holding the ax with the right hand ?	man
24473	Then , the man continues cutting the log .	who does then , continue cutting the log ?	man
24474	After , two people walk on front the man , and one takes loosed wood from the log .	how many people walk on front the man ?	two
24475	A dog groomer brushes the coat of a dog with a brush that is sitting on a table .	what brushes the coat of a dog with a brush that is sitting on a table ?	dog
24479	We see a swiftly-moving , white water stream .	what is the color of the stream ?	white
24480	A man in blue rafting equipment and a helmet is watching from a bed of rocks .	what is the color of the equipment ?	blue
24481	We notice a man in a kayak and a yellow helmet coming in from the left .	what is the color of the helmet ?	yellow
24482	As he approaches , his kayak flips upside-down .	what does , flip upside-down ?	kayak
24483	As the view follows him , we notice another man seated on the rocks to the right in red with a white helmet .	who do , we notice seated on the rocks to the right in red with a white helmet ?	man
24483	As the view follows him , we notice another man seated on the rocks to the right in red with a white helmet .	what is the color of the helmet ?	white
24485	The man controls the machine along the water doing jumps and tricks and speaking to the camera .	who controls the machine along the water doing jumps and tricks and speaking to the camera ?	man
24486	A fire place in a room is shown .	where is the fire place shown . ?	room
24488	A hardwood flooring in a house is shown .	where is the hardwood flooring shown . ?	house
24489	There are paint cans sitting on the floor .	what are there sitting on the floor ?	cans
24490	A woman puts her hands down on a table with some wash cloths to get a manicure .	who puts her hands down on a table with some wash cloths to get a manicure ?	woman
24491	The manicurist puts some glass clear nail polish on her nails and then picks up a little bag of red glitter .	who puts some glass clear nail polish on her nails and then picks up a little bag of red glitter ?	manicurist
24491	The manicurist puts some glass clear nail polish on her nails and then picks up a little bag of red glitter .	what is the color of the glitter ?	red
24492	The manicurist starts to put little fun decorations to make the nail look pretty .	who starts to put little fun decorations to make the nail look pretty ?	manicurist
24494	A large crowd of girls walk into frame holding bars then put the bars down on the ground .	the large crowd of girls walk into frame holding bars then put what down on the ground ?	bars
24495	The girls then perform a dance routine moving the bars all around and end with them holding a pose and walking off stage .	who then perform the dance routine moving the bars all around and end with them holding a pose and walking off stage ?	girls
24497	The individual sets aside the shoe and turns over the other shoe .	what does the individual set aside ?	shoe
24498	The individual uses the thin implement to dig between the patterns of the shoe bottom .	what does the individual use ?	implement
24499	A woman untie a pair of shoes until half and raise the tongues .	who untie the pair of shoes until half and raise the tongues ?	woman
24500	Then , the woman put on a foot and tie the shoe behind the tongue .	then , who put on the foot and tie the shoe behind the tongue ?	woman
24500	Then , the woman put on a foot and tie the shoe behind the tongue .	then , the woman tie what behind the tongue ?	shoe
24501	Then , the person put the other feet and tie the shoe , then she puts the tongues up .	what do then , the person tie , then she puts the tongues up ?	shoe
24502	The woman talks and shows her shoes and skinny pants .	who talks and shows her shoes and skinny pants ?	woman
24503	A woman is seen stepping into a pit with a large man and then begins running around one another .	who is seen stepping into the pit with a large man and then begins running around one another ?	woman
24504	The woman then climbs on top of the man while he spins her around and she gets him in a head lock .	who then climbs on top of the man while he spins her around and she gets him in a head lock ?	woman
24504	The woman then climbs on top of the man while he spins her around and she gets him in a head lock .	where does the woman then climb on top of the man while he spins her around and she gets him . ?	lock
24505	The two bow to one another and the woman stands next to the host shaking his hands .	how many bow to one another and the woman stands next to the host shaking his hands ?	two
24511	A man is then seen singing into a microphone while still playing the guitar .	who is then seen singing into the microphone while still playing the guitar ?	man
24512	The man moves his fingers up and down the guitar while still singing into the microphone .	who moves his fingers up and down the guitar while still singing into the microphone ?	man
24517	He scrubs the sink with the brush creating suds in the water while the facet runs .	what does he scrub with the brush creating suds in the water while the facet runs ?	sink
24520	A guy is outside playing a guitar .	who is outside playing the guitar ?	guy
24521	A boy rides a scooter .	who rides the scooter ?	boy
24521	A boy rides a scooter .	what does the boy rid ?	scooter
24522	A child slides down a slide .	who slides down the slide ?	child
24524	The boy walks towards the line .	who walks towards the line ?	boy
24525	A lady wearing a UCA jersey is giving a tutorial on the different moves of cheer leading .	who is wearing a uca jersey is giving a tutorial on the different moves of cheer leading ?	lady
24526	As she talks , several cheerleaders show the different poses and stretches that are often done by cheerleaders to improve flexibility .	who do , show the different poses and stretches that are often done by cheerleaders to improve flexibility ?	cheerleaders
24527	The lady continues to explain how certain poses help in improving general flexibility in cheerleaders .	who continues to explain how certain poses help in improving general flexibility in cheerleaders ?	lady
24532	The camera pans to another group of people who have also finished sliding down the slope .	what pans to another group of people who have also finished sliding down the slope ?	camera
24533	A man in a black shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field .	what does the man in a black shirt throw onto the field ?	ball
24533	A man in a black shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
24535	Another man spins and throws a ball onto the field .	who spins and throws the ball onto the field ?	man
24535	Another man spins and throws a ball onto the field .	what does another man spin and throws onto the field ?	ball
24536	A man is seen using a hookah and blowing smoke out into the air and leads into him scraping tobacco and driving around .	who is seen using the hookah and blowing smoke out into the air and leads into him scraping tobacco and driving around ?	man
24538	A young lady dressed in a pink leotard and tuto begins prancing around a large stage .	who dressed in a pink leotard and tuto begins prancing around a large stage ?	lady
24541	Several swimmers walk past each other , shaking hands .	who walk past each other , shaking hands ?	swimmers
24542	They gather in the pool , then engage in a game of water polo .	where do they gather . ?	pool
24543	They hit the ball back and forth , trying to get it into the net .	what did they hit back and forth , ?	ball
24545	A woman in a blue bumper car bumps into the middle metal part and she seems stuck and ca n't move but suddenly she begins to move again .	what is the color of the car ?	blue
24545	A woman in a blue bumper car bumps into the middle metal part and she seems stuck and ca n't move but suddenly she begins to move again .	where does the woman bump into the middle metal part and she seems stuck and ca n't move but suddenly she begins to move again . ?	car
24547	A man is riding a black horse in slow motion .	who is riding the black horse in slow motion ?	man
24547	A man is riding a black horse in slow motion .	what is the color of the horse ?	black
24551	A man in a brown sweater is sitting down and talking .	what is the color of the sweater ?	brown
24554	A boy in a blue shirt hits behind him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
24555	Several people are in a dance room and an instructor comes as they begin to dance .	who are several people in a dance room and comes as they begin to dance ?	instructor
24555	Several people are in a dance room and an instructor comes as they begin to dance .	where are several people and an instructor comes as they begin to dance . ?	room
24556	The six people continue to dance from side to side making arrows like a Jamaican dance .	how many people continue to dance from side to side making arrows like a jamaican dance ?	six
24557	As it continues , steps are repeated and throws fist punts in the air .	, what are repeated and throws fist punts in the air ?	steps
24559	He uses a tool to scrape the ice off the windshield .	what does he use ?	tool
24564	The camera reverses and he continues to blow smoke .	what reverses and he continues to blow smoke ?	camera
24567	The man keeps blowing smoke into the air .	who keeps blowing smoke into the air ?	man
24568	There are 5 different people sitting in chairs playing accordions that has pianos attached to them .	how many different people are there sitting in chairs playing accordions that has pianos attached to them ?	five
24569	There are 2 women , and 3 men and all of them , look very serious about what they 're doing .	who are there , and 3 men and all of them , look very serious about what they 're doing ?	women
24569	There are 2 women , and 3 men and all of them , look very serious about what they 're doing .	how many women are there ?	two
24572	Two person wears funny clothes and white wigs .	how many person wears funny clothes and white wigs ?	two
24572	Two person wears funny clothes and white wigs .	what is the color of the wigs ?	white
24573	Several people compete beer pong in a table full of cups with beer , then one person wins and people congratulates the winner .	what do several people compete in a table full of cups with beer , then one person wins and people congratulates the winner ?	pong
24573	Several people compete beer pong in a table full of cups with beer , then one person wins and people congratulates the winner .	who do several people compete beer pong in a table full of cups with beer , then one person wins and people congratulates ?	winner
24574	Then , people plays beer pong unsuccessful , and then a man throw the ball in the far cup , then people hug the winner who receives a price .	who does then , , and then , then people hug ?	winner
24574	Then , people plays beer pong unsuccessful , and then a man throw the ball in the far cup , then people hug the winner who receives a price .	where does then , people play beer pong unsuccessful , and then a man throw the ball , then people hug the winner who receives a price . ?	cup
24578	The man plays a song on the guitar and we briefly see the song and artist name on the screen .	who plays the song on the guitar and we briefly see the song and artist name on the screen ?	man
24580	The man finishes and stops playing .	who finishes and stops playing ?	man
24584	A green umbrella sits next to the track .	what sits next to the track ?	umbrella
24584	A green umbrella sits next to the track .	what is the color of the umbrella ?	green
24585	Two people give a news report about the importance of wearing sunscreen and talk with each other .	how many people give the news report about the importance of wearing sunscreen and talk with each other ?	two
24587	The newscasters then talk at the end with each other .	who then talk at the end with each other ?	newscasters
24588	A man in a white shirt is putting a tile on the floor .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
24590	The camera zooms in on the tile .	what zooms in on the tile ?	camera
24592	A title slide is then shown , and then shows several ingredients used in a recipe for cookies .	what is then shown , and then shows several ingredients used in a recipe for cookies ?	slide
24592	A title slide is then shown , and then shows several ingredients used in a recipe for cookies .	the title slide then shows what used in a recipe for cookies ?	ingredients
24593	The video then shows the two boys mixing ingredients together .	who does the video then show mixing ingredients together ?	boys
24593	The video then shows the two boys mixing ingredients together .	the video then shows the two boys mixing what together ?	ingredients
24593	The video then shows the two boys mixing ingredients together .	how many boys does the video then show mixing ingredients together ?	two
24594	They roll the dough into balls and place them into an oven .	what do they roll into balls ?	dough
24595	The boys take the cookies out of the oven and begin eating them .	who take the cookies out of the oven and begin eating them ?	boys
24598	A man wearing an apron is seen rubbing down several dishes while throwing them in a sink .	who is wearing an apron is seen rubbing down several dishes while throwing them in a sink ?	man
24598	A man wearing an apron is seen rubbing down several dishes while throwing them in a sink .	the man wearing what is seen rubbing down several dishes while throwing them in a sink ?	apron
24599	The man continues rubbing down dishes while immediately throwing them into a sink of water .	who continues rubbing down dishes while immediately throwing them into a sink of water ?	man
24601	We see two men in a yard pushing an item in the grass .	how many men do we see in a yard pushing an item in the grass ?	two
24607	A girl in a black shirt and pink shorts is painting a wooden fence .	what is the girl in a black shirt and pink shorts painting ?	fence
24607	A girl in a black shirt and pink shorts is painting a wooden fence .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
24609	Two people are standing in a room .	how many people are standing in the room ?	two
24609	Two people are standing in a room .	where are two people standing . ?	room
24620	Then , a man is shown gearing up and putting on several contraptions that he can connect to a belt .	who is then , shown gearing up and putting on several contraptions that he can connect to a belt ?	man
24625	A woman shows tango steps moving and turning around while talking .	who shows tango steps moving and turning around while talking ?	woman
24625	A woman shows tango steps moving and turning around while talking .	what does the woman show tango ?	steps
24626	Then , the man moves around showing tango steps .	who does then , move around showing tango steps ?	man
24630	The man begins surfing on the waves as several people sit on the beach watching him .	who begins surfing on the waves as several people sit on the beach watching him ?	man
24632	A woman hands a young boy a stick with a little girl grabbing for her attention .	who hands the young boy a stick with a little girl grabbing for her attention ?	woman
24633	The pinata is lifted and the boy begins swinging at the object .	what is lifted and the boy begins swinging at the object ?	pinata
24633	The pinata is lifted and the boy begins swinging at the object .	who is the pinata lifted and begins swinging at the object ?	boy
24634	The camera pans around people watching while he hits the pinata and a little boy is seen clapping behind him .	what pans around people watching while he hits the pinata and a little boy is seen clapping behind him ?	camera
24635	A man in a purple shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
24639	He then cuts up a piece of bread , scoops out the insides , and fries up some meat .	what did he then fry up ?	meat
24640	Finally he pours all the ingredients into the break bowl , wraps it up in aluminum foil , and shows more pictures of the sandwich .	what does finally he pour into the break bowl ?	ingredients
24640	Finally he pours all the ingredients into the break bowl , wraps it up in aluminum foil , and shows more pictures of the sandwich .	where does finally he wrap it up . ?	foil
24641	a man is standing in front of a camera .	who is standing in front of a camera ?	man
24644	A man is closing his eyes while getting his beard trimmed and combed .	who is closing his eyes while getting his beard trimmed and combed ?	man
24645	The man now has a nearly shaven beard and is getting his neck shaved .	who now has the nearly shaven beard and is getting his neck shaved ?	man
24648	A man rubs something on his hands and pats it on the other mans face .	who rubs something on his hands and pats it on the other mans face ?	man
24650	Inside of the house on the couch two men are sitting , one of them is talking casually awhile the other is holding his arm out on a pillow .	how many men are inside of the house on the couch sitting ?	two
24651	The man is painting his friends finger nails , he seems to have done someone else 's nails also and made little red heart .	who is painting his friends finger nails , he seems to have done someone else 's nails also and made little red heart ?	man
24651	The man is painting his friends finger nails , he seems to have done someone else 's nails also and made little red heart .	what is the color of the heart ?	red
24652	The man is talking and pretty excited her able to do this , he keeps putting the top of the polish back to get more paint on it .	who is talking and pretty excited her able to do this , he keeps putting the top of the polish back to get more paint on it ?	man
24654	There are two children standing at a double stainless steel sink in a residential home .	who are there standing at a double stainless steel sink in a residential home ?	children
24654	There are two children standing at a double stainless steel sink in a residential home .	how many children are there standing at a double stainless steel sink in a residential home ?	two
24656	A gymnast lift a weight until his shoulders , then lift it above his head .	who lift the weight until his shoulders , then lift it above his head ?	gymnast
24657	The man left the weight fall on the floor .	who left the weight fall on the floor ?	man
24658	A man is seen speaking to the camera behind a desk and leads into shows of people riding on skateboards .	who is seen speaking to the camera behind a desk and leads into shows of people riding on skateboards ?	man
24661	Two young children are sitting in one of the bus seats .	who are sitting in one of the bus seats ?	children
24661	Two young children are sitting in one of the bus seats .	how many young children are sitting in one of the bus seats ?	two
24663	Several kids are in their inner-tubes in the water among other people floating on inner-tubes in the water .	who are in their inner-tubes in the water among other people floating on inner-tubes in the water ?	kids
24669	A man holds a young boy in a life vest who looks like he is sleeping .	who holds the young boy in a life vest who looks like he is sleeping ?	man
24669	A man holds a young boy in a life vest who looks like he is sleeping .	where does the man hold a young boy who looks like he is sleeping . ?	vest
24670	A young girl is climbing across the monkey bars outside a building .	who is climbing across the monkey bars outside a building ?	girl
24673	A man in a gym walks over to a barbell .	where does the man walk over to a barbell . ?	gym
24674	The man lifts the barbell to his chest , then over his head .	who lifts the barbell to his chest , then over his head ?	man
24674	The man lifts the barbell to his chest , then over his head .	what does the man lift to his chest , then over his head ?	barbell
24675	The man drops the weight .	who drops the weight ?	man
24676	The man hugs the men behind him .	who hugs the men behind him ?	man
24682	The man does a handstand on one hand and kicks his legs in the air .	who does the handstand on one hand and kicks his legs in the air ?	man
24683	The man does a flip from a handstands .	who does the flip from a handstands ?	man
24685	A clear package of soft flexible hair curlers is shown on a black table as a hand picks up an unwrapped purple curler and fidgets with it .	what is the color of the table ?	black
24685	A clear package of soft flexible hair curlers is shown on a black table as a hand picks up an unwrapped purple curler and fidgets with it .	what is the color of the curler ?	purple
24686	The hand turns the bag around so that the contents are shown through the mouth of the bag before handling both the loose purple and pink curlers .	what does the hand turn around so that the contents are shown through the mouth of the bag before handling both the loose purple and pink curlers ?	bag
24690	A black screen appears and white lettering appears at the bottom right .	what appears and white lettering appears at the bottom right ?	screen
24690	A black screen appears and white lettering appears at the bottom right .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
24690	A black screen appears and white lettering appears at the bottom right .	what is the color of the lettering ?	white
24692	The man pushes it dog up and the dog rides down the slide .	who pushes it dog up and the dog rides down the slide ?	man
24693	The man does this again with the dog in another playground .	who does this again with the dog in another playground ?	man
24694	A man kneels in his fencing gear .	who kneels in his fencing gear ?	man
24695	A man walks up to him with his back turned as they talk .	who walks up to him with his back turned as they talk ?	man
24696	The man stands , and engages in fencing with an opponent , both attached to cables behind them .	who stands , and engages in fencing with an opponent , both attached to cables behind them ?	man
24697	A woman is seen moving up and down on an exercise bar while several shots are shown of her exercising .	who is seen moving up and down on an exercise bar while several shots are shown of her exercising ?	woman
24699	A barefoot woman in a purple outfit and beige headscarf is kneeling and washing dishes in an outdoor body of water in front of grass and a wooden platform .	what is the color of the outfit ?	purple
24699	A barefoot woman in a purple outfit and beige headscarf is kneeling and washing dishes in an outdoor body of water in front of grass and a wooden platform .	where is the barefoot woman kneeling and washing dishes in an outdoor body of water in front of grass and a wooden platform . ?	headscarf
24700	The woman rinses a bronze platter in the narrow body of water and proceeds to place it in an orange plastic bucket .	who rinses the bronze platter in the narrow body of water and proceeds to place it in an orange plastic bucket ?	woman
24700	The woman rinses a bronze platter in the narrow body of water and proceeds to place it in an orange plastic bucket .	what does the woman rinse in the narrow body of water and proceeds ?	platter
24700	The woman rinses a bronze platter in the narrow body of water and proceeds to place it in an orange plastic bucket .	what is the color of the bucket ?	orange
24700	The woman rinses a bronze platter in the narrow body of water and proceeds to place it in an orange plastic bucket .	where does the woman rinse a bronze platter in the narrow body of water and proceeds to place it . ?	bucket
24701	The woman continues to wash other dishes and place them in the orange basket .	who continues to wash other dishes and place them in the orange basket ?	woman
24701	The woman continues to wash other dishes and place them in the orange basket .	what is the color of the basket ?	orange
24701	The woman continues to wash other dishes and place them in the orange basket .	where does the woman continue to wash other dishes and place them . ?	basket
24702	We see a red light then the title .	what is the color of the light ?	red
24703	A man 's biker gear is shown .	who biker gear is shown ?	man
24708	We see a lake , and a dog followed by a bike on a street .	what do we see , and a dog followed by a bike on a street ?	lake
24708	We see a lake , and a dog followed by a bike on a street .	what do we see a lake , and followed by a bike on a street ?	dog
24709	A man uses a knife to open a coconut .	who uses the knife to open a coconut ?	man
24709	A man uses a knife to open a coconut .	what does the man use ?	knife
24711	We see two bikers flying through the sky .	how many bikers do we see flying through the sky ?	two
24712	We then see three bikers sitting still on their bikes .	how many bikers do we then see sitting still on their bikes ?	three
24713	We see the end title card .	what do we see ?	card
24714	A young gymnastic boy gets on a bar and starts doing flips and other things .	who gets on the bar and starts doing flips and other things ?	boy
24718	A man stands holding a violin and bow discussing its features .	who stands holding the violin and bow discussing its features ?	man
24719	The man sets the instrument under his chin and tightens the bow .	who sets the instrument under his chin and tightens the bow ?	man
24719	The man sets the instrument under his chin and tightens the bow .	what does the man set under his chin ?	instrument
24719	The man sets the instrument under his chin and tightens the bow .	what does the man tighten ?	bow
24720	The man undoes the bow strings and raps them around the violin .	who undoes the bow strings and raps them around the violin ?	man
24720	The man undoes the bow strings and raps them around the violin .	what does the man undo ?	strings
24721	The man plays a song on the violin .	who plays the song on the violin ?	man
24722	A green splash appears against a white back drown .	what is the color of the splash ?	green
24722	A green splash appears against a white back drown .	what is the color of the drown ?	white
24723	Then a series of words appear across the screen and showing various pictures describing the terms .	what do then the series of words appear across and showing various pictures describing the terms ?	screen
24723	Then a series of words appear across the screen and showing various pictures describing the terms .	what do then the series of words appear across the screen and showing ?	pictures
24724	A man is then shown standing on a ladder laying wall paper .	who is then shown standing on the ladder laying wall paper ?	man
24725	After , the man cuts the wall paper and gains assistance while putting the paper on the roof .	who does after , cut the wall paper and gains assistance while putting the paper on the roof ?	man
24727	Finally , several rooms are shown displaying the work they 've done .	what are finally , shown displaying the work they 've done ?	rooms
24728	A young girl is seen speaking to the camera while playing with her hair .	who is seen speaking to the camera while playing with her hair ?	girl
24731	She then catches a fish and is seen again in a bikini swimming around a whale .	what does she then catch ?	fish
24733	A buff young man is sitting on a machine with a sliding seat demonstrating weight lifting techniques .	who is sitting on the machine with a sliding seat demonstrating weight lifting techniques ?	man
24735	Once complete , the man grabs the rope and moves back and forth while pulling out the rope to exercise .	, who grabs the rope and moves back and forth while pulling out the rope to exercise ?	man
24735	Once complete , the man grabs the rope and moves back and forth while pulling out the rope to exercise .	what does , the man grab ?	rope
24737	A family is rearranging furniture in a living room .	where is the family rearranging furniture . ?	room
24738	They set up a Christmas tree in the corner of the room .	what did they set up in the corner of the room ?	tree
24740	They put bulbs onto the tree .	what did they put onto the tree ?	bulbs
24741	A little girl does a spin in front of the tree .	who does the spin in front of the tree ?	girl
24742	A man is inside a gym with a ball .	who is inside the gym with a ball ?	man
24744	They kick the ball back and forth on the court .	what do they kick back and forth on the court ?	ball
24747	man wearing white uniform is talking to the camera in the field .	who is wearing white uniform is talking to the camera in the field ?	man
24747	man wearing white uniform is talking to the camera in the field .	man wearing what is talking to the camera in the field ?	uniform
24747	man wearing white uniform is talking to the camera in the field .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
24751	The man begins to walk on the stepper .	who begins to walk on the stepper ?	man
24753	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him helping a man shoot several baskets .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him helping a man shoot several baskets ?	man
24754	The coach is then seen instructing a large group of children as they shoot baskets over and over .	who is then seen instructing the large group of children as they shoot baskets over and over ?	coach
24755	Smoke fills an empty dark room .	what does smoke fill ?	room
24757	A group plays instruments behind them while they fight .	what does the group play behind them ?	instruments
24758	The two men end the fight with a hug .	how many men end the fight with a hug ?	two
24759	two man are in a room playing row row row your boat .	who are in the room playing row row row your boat ?	man
24759	two man are in a room playing row row row your boat .	how many man are in the room playing row row row your boat ?	two
24760	two men are playing taking a selfie in a living room .	how many men are playing taking the selfie in a living room ?	two
24760	two men are playing taking a selfie in a living room .	where are two men playing taking a selfie . ?	room
24761	man is standing in living room playing beer pong and taking out his shirt .	who is standing in living room playing beer pong and taking out his shirt ?	man
24761	man is standing in living room playing beer pong and taking out his shirt .	what is man standing in living room playing beer pong and taking out ?	shirt
24762	man is standing in the living room holding a tennis racket and hiting a ball .	who is standing in the living room holding a tennis racket and hiting a ball ?	man
24763	two men are standing in the living oom playing beer pong and doing other shot games with a bottle of whiskey .	how many men are standing in the living oom playing beer pong and doing other shot games with a bottle of whiskey ?	two
24764	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects and begins brushing her hair .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects and begins brushing her hair ?	woman
24766	A body piercing artist is seen piercing the belly button of a female .	who is seen piercing the belly button of a female ?	artist
24767	Initially he uses a piercing tool to make the incision on the belly button .	what does initially he use ?	tool
24770	Afterwards the girl stands up talks to he friend and looks in the mirror .	afterwards who stands up talks to he friend and looks in the mirror ?	girl
24770	Afterwards the girl stands up talks to he friend and looks in the mirror .	who does afterwards the girl stand ?	friend
24770	Afterwards the girl stands up talks to he friend and looks in the mirror .	where does afterwards the girl look . ?	mirror
24771	In the end the camera man turns around and speaks to the camera with authority .	in the end who turns around and speaks to the camera with authority ?	man
24772	A man stands in a large room .	who stands in the large room ?	man
24772	A man stands in a large room .	where does the man stand . ?	room
24776	A man is riding a skateboard down a suburban road .	who is riding the skateboard down a suburban road ?	man
24776	A man is riding a skateboard down a suburban road .	what is the man riding down a suburban road ?	skateboard
24779	An athlete jumps with a pole to pass the horizontal bar , then he falls on the foamy mat .	who jumps with the pole to pass the horizontal bar , then he falls on the foamy mat ?	athlete
24781	A man is seen wearing a funny uniform and walking out onto a large stage while intervening to speak to the camera .	who is seen wearing the funny uniform and walking out onto a large stage while intervening to speak to the camera ?	man
24782	The man performs gymnastics moves around a beam in a silly manner and ends with the audience clapping and the man waving .	who performs gymnastics moves around a beam in a silly manner and ends with the audience clapping and the man waving ?	man
24783	A horse stands alone , attached to a wooden trunk .	what stands alone , attached to the wooden trunk ?	horse
24784	A man approaches the horse holding two brushes in his hands and speaks for a bit .	who approaches the horse holding two brushes in his hands and speaks for a bit ?	man
24784	A man approaches the horse holding two brushes in his hands and speaks for a bit .	what does the man approach holding two brushes in his hands ?	horse
24784	A man approaches the horse holding two brushes in his hands and speaks for a bit .	the man approaches the horse holding how many brushes in his hands and speaks for a bit ?	two
24791	The two girls hug each other and the girl who 's wearing the blue dress slightly pushes past the other girl .	what is the color of the dress ?	blue
24793	We see a man talking to the camera while holding an accordion .	who do we see talking to the camera while holding an accordion ?	man
24794	The man then plays the accordion and we see it up close .	who then plays the accordion and we see it up close ?	man
24794	The man then plays the accordion and we see it up close .	what does the man then play and we see it up close ?	accordion
24795	The man holds a note and his hands shake .	who holds the note and his hands shake ?	man
24796	We zoom out and the man stops playing .	who do we zoom out and stops playing ?	man
24798	Two girls check their wrists while one speaks to the camera and several shots of a wristband are shown .	who check their wrists while one speaks to the camera and several shots of a wristband are shown ?	girls
24798	Two girls check their wrists while one speaks to the camera and several shots of a wristband are shown .	how many girls check their wrists while one speaks to the camera ?	two
24801	the man gets up and goes to his mower and creates something on a wheel well and ties it to the mower and the shed door .	who gets up and goes to his mower and creates something on a wheel well and ties it to the mower and the shed door ?	man
24802	The man allows the mower to spin around the object and cut the grass .	who allows the mower to spin around the object and cut the grass ?	man
24802	The man allows the mower to spin around the object and cut the grass .	what does the man allow ?	mower
24803	It then pulls the object into the shed on the line and the door pulls closed .	what does it then pull the object into the shed on the line and pulls closed ?	door
24804	An add displays a web site about a business called happydogz .	what does an add display about a business called happydogz ?	site
24805	Then , a man appears pulled by a dog , then adds display information about a retractable dog leash .	who does then , appear pulled by the dog , then adds display information about a retractable dog leash ?	man
24806	After , a couple pulls two dogs from leashes .	what does after , the couple pull from leashes ?	dogs
24806	After , a couple pulls two dogs from leashes .	how many dogs does after , the couple pull from leashes ?	two
24810	A woman cuts the top off the pumpkin , emptying the seeds .	who cuts the top off the pumpkin , emptying the seeds ?	woman
24812	When she is done , a tea light is placed inside the pumpkin and lit .	, what is placed inside the pumpkin and lit ?	light
24813	A woman is kneeling down on a blue mat .	who is kneeling down on the blue mat ?	woman
24813	A woman is kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
24816	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding a bottle of sunscreen .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a bottle of sunscreen ?	woman
24817	She then opens the bottle and uses a holder on the side .	what does she then open ?	bottle
24817	She then opens the bottle and uses a holder on the side .	what does she then use on the side ?	holder
24818	She shows off the holder while still speaking to the camera .	what does she show off ?	holder
24820	The people hit a ball across a lawn one at a time and are seen laughing and smiling at one another .	what did the people hit across a lawn one at a time ?	ball
24821	A man is swinging on a balance beam .	who is swinging on the balance beam ?	man
24824	A man in a yellow construction top is inside painting the wall beige .	what is the man in a yellow construction top inside painting ?	beige
24824	A man in a yellow construction top is inside painting the wall beige .	what is the color of the top ?	yellow
24825	He goes from the bottom up and grabs more paint on his tool .	what does he grab on his tool ?	paint
24829	A man is is laying carpet in a room .	who is is laying carpet in a room ?	man
24829	A man is is laying carpet in a room .	where is the man is laying carpet . ?	room
24830	A woman is looking at carpet samples in a shop .	who is looking at carpet samples in a shop ?	woman
24832	An athletic man is seen standing at the beginning of a long track with several people standing on the sidelines .	who is seen standing at the beginning of a long track with several people standing on the sidelines ?	man
24838	A man is seen throwing a dart up over the camera while looking into the distance .	who is seen throwing the dart up over the camera while looking into the distance ?	man
24840	The man continues throwing over and over again .	who continues throwing over and over again ?	man
24841	A woman shows how to cover a cake with frosting using a spatula .	who shows how to cover the cake with frosting using a spatula ?	woman
24846	Two kids are jump roping outside .	who are jump roping outside ?	kids
24846	Two kids are jump roping outside .	how many kids are jump roping outside ?	two
24847	Two adults are kneeling down on the ground holding a jump rope for a kid .	who are kneeling down on the ground holding a jump rope for a kid ?	adults
24847	Two adults are kneeling down on the ground holding a jump rope for a kid .	how many adults are kneeling down on the ground holding a jump rope for a kid ?	two
24848	The woman is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	woman
24849	A boy spills a glass on his face while jump roping .	who spills the glass on his face while jump roping ?	boy
24850	woman is wearing harness and get in a helicopter above and are flying above a volcano .	who is wearing harness and get in the helicopter above and are flying above a volcano ?	woman
24850	woman is wearing harness and get in a helicopter above and are flying above a volcano .	where do woman get . ?	helicopter
24854	man walks through the woods and ty to light a woodfire .	who walks through the woods and ty to light a woodfire ?	man
24855	Someone is stroking blue paint up and down on a fence .	what is someone stroking up and down on a fence ?	paint
24855	Someone is stroking blue paint up and down on a fence .	what is the color of the paint ?	blue
24856	They put the paint brush in the paint again to gather more paint .	what did they put in the paint ?	brush
24856	They put the paint brush in the paint again to gather more paint .	where did they put the paint brush again to gather more paint . ?	paint
24858	They do that multiple times trying to cover all of the brown .	what is the color of the times ?	brown
24859	A man is seen standing before a hold child holding up a pinata while others stand around and watch .	who is seen standing before the hold child holding up a pinata while others stand around and watch ?	man
24860	The blind folded boy then takes multiple swings at the pinata while the kids sit around and watch .	who then takes multiple swings at the pinata while the kids sit around and watch ?	boy
24861	There 's a woman in a yellow tank top and black tights doing jump rope in a gym .	what is the color of the top ?	yellow
24861	There 's a woman in a yellow tank top and black tights doing jump rope in a gym .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
24864	A woman is sitting in a room talking .	who is sitting in the room talking ?	woman
24865	There is a white cat on the bed behind her .	what is the color of the cat ?	white
24868	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a paintbrush and bucket .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a paintbrush and bucket ?	woman
24871	A woman reporting is speaking to a camera with a serious demeanor .	who is speaking to the camera with a serious demeanor ?	reporting
24872	A man unzips his violin from the bag and plays a little bit for the camera while the reporter commentates .	who unzips his violin from the bag and plays a little bit for the camera while the reporter commentates ?	man
24872	A man unzips his violin from the bag and plays a little bit for the camera while the reporter commentates .	what does the man unzip from the bag ?	violin
24874	The reporter claims that the man is better than ever and shows his progress playing a violin in a show .	who claims that the man is better than ever and shows his progress playing a violin in a show ?	reporter
24875	A man is standing at the start line clapping his hands , people look on .	who is standing at the start line clapping his hands , people look on ?	man
24878	Another man waits on the start line before accelerating into the long jump .	who waits on the start line before accelerating into the long jump ?	man
24881	Another man waits on the start line before running into a longjump .	who waits on the start line before running into a longjump ?	man
24887	A green team player runs towards the clear window .	what is the color of the player ?	green
24888	A camera pans around a mcdonalds and leads into a man speaking to a cashier .	what pans around the mcdonalds and leads into a man speaking to a cashier ?	camera
24891	A fridge is seen opening with two people grabbing onto a piece of cheese .	what is seen opening with two people grabbing onto a piece of cheese ?	fridge
24892	The two men fight then begin playing a game of rock paper scissors .	how many men fight then begin playing the game of rock paper scissors ?	two
24894	We see an opening screen then a sitting lady .	what do we see then a sitting lady ?	screen
24897	The lady turns around and smiles .	who turns around and smiles ?	lady
24901	The closing screen is seen .	what is closing seen ?	screen
24903	A man falls off the board very suddenly .	who falls off the board very suddenly ?	man
24905	A woman is doing some exercise on a machine .	who is doing some exercise on a machine ?	woman
24909	A rusty ball is shown rolling down some type of man made ramp .	what is shown rolling down some type of man made ramp ?	ball
24910	Several Olympic athletes are then shown putting the shotput by their neck and throwing it and getting their distance measured .	who are then shown putting the shotput by their neck and throwing it and getting their distance measured ?	athletes
24911	A black scoreboard is finally shown and they begin to give the winner the medal and show the flag of the country the person is representing .	what is finally shown and they begin to give the winner the medal and show the flag of the country the person is representing ?	scoreboard
24911	A black scoreboard is finally shown and they begin to give the winner the medal and show the flag of the country the person is representing .	what is the color of the scoreboard ?	black
24912	A woman in a lab coat is in a hospital recovery room .	where is the woman in a lab coat . ?	room
24915	A man pulls a boot onto his foot seated in a chair inside .	who pulls the boot onto his foot seated in a chair inside ?	man
24915	A man pulls a boot onto his foot seated in a chair inside .	what does the man pull onto his foot seated in a chair inside ?	boot
24916	The man fastens the straps on the boat .	who fastens the straps on the boat ?	man
24917	A person shows the man how to fasten the straps on the boot .	who does the person show ?	man
24918	The man shakes while trying to finish putting on the shoes .	who shakes while trying to finish putting on the shoes ?	man
24919	An older man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a tennis ball and racket in his hand .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a tennis ball and racket in his hand ?	man
24923	After the start , everyone goes around the track as quick as possible .	what does after the start , everyone go around as quick ?	track
24924	Man in purple talks to the camera .	what is the color of the talks ?	purple
24928	a camera shows a group of people sitting around a gymnasium floor with a few standing and one crossing his arms .	what shows the group of people sitting around a gymnasium floor with a few standing and one crossing his arms ?	camera
24929	Suddenly a student comes into frame and jumps over a pole into a mat .	suddenly who comes into frame and jumps over a pole into a mat ?	student
24930	There 's a woman in a pink shirt and black shorts training a dog on a large open lawn .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
24932	Every time she throws the disc , the dog gets excited and runs and fetches the disc for her .	what does every time she throw , the dog gets excited and runs and fetches the disc for her ?	disc
24933	The dog is well trained to catch the disc in its mouth almost every time without missing it .	what is well trained to catch the disc in its mouth almost every time without missing it ?	dog
24935	An emblem appears on the screen .	what appears on the screen ?	emblem
24937	A woman walks up to a young boy who has his pants down , crouching in front of a bucket .	who walks up to the young boy who has his pants down , crouching in front of a bucket ?	woman
24941	The women look sad as she walks away .	who look sad as she walks away ?	women
24943	A doctor is shown talking about dirty hands to the women .	who is shown talking about dirty hands to the women ?	doctor
24946	Two girls are seen waving to the camera while one holds up a drink and the other plays with her hair .	who are seen waving to the camera while one holds up a drink and the other plays with her hair ?	girls
24946	Two girls are seen waving to the camera while one holds up a drink and the other plays with her hair .	how many girls are seen waving to the camera while one holds up a drink and the other plays with her hair ?	two
24947	The girls walk around a bit followed by drinking out of a glass and making funny faces to the camera .	who walk around the bit followed by drinking out of a glass and making funny faces to the camera ?	girls
24949	The boys leave the art piece leaving just one boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone .	who leave the art piece leaving just one boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone ?	boys
24949	The boys leave the art piece leaving just one boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone .	what do the boys leave leaving just one boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone ?	piece
24949	The boys leave the art piece leaving just one boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone .	the boys leave the art piece leaving who in a red t-shirt ?	boy
24949	The boys leave the art piece leaving just one boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone .	the boys leave the art piece leaving how many boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone ?	one
24949	The boys leave the art piece leaving just one boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	red
24954	A kid is playing hopscotch on the ground .	who is playing hopscotch on the ground ?	kid
24957	A dog is shown running up steps to a building .	what is shown running up steps to a building ?	dog
24958	They go inside , and it 's a dog grooming salon .	what do they go inside , and it 's grooming salon ?	dog
24958	They go inside , and it 's a dog grooming salon .	they go inside , and it 's a dog grooming what ?	salon
24960	The dog is rinsed , soaped , bathed and clipped on the machine .	what is rinsed , soaped , bathed and clipped on the machine ?	dog
24961	A store front is seen from the outside .	what is seen from the outside ?	front
24962	A store owner stands behind a display wall and discusses .	who stands behind the display wall and discusses ?	owner
24963	Paintball players run through a grassy court with obstacles and aim their weapons .	what do paintball players aim ?	weapons
24964	The store owner displays different face masks for the sport .	who displays different face masks for the sport ?	owner
24967	A man in blue shirt drink a big glass of beer .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
24969	The man in blue shirt finished his drink and put it down , and the blonde man cheered .	what did the man in blue shirt finish , and the blonde man cheered ?	drink
24969	The man in blue shirt finished his drink and put it down , and the blonde man cheered .	the man in blue shirt finished his drink and put it down , and who cheered ?	man
24969	The man in blue shirt finished his drink and put it down , and the blonde man cheered .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
24970	man is standing in parallels doing gymnastics in a roofed gym .	who is standing in parallels doing gymnastics in a roofed gym ?	man
24972	A girl wearing a white coat with hood is next to man and a woman on side of a pool table .	who is wearing a white coat with hood is next to man and a woman on side of a pool table ?	girl
24972	A girl wearing a white coat with hood is next to man and a woman on side of a pool table .	the girl wearing what with hood is next to man and a woman on side of a pool table ?	coat
24972	A girl wearing a white coat with hood is next to man and a woman on side of a pool table .	what is the color of the coat ?	white
24973	Then , the girl walks and takes off the coat , then she takes a cue stick and bend on front two men .	then , who walks and takes off the coat , then she takes a cue stick and bend on front two men ?	girl
24975	A man wants to touch the butt of a girl .	who wants to touch the butt of a girl ?	man
24976	A girl in a purple outfit gets onto a balance beam .	what is the color of the outfit ?	purple
24979	A man is crouching on the ground , cleaning something .	who is crouching on the ground , cleaning something ?	man
24980	Several cars are parked in a parking lot .	what are parked in the parking lot ?	cars
24982	a woman is in front of a table , holding a cat .	who is in front of a table , holding a cat ?	woman
24983	She pets the cat to calm him down .	what does she pet ?	cat
24986	The station shows for what channel it is that is being watched .	what shows for what channel it is that is being watched ?	station
24989	A man is standing up and throws a rock .	who is standing up and throws the rock ?	man
24989	A man is standing up and throws a rock .	what does the man throw ?	rock
24991	A man gets into a horse carriage and rides away .	who gets into the horse carriage and rides away ?	man
24992	We see a boy brushing his teeth and dancing in the bathroom .	where do we see a boy brushing his teeth and dancing . ?	bathroom
24993	The boy pauses and looks at the brush .	who pauses and looks at the brush ?	boy
24994	The boy returns to brushing and dancing .	who returns to brushing and dancing ?	boy
24995	The boy holds on the the sink for a moment .	who holds on the the sink for a moment ?	boy
24996	The boy holds onto the sink again .	who holds onto the sink again ?	boy
24999	This man is shown standing on the roof saying a few words .	who is shown standing on the roof saying a few words ?	man
25002	A man does a barbecue in a yard while singing with people showing drinks in cans and cups .	who does the barbecue in a yard while singing with people showing drinks in cans and cups ?	man
25004	Women serves drinks from a fountain .	what does women serve from a fountain ?	drinks
25007	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of her performing ab exercises wile speaking to the camera .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of her performing ab exercises wile speaking to the camera ?	woman
25008	The woman demonstrates how to do a proper sit up by moving her arms in different places and speaking to the camera .	who demonstrates how to do the proper sit up by moving her arms in different places and speaking to the camera ?	woman
25011	A trolley rolls along a street with a conductor hanging out of the window .	what rolls along the street with a conductor hanging out of the window ?	trolley
25013	We see a black screen and the credits .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25014	A person is cutting a man 's hair .	who is the person cutting hair ?	man
25017	The screen changes to black for a moment .	what changes to black for a moment ?	screen
25017	The screen changes to black for a moment .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25018	We see the screen change again and the person lines the back of the man 's head .	what do we see again and the person lines the back of the man 's head ?	change
25019	The barber touches the shaver edge .	who touches the shaver edge ?	barber
25019	The barber touches the shaver edge .	who does the barber touch ?	edge
25020	The screen fades to black and the ending credits roll .	what fades to black and the ending credits roll ?	screen
25020	The screen fades to black and the ending credits roll .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25022	A man shoots a flame up into the air followed by several others as well .	who shoots the flame up into the air followed by several others as well ?	man
25023	The camera pans around the group of people dressed as pirates and in other various costumes .	what pans around the group of people dressed as pirates and in other various costumes ?	camera
25027	The athlete is putting on his red sneakers , then he talked to the camera , and then run in the indoor tracking field .	what is the color of the sneakers ?	red
25028	He rested for a bit , then his coach is having interview , then the scene change where the athlete started to practice , running around , then did some pole jumped .	who did he rest for a bit , then is having interview , then the scene change where the athlete started to practice , running around , then did some pole jumped ?	coach
25030	A boy in an orange shirt is playing a video game .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
25033	The camera zooms in on the controller .	what zooms in on the controller ?	camera
25036	The camera shows the TV with the back of the boy 's head .	what shows the tv with the back of the boy 's head ?	camera
25038	The boy says something and TV has numbers on it .	who says something and tv has numbers on it ?	boy
25039	The boy is talking again .	who is talking again ?	boy
25040	The boy gets up and leaves the room .	who gets up and leaves the room ?	boy
25040	The boy gets up and leaves the room .	what does the boy leave ?	room
25044	He puts his head in the sink and washes his face angrily .	where does he put his head . ?	sink
25045	When he looks in the mirror again , it is an old man .	who is , it ?	man
25045	When he looks in the mirror again , it is an old man .	where does when he look , it is an old man . ?	mirror
25050	We then see a child in gray skiing in front of the camera operator .	what is the color of the skiing ?	gray
25051	the child falls off their skis and lays in the snow .	who falls off their skis and lays in the snow ?	child
25051	the child falls off their skis and lays in the snow .	what does the child fall off ?	skis
25052	The camera person stops and wipes snow from the kids goggles and turns off the camera .	what does the camera person stops and wipes snow from the kids turn off ?	camera
25053	A horse is behind a yellow gate as a man sits on top holding a rope .	what is behind the yellow gate as a man sits on top holding a rope ?	horse
25053	A horse is behind a yellow gate as a man sits on top holding a rope .	what is the color of the gate ?	yellow
25054	The gate is opened , and a black calf comes running out into the field of dirt .	what is opened , and the black calf comes running out into the field of dirt ?	gate
25054	The gate is opened , and a black calf comes running out into the field of dirt .	what is the gate opened , and comes running out into the field of dirt ?	calf
25054	The gate is opened , and a black calf comes running out into the field of dirt .	what is the color of the calf ?	black
25055	Almost instantly , the man throws his lasso and jumps off to secure the cow .	almost instantly , who throws his lasso and jumps off to secure the cow ?	man
25055	Almost instantly , the man throws his lasso and jumps off to secure the cow .	who does almost instantly , the man throw ?	lasso
25056	Once he is finished , the man gets back on the horse and other individuals come out to take the calf out .	who does , get back on the horse and other individuals come out to take the calf out ?	man
25058	The men begin a game of volleyball and hit the ball all around the area .	what did the men hit all around the area ?	ball
25060	A woman is seen holding an accordion while shaking her fists into the air .	who is seen holding an accordion while shaking her fists into the air ?	woman
25062	The girl continues to play with the band and ends by looking to the camera .	who continues to play with the band and ends by looking to the camera ?	girl
25063	A man is seen standing in a field with his eye closed and standing still .	who is seen standing in the field with his eye closed and standing still ?	man
25064	The man then begins moving his arms and legs around his body .	who then begins moving his arms and legs around his body ?	man
25066	A woman lays on a table being prepped for ear piercing .	who lays on the table being prepped for ear piercing ?	woman
25069	The person pushes a different rod through the holes created by the initial piercing .	what does the person push through the holes created by the initial piercing ?	rod
25070	The person caps the new rod on both ends .	what did the person cap on both ends ?	rod
25071	The woman shows off her new piercing and smiles .	who shows off her new piercing and smiles ?	woman
25072	Outside a man is using a leaf blower using it to blow a pile of leaves .	who is outside using the leaf blower using it to blow a pile of leaves ?	man
25072	Outside a man is using a leaf blower using it to blow a pile of leaves .	what is outside the man using ?	blower
25078	When the person rubs on the smaller object , it puts a white residue on the surface .	what is the color of the residue ?	white
25079	When the person rubs on the brown object , it removes the residue .	what is the color of the object ?	brown
25080	A man is shown sitting in front of several drums and banging to a rhythm .	who is shown sitting in front of several drums and banging to a rhythm ?	man
25082	The man continues playing while the camera pans in and out on him playing the drums .	who continues playing while the camera pans in and out on him playing the drums ?	man
25083	A black man gymnast prepares to perform on a parallel bar exhibition .	who prepares to perform on the parallel bar exhibition ?	gymnast
25083	A black man gymnast prepares to perform on a parallel bar exhibition .	what is the color of the gymnast ?	black
25084	The man mounts the parallel bar and goes into a handstand and performs a series of spins and moves .	who mounts the parallel bar and goes into a handstand and performs a series of spins and moves ?	man
25084	The man mounts the parallel bar and goes into a handstand and performs a series of spins and moves .	what does the man mount ?	bar
25085	The gymnast goes into his dismount and lands a perfect landing on the mat .	who goes into his dismount and lands a perfect landing on the mat ?	gymnast
25086	A man is hanging up wallpaper .	who is hanging up wallpaper ?	man
25089	A chair appears with the wallpaper .	what appears with the wallpaper ?	chair
25090	The man is taking down the paper .	who is taking down the paper ?	man
25093	They hit the cue ball into the other balls .	what did they hit into the other balls ?	ball
25097	A girl dressed as a tomboy and a boy dressed in a red shirt are standing in a room across from each other in a messy room .	who dressed as a tomboy and a boy dressed in a red shirt are standing in a room across from each other in a messy room ?	girl
25097	A girl dressed as a tomboy and a boy dressed in a red shirt are standing in a room across from each other in a messy room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
25098	The two begin to grab each other and they begin salsa dancing .	what do the two begin and they begin ?	dancing
25100	This woman is shown standing in one spot for a little while .	who is shown standing in one spot for a little while ?	woman
25103	A sign appears in a yard and a red van comes traveling down the road .	what is the color of the van ?	red
25104	After , a man appears tubing in a trail of water underneath the bridge .	who does after , appear tubing in the trail of water underneath the bridge ?	man
25105	As he continues down the river , he hits a few rocks along the way and begins to bobble up and down before returning back in front of the red van .	what is the color of the van ?	red
25106	A woman is see laughing with a group of people and one man hitting the other .	who is see laughing with the group of people and one man hitting the other ?	woman
25109	There are two guys standing on a large blue mat in a gym and they are both wearing shorts and a pair of boxing gloves .	who are there standing on a large blue mat in a gym and they are both wearing shorts and a pair of boxing gloves ?	guys
25109	There are two guys standing on a large blue mat in a gym and they are both wearing shorts and a pair of boxing gloves .	how many guys are there standing on a large blue mat in a gym ?	two
25109	There are two guys standing on a large blue mat in a gym and they are both wearing shorts and a pair of boxing gloves .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
25111	A guy bows while standing outside .	who bows while standing outside ?	guy
25112	The guy start doing karate outside .	who start doing karate outside ?	guy
25113	The guy does karate indoors and then leaves .	who does karate indoors and then leaves ?	guy
25114	A dog stands with a sweater .	what stands with the sweater ?	dog
25115	Two people are seen speaking to the camera with one holding a pot and the other handing him ingredients .	how many people are seen speaking to the camera with one holding a pot and the other handing him ingredients ?	two
25116	The other then mixes the ingredients into a bowl and pouts it into a pan .	what does the other then mix into a bowl ?	ingredients
25118	A man wearing glasses is seen stepping into frame and playing an accordion .	who is wearing glasses is seen stepping into frame and playing an accordion ?	man
25118	A man wearing glasses is seen stepping into frame and playing an accordion .	the man wearing what is seen stepping into frame and playing an accordion ?	glasses
25119	The man continues to play while looking off into the distance and stops by smiling to the camera .	who continues to play while looking off into the distance and stops by smiling to the camera ?	man
25120	Two young girls are in a gym and they do a side ways hurtles over a bar in the middle of the gym .	who are in the gym and they do a side ways hurtles over a bar in the middle of the gym ?	girls
25120	Two young girls are in a gym and they do a side ways hurtles over a bar in the middle of the gym .	how many young girls are in the gym ?	two
25120	Two young girls are in a gym and they do a side ways hurtles over a bar in the middle of the gym .	where are two young girls and they do a side ways hurtles over a bar in the middle of the gym . ?	gym
25122	4 men are in a square doing break dance while people is gathered around them watching them dance and do tricks in front of a lot of stores .	how many men are in the square doing break dance while people is gathered around them watching them dance and do tricks in front of a lot of stores ?	four
25127	A man is standing outside of a home talking with a large silver pole in his hand that has a yellow rope attached to it .	who is standing outside of the home talking with a large silver pole in his hand that has a yellow rope attached to it ?	man
25127	A man is standing outside of a home talking with a large silver pole in his hand that has a yellow rope attached to it .	what is the color of the rope ?	yellow
25128	The man begins cleaning the inside of a sliding glass door with his pole and brush and washes around the base and the inside of the window .	who begins cleaning the inside of a sliding glass door with his pole and brush and washes around the base and the inside of the window ?	man
25129	The man then stops and begins talking to the camera and pointing to the window before he waves bye .	who then stops and begins talking to the camera and pointing to the window before he waves bye ?	man
25130	A small child is seen hoping along the floor when a woman leads in more young dancers .	who is seen hoping along the floor when a woman leads in more young dancers ?	child
25134	It shows a woman removing wallpaper off the wall in a convenient and easy manner .	who does it show removing wallpaper off the wall in a convenient and easy manner ?	woman
25135	She is using a a scouring tool to scratch off the wallpaper from the wall .	what is she using ?	tool
25137	There 's a man hanging the wet sheets on the wall .	who does there 's hanging the wet sheets on the wall ?	man
25138	A woman uses a sprayer on the moist sheets and sprays it on .	who uses the sprayer on the moist sheets and sprays it on ?	woman
25138	A woman uses a sprayer on the moist sheets and sprays it on .	who does the woman use on the moist sheets ?	sprayer
25142	They paddle quickly down the river through the raging white rapids and over small waterfalls .	what is the color of the rapids ?	white
25144	A title screen appears in red letters and then fades out in a martial arts classroom .	what appears in red letters and then fades out in a martial arts classroom ?	screen
25144	A title screen appears in red letters and then fades out in a martial arts classroom .	what is the color of the letters ?	red
25144	A title screen appears in red letters and then fades out in a martial arts classroom .	where does the title screen fade out . ?	classroom
25146	A camera shoots various shots all around a city and shoe store .	what shoots various shots all around a city and shoe store ?	camera
25148	A man talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear .	who talks to the woman about what shoes she likes to wear ?	man
25151	Several runners are getting ready to start a race .	who are getting ready to start the race ?	runners
25154	The man who wins the race comes across the finish line .	who comes across the finish line ?	man
25156	a list of ingredients is shown and the items are in a white table .	what is the color of the table ?	white
25157	fist a bag of tea is sumerge in boiled water and added some syrup into a starbucks cup .	what did fist a bag of tea add into a starbucks cup ?	syrup
25158	A news station ad appears on the screen .	what appears on the screen ?	ad
25159	We see two reporters outdoors , talking with members of a running team .	who do we see , ?	outdoors
25159	We see two reporters outdoors , talking with members of a running team .	how many reporters outdoors do we see , talking with members of a running team ?	two
25162	A woman is in a kitchen , talking in front of an array of sandwich fixings .	who is in the kitchen , talking in front of an array of sandwich fixings ?	woman
25163	She opens the bread , and applies meat , cheese , pickles , and mustard .	what does she open ?	bread
25164	She closes the sandwiches , and puts them in a heated panini press .	what does she close ?	sandwiches
25165	She removes the sandwiches as they are toasted , and plates them .	what does she remove ?	sandwiches
25168	A woman cuts the nails of the back legs of a cat with a nail trimmer , while a person restraints the cat .	who cuts the nails of the back legs of a cat with a nail trimmer , while a person restraints the cat ?	woman
25169	Then , the woman stands on front the cat , and the person holds the cat from a neck .	who does then , stand on front the cat , and the person holds the cat from a neck ?	woman
25169	Then , the woman stands on front the cat , and the person holds the cat from a neck .	what does then , the woman stand on front the cat , and the person holds from a neck ?	cat
25170	After , the woman cuts the nails of the front legs , but the cat kicks .	who does after , cut the nails of the front legs , but the cat kicks ?	woman
25170	After , the woman cuts the nails of the front legs , but the cat kicks .	what does after , the woman cut the nails of the front legs , but kicks ?	cat
25171	A person wearing black clothes enters the room .	the person wearing what enters the room ?	clothes
25171	A person wearing black clothes enters the room .	what is the person wearing black clothes enters ?	room
25171	A person wearing black clothes enters the room .	what is the color of the clothes ?	black
25176	A man wearing headphones is seen speaking into a microphone and begins playing a harmonica into the mic .	who is wearing headphones is seen speaking into a microphone and begins playing a harmonica into the mic ?	man
25176	A man wearing headphones is seen speaking into a microphone and begins playing a harmonica into the mic .	the man wearing what is seen speaking into a microphone and begins playing a harmonica into the mic ?	headphones
25177	The man continues playing and the camera ends with a close up of the instrument .	who continues playing and the camera ends with a close up of the instrument ?	man
25179	The woman then begins dancing around with the women while following her around .	who then begins dancing around with the women while following her around ?	woman
25180	The women switch places with men and then begin following the woman dancing around .	who switch places with men and then begin following the woman dancing around ?	women
25181	A woman in a blue shirt is walking along a slack line .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
25182	She falls off and grabs the rope .	what does she grab ?	rope
25183	A man is doing a gymnastics routine on parallel bars .	who is doing the gymnastics routine on parallel bars ?	man
25187	Several schools are shown and the SB4TS is in the bottom right corner as a group in blue shirts and black pants begin to perform and make various formations .	what is the color of the shirts ?	blue
25187	Several schools are shown and the SB4TS is in the bottom right corner as a group in blue shirts and black pants begin to perform and make various formations .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
25188	A gyros restaurant is shown from the outside .	what is shown from the outside ?	restaurant
25189	We enter , and the chef begins talking to the camera .	who do we enter , and begins talking to the camera ?	chef
25191	He places all the ingredients on the counter , shaves the meat , and begins to stack them inside the pita .	what does he place on the counter ?	ingredients
25191	He places all the ingredients on the counter , shaves the meat , and begins to stack them inside the pita .	what does he shave ?	meat
25192	He continues talking for the camera , then serves the camera man a gyro .	, then serves who the gyro ?	man
25192	He continues talking for the camera , then serves the camera man a gyro .	, then serves the camera man what ?	gyro
25193	The man eats it , nodding in approval .	who eats it , nodding in approval ?	man
25194	A man is seen creating sparks onto a metal pole while moving it along the side .	who is seen creating sparks onto a metal pole while moving it along the side ?	man
25195	He then puts the torch down and zooms in on the bar .	he then puts what down ?	torch
25204	A man is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment and begins moving himself back and fourth on the machine .	who is seen sitting on the piece of exercise equipment and begins moving himself back and fourth on the machine ?	man
25205	The man continues moving back an fourth while pulling his body back and ends by unhooking himself and moving his feet .	who continues moving back an fourth while pulling his body back and ends by unhooking himself and moving his feet ?	man
25206	A dealer is dealing cards at a blackjack table .	who is dealing cards at a blackjack table ?	dealer
25208	A man in a white shirt is standing up next to the table .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
25212	The man swims under a rock arch .	who swims under the rock arch ?	man
25213	Two people are seen standing ready with one running down a track and into a sand pit .	how many people are seen standing ready with one running down a track and into a sand pit ?	two
25214	The man lays down while another raises a flag and walks away from the track .	who lays down while another raises a flag and walks away from the track ?	man
25215	An girl is seen sitting at a table holding various objects in her hands and pushing them all together .	who is seen sitting at the table holding various objects in her hands and pushing them all together ?	girl
25220	A guy throws a dart at the dart board .	who throws the dart at the dart board ?	guy
25221	The dart hits the bullseye .	what hits the bullseye ?	dart
25222	A small group of people are seen walking the red carpet and speaking to one another .	what is the color of the carpet ?	red
25223	An athlete is then seen speaking with a new host and several shots of him playing and riding a horse are shown .	who is then seen speaking with the new host and several shots of him playing and riding a horse are shown ?	athlete
25224	More clips are shown of him playing a sport and speaking to the host and shaking his hand .	what are shown of him playing a sport and speaking to the host and shaking his hand ?	clips
25225	A woman makes a tattoo in the arm of a girl while cleaning with a tissue .	who makes the tattoo in the arm of a girl while cleaning with a tissue ?	woman
25226	The girl makes pain gestures in the face .	who makes pain gestures in the face ?	girl
25228	More clips are shown of the actors playing with one another and a man showing the footage on a computer while speaking to the camera .	what are shown of the actors playing with one another and a man showing the footage on a computer while speaking to the camera ?	clips
25230	A woman dressed in all black with a visor and sunglasses is talking holding a paddle .	who dressed in all black with a visor and sunglasses is talking holding a paddle ?	woman
25230	A woman dressed in all black with a visor and sunglasses is talking holding a paddle .	what is the color of the woman ?	black
25231	Once she is done talking , she begins kayaking with her white dog between her legs .	what is the color of the dog ?	white
25232	Now the woman is out of the water and begins doing arm exercises with the paddle behind her head lifting it up and down .	now who is out of the water and begins doing arm exercises with the paddle behind her head lifting it up and down ?	woman
25235	A girl is standing outside in a field talking and hula hooping .	who is standing outside in the field talking and hula hooping ?	girl
25236	Another girl then tries to do the same thing but she is n't successful .	who then tries to do the same thing but she is n't successful ?	girl
25237	The first girl comes back and does it effortlessly as the second girl still struggles .	who comes back and does it effortlessly as the second girl still struggles ?	girl
25238	For the last round , the girl begins to hula hoop and drinks soda and runs across the grass .	for the last round , who begins to hula hoop and drinks soda and runs across the grass ?	girl
25239	Two men are seen speaking to the camera when another walks into frame laughing and walks away .	how many men are seen speaking to the camera when another walks into frame laughing and walks away ?	two
25244	The women then has to grab the dog and hold him to finish her task .	who then has to grab the dog and hold him to finish her task ?	women
25245	Once complete , she takes the hair out of the vacuum and dumps it into a big black trash bag .	what is the color of the bag ?	black
25246	A blonde women runs jumps and twist a lands on the padding .	who runs jumps and twist a lands on the padding ?	women
25246	A blonde women runs jumps and twist a lands on the padding .	what do the blonde women twist on the padding ?	lands
25249	She is laughing down on the ground and a man comes up to help her up .	who is she laughing down on the ground and comes up to help her up ?	man
25251	One guy stands up with a violin .	who stands up with the violin ?	guy
25251	One guy stands up with a violin .	how many guy stands up with the violin ?	one
25252	The guy begins playing the violin and dancing .	who begins playing the violin and dancing ?	guy
25253	The guy kicks his shoe off while dancing .	who kicks his shoe off while dancing ?	guy
25253	The guy kicks his shoe off while dancing .	what does the guy kick off while dancing ?	shoe
25254	The guy sits down and plays the violin .	who sits down and plays the violin ?	guy
25254	The guy sits down and plays the violin .	what does the guy play ?	violin
25256	They are dressed in maroon and yellow colored uniforms and white hats .	what is the color of the hats ?	white
25257	There are some students playing the drums and some students playing the trumpet .	who are there playing the drums and some students playing the trumpet ?	students
25262	The boys talk , laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups .	who talk , laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups ?	boys
25264	A woman is seen kneeling down next to a vacuum followed by several pictures of her vacuuming and moving around the carpet .	who is seen kneeling down next to the vacuum followed by several pictures of her vacuuming and moving around the carpet ?	woman
25265	More pictures are shown of the carpet as well as her kneeling down and she empties out a vacuum while still speaking to the camera .	what are shown of the carpet as well as her kneeling down and she empties out a vacuum while still speaking to the camera ?	pictures
25268	An older woman sitting at the table reading her paper work .	who is sitting at the table reading her paper work ?	woman
25269	Her husband comes up behind her and reads through it with her .	who comes up behind her and reads through it with her ?	husband
25270	Roofers are on the roof fixing some issues , putting in some new shingles .	who are on the roof fixing some issues , putting in some new shingles ?	roofers
25271	A woman on the phone with the company walks up and hands the phone to her husband .	what does the woman on the phone with the company hand to her husband ?	phone
25272	A man walks into a gym and bends in front of a weight .	who walks into the gym and bends in front of a weight ?	man
25273	the man tries to lift the weight two times and drops it .	who tries to lift the weight two times and drops it ?	man
25273	the man tries to lift the weight two times and drops it .	how many times does the man try to lift the weight ?	two
25274	The man lifts the weight three times and walks away .	who lifts the weight three times and walks away ?	man
25274	The man lifts the weight three times and walks away .	how many times does the man lift the weight ?	three
25275	The man lifts the weight two times .	who lifts the weight two times ?	man
25275	The man lifts the weight two times .	how many times does the man lift the weight ?	two
25276	the man lifts the weight three times and walks away .	who lifts the weight three times and walks away ?	man
25276	the man lifts the weight three times and walks away .	how many times does the man lift the weight ?	three
25277	The man lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt .	who lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt ?	man
25277	The man lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt .	what does the man lift the weight ?	tines
25277	The man lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt .	what does the man remove ?	belt
25277	The man lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt .	how many tines does the man lift the weight ?	two
25278	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her sanding down a board in several locations .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her sanding down a board in several locations ?	woman
25282	We see three people riding stationary bikes in a gym .	we see three people riding what in a gym ?	bicycles
25282	We see three people riding stationary bikes in a gym .	how many people do we see riding stationary bikes in a gym ?	three
25283	The camera moves closer to the bikers .	what moves closer to the bikers ?	camera
25284	The lady stop and adjusts something on her bike .	who stop and adjusts something on her bike ?	lady
25286	The lady is riding her bike slower .	who is riding her bike slower ?	lady
25287	The lady is riding her bike slowly .	who is riding her bike slowly ?	lady
25287	The lady is riding her bike slowly .	what is the lady riding slowly ?	bicycle
25288	We see the closing screen on a blue background .	what is the color of the background ?	blue
25290	The woman is seen speaking to the camera and continues to run around the beach area .	who is seen speaking to the camera and continues to run around the beach area ?	woman
25291	She runs along the boardwalk as well as past people and ends with her running a race and being interviewed .	what does she run along as well as past people ?	boardwalk
25292	People are rock climbing up rocks .	what are people climbing up rocks ?	rock
25292	People are rock climbing up rocks .	people are rock climbing up what ?	rocks
25294	A gymnast wearing a magenta leotard is performing on the horse bar .	who is wearing a magenta leotard is performing on the horse bar ?	gymnast
25294	A gymnast wearing a magenta leotard is performing on the horse bar .	the gymnast wearing what is performing on the horse bar ?	leotard
25298	She completes her round after she jumps off of the horse bar doing a back flip .	what does she complete ?	round
25299	Then the gymnast walks away from the performing area .	who does then walk away from the performing area ?	gymnast
25300	A man is sitting on top of a horse .	who is sitting on top of a horse ?	man
25302	The horse runs from bull in the pen .	what runs from bull in the pen ?	horse
25306	A man wearing a black shirt is sitting and playing the guitar in front of a black backdrop .	who is wearing a black shirt is sitting and playing the guitar in front of a black backdrop ?	man
25306	A man wearing a black shirt is sitting and playing the guitar in front of a black backdrop .	the man wearing what is sitting and playing the guitar in front of a black backdrop ?	shirt
25306	A man wearing a black shirt is sitting and playing the guitar in front of a black backdrop .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
25306	A man wearing a black shirt is sitting and playing the guitar in front of a black backdrop .	what is the color of the backdrop ?	black
25314	A meal is cooked in a frying pan .	what is cooked in the frying pan ?	meal
25314	A meal is cooked in a frying pan .	where is the meal cooked . ?	pan
25316	Surfers ride large waves in the ocean .	who ride large waves in the ocean ?	surfers
25317	Jet skis pull surfers towards waves in the ocean .	what pull surfers towards waves in the ocean ?	skis
25321	We see one team up close .	how many team do we see up close ?	one
25323	The racers pass a banner and we see the green team again .	who pass the banner and we see the green team again ?	racers
25323	The racers pass a banner and we see the green team again .	what do the racers pass and we see the green team again ?	banner
25323	The racers pass a banner and we see the green team again .	what is the color of the team ?	green
25326	A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins polishing a black shoe with a brush .	who is seen speaking to the camera and begins polishing a black shoe with a brush ?	man
25326	A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins polishing a black shoe with a brush .	what is the color of the shoe ?	black
25327	He points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands .	what does he flip around with his hands ?	shoe
25328	A man is seen riding around on the water wake boarding behind a boat .	who is seen riding around on the water wake boarding behind a boat ?	man
25329	The man is shown in several clips performing a trick with camera affects point to his movements .	who is shown in several clips performing a trick with camera affects point to his movements ?	man
25330	The man continues to ride around on the board while text appears to give instructions .	who continues to ride around on the board while text appears to give instructions ?	man
25331	There is a large gymnasium where three gymnasts are performing gymnastics .	how many gymnasts is there a large gymnasium where are performing gymnastics ?	three
25332	There 's one gymnast in orange leotards swinging on the rod and another gymnast next to him also swinging on the bars .	how many gymnast does there 's in orange leotards swinging on the rod and another gymnast next to him also swinging on the bars ?	one
25332	There 's one gymnast in orange leotards swinging on the rod and another gymnast next to him also swinging on the bars .	what is the color of the leotards ?	orange
25334	The third gymnast is performing behind them , doing front and back flips .	who is performing behind them , doing front and back flips ?	gymnast
25335	The gymnast in the orange leotards does another front swing and then gets off the bars and walks away .	the gymnast in the orange leotards then gets off what and walks away ?	bars
25335	The gymnast in the orange leotards does another front swing and then gets off the bars and walks away .	what is the color of the leotards ?	orange
25336	A man is seen speaking to a camera and leads into he pouring liquid into a bowl and rubbing it into a wooden object .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into he pouring liquid into a bowl and rubbing it into a wooden object ?	man
25338	We see a tree with leaves blowing int he wind .	what do we see with leaves blowing int he wind ?	tree
25339	A man rakes his yard and talks to the camera .	who rakes his yard and talks to the camera ?	man
25340	The man chooses a rake from four .	who chooses the rake from four ?	man
25340	The man chooses a rake from four .	who does the man choose from four ?	rake
25341	The man throws some grass in the garbage .	who throws some grass in the garbage ?	man
25342	The man picks up and smells a twig with leaves .	who picks up and smells the twig with leaves ?	man
25342	The man picks up and smells a twig with leaves .	what does the man smell with leaves ?	twig
25343	The man throws his rake into the yard .	who throws his rake into the yard ?	man
25343	The man throws his rake into the yard .	who does the man throw into the yard ?	rake
25344	The man sprinkles leaves into the yard and rakes them up .	who sprinkles leaves into the yard and rakes them up ?	man
25344	The man sprinkles leaves into the yard and rakes them up .	what does the man sprinkle into the yard ?	leaves
25345	We then see the twigs and leaves again .	what do we then see ?	twigs
25346	A male worker walks up to an elephant .	who walks up to an elephant ?	worker
25347	He gives the elephant a dart .	what does he give the elephant ?	dart
25349	A young man is seen sitting at the bottom of a pool .	who is seen sitting at the bottom of a pool ?	man
25354	Athletes performs high jump successfully in a stadium full of people .	who performs high jump successfully in a stadium full of people ?	athletes
25355	An athlete jumps , but touch the horizontal rod .	who jumps , but touch the horizontal rod ?	athlete
25355	An athlete jumps , but touch the horizontal rod .	what do an athlete touch ?	rod
25356	Other athletes perform high jump in a competition on front a crow .	who perform high jump in a competition on front a crow ?	athletes
25357	A woman is walking her horse out to a field to ride .	who is walking her horse out to a field to ride ?	woman
25357	A woman is walking her horse out to a field to ride .	what is the woman walking out to a field ?	horse
25358	The horses tail is braided back and she is wearing pink .	what is braided back and she is wearing pink ?	tail
25359	The lady gets on the horse and ride it around hitting a ball around .	who gets on the horse and ride it around hitting a ball around ?	lady
25360	The horses tail is no longer braided as they ride around in the sand .	what is no longer braided as they ride around in the sand ?	tail
25361	Three women are sitting in a room behind the table knitting scarves and hats before a logo appears .	who are sitting in the room behind the table knitting scarves and hats before a logo appears ?	women
25361	Three women are sitting in a room behind the table knitting scarves and hats before a logo appears .	how many women are sitting in the room behind the table knitting scarves and hats before a logo appears ?	three
25362	They all reappear and begin knitting a purple scarf as they talk .	what is the color of the scarf ?	purple
25363	Next , each lady begins to talk and show pictures of who they are making the special garment for .	who does next , begin to talk and show pictures of who they are making the special garment for ?	lady
25364	The shirtless man is doing crunches .	who is doing crunches ?	man
25365	The woman is doing crunches while her legs is on a machine .	who is doing crunches while her legs is on a machine ?	woman
25366	The woman is holding the man 's feet as he crunches .	who is holding the man 's feet as he crunches ?	woman
25366	The woman is holding the man 's feet as he crunches .	who is the woman holding feet ?	man
25367	The man is moving his legs while he has big yoga ball under his legs .	who is moving his legs while he has big yoga ball under his legs ?	man
25368	A woman gets her eyebrow clamped .	who gets her eyebrow clamped ?	woman
25369	A person pushes a needle through her eyebrow .	what does the person push through her eyebrow ?	needle
25370	They twist an earring into the eyebrow .	what do they twist into the eyebrow ?	earring
25372	More lettering appear on different black screens and together they read `` MALEFICENT NAILS `` and `` FOR EASIER USE RED NAIL TIPS IF YOU HAVE USA PUNTAS ROJAS SI TIENES '' .	what is the color of the screens ?	black
25373	Two teams play ice hockey the white team scores , and people in the bleaches cheers , then the red teams scores for his team , then they continue playing .	how many teams play ice hockey the white team scores , and people in the bleaches cheers , then the red teams scores for his team ?	two
25373	Two teams play ice hockey the white team scores , and people in the bleaches cheers , then the red teams scores for his team , then they continue playing .	what is the color of the scores ?	white
25373	Two teams play ice hockey the white team scores , and people in the bleaches cheers , then the red teams scores for his team , then they continue playing .	what is the color of the scores ?	red
25375	After the red team score .	what is the color of the score ?	red
25377	Then , the players continue playing and the red team scores and wins the competition .	what is the color of the scores ?	red
25378	People are playing the drums in a room .	what are people playing in a room ?	drums
25378	People are playing the drums in a room .	where are people playing the drums . ?	room
25379	They begin marching back and forth in the room .	where do they begin marching . ?	room
25381	A camera pans around a room and leads into a room rubbing paper down and putting a box in the middle .	what pans around the room and leads into a room rubbing paper down and putting a box in the middle ?	camera
25382	The woman wraps the box up in paper and pushing in the sides .	who wraps the box up in paper and pushing in the sides ?	woman
25382	The woman wraps the box up in paper and pushing in the sides .	what does the woman wrap up in paper and pushing in the sides ?	box
25383	She tapes up the sides and uses a ribbon to tie the box up and ends by unwrapping it and showing what 's inside .	she tapes up the sides and uses what ?	ribbon
25386	The man stops throwing and ducks down for a moment then continues to throw .	who stops throwing and ducks down for the moment then continues to throw ?	man
25387	A lady wipes something off the mans face and the man and his entourage begin to leave the area .	who wipes something off the mans face and the man and his entourage begin to leave the area ?	lady
25389	We see a man running to measure the distance .	who do we see running to measure the distance ?	man
25395	A person wraps the box in the fabric and ties it up .	where does the person wrap the box . ?	fabric
25396	We see the person wrap to bottles in the fabric together .	what do we see to bottles in the fabric together ?	wrap
25397	They then put two bottles in a bag and tie it .	what did they then put in a bag ?	bottles
25397	They then put two bottles in a bag and tie it .	how many bottles did they then put in a bag ?	two
25397	They then put two bottles in a bag and tie it .	where did they then put two bottles . ?	bag
25402	A girl in a blue shirt holds up a pack of fake finger nails .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
25405	A boy in red overalls is playing hopscotch .	what is the color of the overalls ?	red
25406	A woman walks behind him and sits down .	who walks behind him and sits down ?	woman
25407	The boy finishes and reaches for the person filming .	who finishes and reaches for the person filming ?	boy
25409	The person then cuts up more fruits and adds it to the bowl and mixes it all around together to create a fruit bowl .	the person then cuts up what and adds it to the bowl ?	fruits
25410	A woman is outside in a large green field talking , holding up a bow and arrow in front of a white paper with a large target .	who is outside in the large green field talking , holding up a bow and arrow in front of a white paper with a large target ?	woman
25410	A woman is outside in a large green field talking , holding up a bow and arrow in front of a white paper with a large target .	what is the color of the field ?	green
25410	A woman is outside in a large green field talking , holding up a bow and arrow in front of a white paper with a large target .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
25414	A small boy wearing a blue and yellow hoodie and gray sweat pants in standing in an outdoor tennis court .	who is wearing a blue and yellow hoodie and gray sweat pants in standing in an outdoor tennis court ?	boy
25414	A small boy wearing a blue and yellow hoodie and gray sweat pants in standing in an outdoor tennis court .	what is the color of the pants ?	gray
25415	He is holding a blue racket as he bounces the yellow and orange tennis ball on the court .	what is the color of the racket ?	blue
25418	The ball goes over the net and falls on the other side of the court .	what goes over the net and falls on the other side of the court ?	ball
25420	We see the title on a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
25424	Sharpen a different knife and cuts a tomato and shows us the sharpener .	cuts what and shows us the sharpener ?	tomato
25424	Sharpen a different knife and cuts a tomato and shows us the sharpener .	cuts a tomato and shows us what ?	sharpener
25427	A little boy is shown using a pumpkin cutter to cut faces into a pumpkin .	who is shown using the pumpkin cutter to cut faces into a pumpkin ?	boy
25428	The boy is then shown scooping out a pumpkin using a pumpkin scoop .	who is then shown scooping out the pumpkin using a pumpkin scoop ?	boy
25431	A black screen appears with red and white letters on it that say `` DISCUS THROW Example of CORRECTION of a DELIVERY PROBLEM for a beginner '' .	what appears with red and white letters on it that say `` discus throw example of correction of a delivery problem for a beginner '' ?	screen
25431	A black screen appears with red and white letters on it that say `` DISCUS THROW Example of CORRECTION of a DELIVERY PROBLEM for a beginner '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25432	A young lady is now standing on a concrete circle and she begins swinging her red discus , then swings her body and then throws it .	who is now standing on the concrete circle and she begins swinging her red discus , then swings her body and then throws it ?	lady
25432	A young lady is now standing on a concrete circle and she begins swinging her red discus , then swings her body and then throws it .	what is the color of the discus ?	red
25433	The same young lady is now standing in a different area holding a hand towel as she practices her swings and words on the screen give tips .	who is now standing in the different area holding a hand towel as she practices her swings and words on the screen give tips ?	lady
25434	The girl is back on the concrete circle swinging her disc and she then throws the disc .	who is back on the concrete circle swinging her disc and she then throws the disc ?	girl
25434	The girl is back on the concrete circle swinging her disc and she then throws the disc .	what is the girl back on the concrete circle swinging and she then throws the disc ?	disc
25434	The girl is back on the concrete circle swinging her disc and she then throws the disc .	what is the girl back on the concrete circle swinging her disc and she then throws ?	disc
25435	A black screen appears again with red and white words that say `` OTHER SIMILAR EXERCISES ON THE SAME IDEA : FOCUS ON THE LOW POINT OF THE IMPLEMENT TRAJECTORY .	what appears again with red and white words that say `` other similar exercises on the same idea : focus on the low point of the implement trajectory ?	screen
25435	A black screen appears again with red and white words that say `` OTHER SIMILAR EXERCISES ON THE SAME IDEA : FOCUS ON THE LOW POINT OF THE IMPLEMENT TRAJECTORY .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25436	A boy is now standing on the concrete circle and he 's practicing his swings with a shirt .	who is now standing on the concrete circle and he 's practicing his swings with a shirt ?	boy
25437	A man is now indoors and he 's practicing his swings with a golf club .	who is now indoors and he 's practicing his swings with a golf club ?	man
25438	The outro screen is mainly white with a black design on it and the name of the company and a person .	what is mainly white with the black design on it and the name of the company and a person ?	screen
25438	The outro screen is mainly white with a black design on it and the name of the company and a person .	what is the color of the design ?	black
25439	A man sets a timer on a table .	who sets the timer on a table ?	man
25442	A girl is standing with a hula hoop in her hand .	who is standing with the hula hoop in her hand ?	girl
25443	The girl talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	girl
25444	The girl demonstrates the hula hoop .	who demonstrates the hula hoop ?	girl
25444	The girl demonstrates the hula hoop .	what does the girl demonstrate ?	hoop
25445	The girl drops the hula hoop and poses .	who drops the hula hoop and poses ?	girl
25445	The girl drops the hula hoop and poses .	what does the girl drop ?	hoop
25448	A boy sits in a room and talks to a camera while holding a demonstrating how to use an electronic cigarette .	who sits in the room and talks to a camera while holding a demonstrating how to use an electronic cigarette ?	boy
25449	The boy unscrews the cigarette to reveal the inside mechanism .	who unscrews the cigarette to reveal the inside mechanism ?	boy
25449	The boy unscrews the cigarette to reveal the inside mechanism .	what does the boy unscrew ?	cigarette
25450	The boy puts the cigarette back together and begins to smoke it as a woman walks by in the background , and then he continues to talk to the camera .	who puts the cigarette back together and begins to smoke it as a woman walks by in the background , and then he continues to talk to the camera ?	boy
25450	The boy puts the cigarette back together and begins to smoke it as a woman walks by in the background , and then he continues to talk to the camera .	what does the boy put back together , and then he continues to talk to the camera ?	cigarette
25453	A man then speaks to the camera and ends with information being presented and the man putting down more paper .	who then speaks to the camera and ends with information being presented and the man putting down more paper ?	man
25454	An athletic woman is seen standing in a circle moving in a slow motion holding a discuss .	who is seen standing in the circle moving in a slow motion holding a discuss ?	woman
25456	A man in gray shirt is sitting on a chair .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
25457	The man is pointing an empty canvas with his brush as he continue to talk .	who is pointing an empty canvas with his brush as he continue to talk ?	man
25457	The man is pointing an empty canvas with his brush as he continue to talk .	what is the man pointing with his brush ?	canvas
25458	The man hold out his brush , dip the brush on the colors and began painting on the bigger canvas .	who hold out his brush , dip the brush on the colors and began painting on the bigger canvas ?	man
25458	The man hold out his brush , dip the brush on the colors and began painting on the bigger canvas .	what did the man begin on the bigger canvas ?	painting
25459	A woman is seen smiling and speaking to the camera .	who is seen smiling and speaking to the camera ?	woman
25460	Another man is seen sitting behind her with another man in front .	who is seen sitting behind her with another man in front ?	man
25461	The woman continues speaking while the man in front cleans the other 's shoes .	who continues speaking while the man in front cleans the other 's shoes ?	woman
25465	A person polish a shoe with a wrapped finger .	what do the person polish with a wrapped finger ?	shoe
25470	A box is set on top of the wrapping paper .	what is set on top of the wrapping paper ?	box
25474	They use tape to hold the paper on .	what do they use ?	tape
25478	They stick a silver flower into the present .	what do they stick into the present ?	flower
25481	Another black screen appears with captions .	what appears with captions ?	screen
25481	Another black screen appears with captions .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25482	Another black screen appears with caption about finding arm wrestling clubs .	what appears with caption about finding arm wrestling clubs ?	screen
25482	Another black screen appears with caption about finding arm wrestling clubs .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25484	The screen goes black and there are credits rolling followed by a company name .	what goes black and there are credits rolling followed by a company name ?	screen
25485	A bald man is talking and two pictures of a young male with nice hair flashes on the screen .	who is talking and two pictures of a young male with nice hair flashes on the screen ?	man
25485	A bald man is talking and two pictures of a young male with nice hair flashes on the screen .	how many pictures of a young male with nice hair flashes on the screen ?	two
25486	A black screen with white letters appear and they read `` Thanks for wathing !	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25486	A black screen with white letters appear and they read `` Thanks for wathing !	what is the color of the letters ?	white
25488	An older man passes a ball to a group of small kids and eventually kicks the ball .	who passes the ball to a group of small kids and eventually kicks the ball ?	man
25488	An older man passes a ball to a group of small kids and eventually kicks the ball .	what does an older man pass to a group of small kids ?	ball
25488	An older man passes a ball to a group of small kids and eventually kicks the ball .	an older man eventually kicks what ?	ball
25489	The man runs as other kids run and runs all the way to home plate .	who runs as other kids run and runs all the way to home plate ?	man
25490	A woman runs in front of the base with the ball and the man trips over her .	who runs in front of the base with the ball and the man trips over her ?	woman
25492	A girl demonstrates several advanced dance , and gymnastic moves in many different locations throughout a city .	who demonstrates several advanced dance , and gymnastic moves in many different locations throughout a city ?	girl
25493	A girl stands on a grass covered field and paved sidewalk and performs several gymnastic flips and cheerleading moves .	who stands on the grass covered field and paved sidewalk and performs several gymnastic flips and cheerleading moves ?	girl
25494	The girl then returns to the grass and does several more advanced backflips .	who then returns to the grass and does several more advanced backflips ?	girl
25497	A man talks to the camera while seated at a drum set while another man plays drums in the background .	who talks to the camera while seated at a drum set while another man plays drums in the background ?	man
25498	The first man plays the drums .	who plays the drums ?	man
25498	The first man plays the drums .	what does the first man play ?	drums
25499	The first man stops playing and turns to the camera .	who stops playing and turns to the camera ?	man
25500	We see the white opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
25500	We see the white opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
25501	A man in jump stilts throws a bag over his shoulder and leaves a bank .	what does the man in jump stilts leave ?	bank
25503	The man pushes through a market .	who pushes through the market ?	man
25504	The man jumps over a stroller being pushed by a lady .	who jumps over the stroller being pushed by a lady ?	man
25505	The man jumps over a truck and over a fence losing the cops .	who jumps over the truck and over a fence losing the cops ?	man
25506	The man runs through a skate park down a city street and up stairs .	who runs through the skate park down a city street and up stairs ?	man
25507	The man opens the bag and counts his cash .	who opens the bag and counts his cash ?	man
25507	The man opens the bag and counts his cash .	what does the man open ?	bag
25507	The man opens the bag and counts his cash .	what does the man count ?	cash
25508	We see a closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
25512	A man does spins around in a circle and completes the throw celebrating his distance .	who does spins around in the circle and completes the throw celebrating his distance ?	man
25518	A man dressed in army fatigues is playing bagpipes while other people watch .	who dressed in army fatigues is playing bagpipes while other people watch ?	man
25518	A man dressed in army fatigues is playing bagpipes while other people watch .	the man dressed in army fatigues is playing what ?	bagpipes
25519	A woman is shown in the background dancing around as he plays .	who is shown in the background dancing around as he plays ?	woman
25523	Then several images of dogs are shown and then the woman reappears alone .	who are then several images of dogs shown and then reappears alone ?	woman
25525	The man then reappears with the lady and they begin to talk again .	who then reappears with the lady and they begin to talk again ?	man
25526	Lastly , the man walks off and a black screen appears showing multiple websites .	who does lastly , walk off and the black screen appears showing multiple websites ?	man
25526	Lastly , the man walks off and a black screen appears showing multiple websites .	what does lastly , the man walk off and appears showing multiple websites ?	screen
25526	Lastly , the man walks off and a black screen appears showing multiple websites .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25527	Some boys are inside a gym .	who are inside the gym ?	boys
25531	A skateboarder wearing a white helmet skates by followed by another skateboarder while the camera pans a group of skateboarder spectators watching from the street curb .	who is wearing a white helmet skates by followed by another skateboarder while the camera pans a group of skateboarder spectators watching from the street curb ?	skateboarder
25531	A skateboarder wearing a white helmet skates by followed by another skateboarder while the camera pans a group of skateboarder spectators watching from the street curb .	the skateboarder wearing what by followed by another skateboarder while the camera pans a group of skateboarder spectators watching from the street curb ?	skates
25531	A skateboarder wearing a white helmet skates by followed by another skateboarder while the camera pans a group of skateboarder spectators watching from the street curb .	what is the color of the skates ?	white
25535	Spectators watch from the street curb while a group of skateboarders take turns skating down hill and making a sharp spin stop at a designated spot .	who watch from the street curb while a group of skateboarders take turns skating down hill and making a sharp spin stop at a designated spot ?	spectators
25536	man is in a oofed gym stretching his leg and doing exercise in front of a chair .	who is in the oofed gym stretching his leg and doing exercise in front of a chair ?	man
25537	the man bend the other leg and stretch it .	who bend the other leg and stretch it ?	man
25538	A man kneels to grab a weight while a man watch him .	who kneels to grab the weight while a man watch him ?	man
25539	A topless fat man practice weight lift behind the man .	who do practice lift behind the man ?	weight
25541	Then , the man lifts the weight , after he drops the weight to the floor .	who does then , lift the weight , after he drops the weight to the floor ?	man
25542	Again , the man kneels again and lift the weight above his head and then drop it .	again , who kneels again and lift the weight above his head and then drop it ?	man
25543	Two man sit at a table .	who sit at the table ?	man
25543	Two man sit at a table .	how many man sit at the table ?	two
25544	The man closest to camera crochets .	who closest to camera crochets ?	man
25545	The man closest to camera scratches his ear .	who closest to camera scratches his ear ?	man
25547	Then , the man runs and launch the javelin .	then , who runs and launch the javelin ?	man
25548	A woman demonstrates how to apply wallpaper to a wall .	who demonstrates how to apply wallpaper to a wall ?	woman
25549	A woman holds up the various tools needed to apply wallpaper .	who holds up the various tools needed to apply wallpaper ?	woman
25549	A woman holds up the various tools needed to apply wallpaper .	what does the woman hold up needed to apply wallpaper ?	tools
25550	The woman demonstrates the process before applying the paper in short demonstration segments .	who demonstrates the process before applying the paper in short demonstration segments ?	woman
25551	The woman then begins to apply the wallpaper to a wall step by step .	who then begins to apply the wallpaper to a wall step by step ?	woman
25562	The coach is trying to fight another coach .	who is trying to fight another coach ?	coach
25563	A man climbs over the balcony to try and fight .	who climbs over the balcony to try and fight ?	man
25564	The red team gathers and hugs each other .	what is the color of the team ?	red
25565	People are sitting bored in a lounge .	where are people sitting bored . ?	lounge
25566	A man walks in holding a portable beer pong table .	who walks in holding the portable beer pong table ?	man
25569	A man holds up a ping pong ball in front of a group of people .	who holds up the ping pong ball in front of a group of people ?	man
25571	A skateboarder come rolling down a steep road .	who come rolling down the steep road ?	skateboarder
25572	Skateboarders roll down the middle of public streets .	who roll down the middle of public streets ?	skateboarders
25574	A man claps after performing a high jump on the field .	who claps after performing the high jump on the field ?	man
25581	A little girl is outside on a snowy day .	who is outside on the snowy day ?	girl
25584	Two women are shown standing behind a shuffle board table when one pushes a puck across the board .	who are shown standing behind the shuffle board table when one pushes a puck across the board ?	women
25584	Two women are shown standing behind a shuffle board table when one pushes a puck across the board .	how many women are shown standing behind the shuffle board table when one pushes a puck across the board ?	two
25585	The other woman prepares her push and send it to a man standing on the other side .	who prepares her push and send it to a man standing on the other side ?	woman
25588	The people play beer pong back and fourth and a woman takes a drink in the end that is gross .	what do the people play back and fourth and a woman takes a drink in the end that is gross ?	pong
25590	The presenter styles a female client 's hair .	who styles the female client 's hair ?	presenter
25590	The presenter styles a female client 's hair .	who does the presenter style hair ?	client
25591	The presenter speaks directly into the camera .	who speaks directly into the camera ?	presenter
25592	The client spins slowly on a chair to present her hair .	who spins slowly on the chair to present her hair ?	client
25593	The stylist wets the client 's hair .	who wets the client 's hair ?	stylist
25593	The stylist wets the client 's hair .	who does the stylist wet hair ?	client
25594	The stylist parts the clients hair .	who the clients hair ?	stylist
25594	The stylist parts the clients hair .	the stylist parts who ?	hair
25595	The stylist uses a brush and a blow dryer to add volume , texture and curl to the client 's hair .	who uses the brush and a blow dryer to add volume , texture and curl to the client 's hair ?	stylist
25596	The stylist sprays the clients hair .	who sprays the clients hair ?	stylist
25596	The stylist sprays the clients hair .	who does the stylist spray ?	hair
25597	The stylist uses his hand to position the bangs .	who uses his hand to position the bangs ?	stylist
25598	The stylist use his hand to add a gel product to the client hair .	who use his hand to add a gel product to the client hair ?	stylist
25599	The client spins slowly on the chair to show of her hair style .	who spins slowly on the chair to show of her hair style ?	client
25601	A man in a white asian inspired outfit stands outdoors , surrounded by trees , on the grass , and performs several slow martial arts and meditation moves .	what is the color of the asian ?	white
25603	The man runs into the frame into the center of the grass , centers himself and does a leg lift followed by several slow hand movements up and down and around .	who runs into the frame into the center of the grass , centers himself and does a leg lift followed by several slow hand movements up and down and around ?	man
25604	The man continues to perform slow martial arts moves using feet , hands , knees , and shoulders moving around the grass patch and sometime stomping his feet on the ground .	who continues to perform slow martial arts moves using feet , hands , knees , and shoulders moving around the grass patch and sometime stomping his feet on the ground ?	man
25607	The roof is sealed up .	what is sealed up ?	roof
25608	A woman with blonde hair in a ponytail and a black belt , demonstrates martial arts moves first exhibiting shoulder and arm moves and footwork .	what is the color of the belt ?	black
25609	A man in a white belt demonstrates martial arts moves using knee bends .	what is the color of the belt ?	white
25609	A man in a white belt demonstrates martial arts moves using knee bends .	where does the man demonstrate martial arts moves using knee bends . ?	belt
25610	A third man in a black belt demonstrates martial arts moves exhibiting floor work , leg swipes and high kicks .	what is the color of the belt ?	black
25610	A third man in a black belt demonstrates martial arts moves exhibiting floor work , leg swipes and high kicks .	where does the third man demonstrate martial arts moves exhibiting floor work , leg swipes and high kicks . ?	belt
25611	A graphic shows on the screen for a website about basketball drills .	what shows on the screen for a website about basketball drills ?	graphic
25613	An older man begins explaining the drills while more footage is shown of the players demonstrating them .	who begins explaining the drills while more footage is shown of the players demonstrating them ?	man
25614	The screen goes black and more text reminds the viewer to visit the website for more information .	what goes black and more text reminds the viewer to visit the website for more information ?	screen
25614	The screen goes black and more text reminds the viewer to visit the website for more information .	who does the screen go black and more text reminds ?	viewer
25615	woman is talking to another standing in front of green lockers in a hallway , a man walks to the girls holding yellow roses on his hand .	who is talking to another standing in front of green lockers in a hallway , a man walks to the girls holding yellow roses on his hand ?	woman
25615	woman is talking to another standing in front of green lockers in a hallway , a man walks to the girls holding yellow roses on his hand .	what is the color of the lockers ?	green
25615	woman is talking to another standing in front of green lockers in a hallway , a man walks to the girls holding yellow roses on his hand .	what is the color of the roses ?	yellow
25616	a woman walks in the hall holding a mouthwash and talking to the camera about it .	who walks in the hall holding a mouthwash and talking to the camera about it ?	woman
25617	woman is in front of a handwash cleaning his mouth with mouthwash .	who is in front of a handwash cleaning his mouth with mouthwash ?	woman
25618	the woman is in the hall and talk to the boys and they seem impressed by her fresh breath .	who is in the hall and talk to the boys and they seem impressed by her fresh breath ?	woman
25621	A man runs along side them .	who runs along side them ?	man
25623	A special effect video clip appears with someone running on a treadmill and white words on the middle of the screen that read `` CityNews HEALTH '' .	what appears with someone running on a treadmill and white words on the middle of the screen that read `` citynews health '' ?	clip
25623	A special effect video clip appears with someone running on a treadmill and white words on the middle of the screen that read `` CityNews HEALTH '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
25625	The newscaster woman is now shown outdoors and talking to people on a beach , and clips of people sunbathing , applying suntan lotion , and different types of suntan lotions are show .	who is now shown outdoors and talking to people on a beach , and clips of people sunbathing , applying suntan lotion , and different types of suntan lotions are show ?	woman
25626	The newscaster woman is now sitting on the beach , holding a bottle of suntan lotion and begins to apply lotion all over her arm .	who is now sitting on the beach , holding a bottle of suntan lotion and begins to apply lotion all over her arm ?	woman
25627	The newscaster woman is back indoors with the man she was shown with earlier and they end with a smile .	who is back indoors with the man she was shown with earlier and they end with a smile ?	woman
25628	Several clips are shown of men speaking to one another as well as riding on a dirt bike .	what are shown of men speaking to one another as well as riding on a dirt bike ?	clips
25629	More clips are shown of people riding around and cheering with one another .	what are shown of people riding around and cheering with one another ?	clips
25631	A man runs onto the field of a sporting game .	who runs onto the field of a sporting game ?	man
25632	Cricket players are pitched balls during a game in a large stadium .	what are cricket players pitched during a game in a large stadium ?	balls
25633	The cricket player hits a high pop fly that is caught .	what does the cricket player hit ?	fly
25636	People are riding bumper cars on a brown floor .	what are people riding on a brown floor ?	cars
25636	People are riding bumper cars on a brown floor .	what is the color of the floor ?	brown
25637	A boy 's red bumper car gets stuck on the column .	who red bumper car gets stuck on the column ?	boy
25637	A boy 's red bumper car gets stuck on the column .	what gets stuck on the column ?	car
25637	A boy 's red bumper car gets stuck on the column .	what is the color of the car ?	red
25638	A lady in a black jilbab waves .	what is the color of the waves ?	black
25639	The lady bumper car collides with a man 's .	what collides with the man 's ?	car
25640	A guy walks across the brown floor .	who walks across the brown floor ?	guy
25640	A guy walks across the brown floor .	what is the color of the floor ?	brown
25641	A man is seen putting products into a woman 's hair followed by blow drying her hair and brushing it down .	who is seen putting products into a woman 's hair followed by blow drying her hair and brushing it down ?	man
25642	The person then cuts the woman 's hair several inches while moving slower in the end .	who does the person then cut hair several inches while moving slower in the end ?	woman
25644	Cars pull in , and the woman are using soap to soap down the cars .	what pull in , and the woman are using soap to soap down the cars ?	cars
25644	Cars pull in , and the woman are using soap to soap down the cars .	who do cars pull in , and are using soap to soap down the cars ?	woman
25644	Cars pull in , and the woman are using soap to soap down the cars .	what do cars pull in , and the woman are using ?	soap
25646	A little boy is playing on the jungle gym while a man talks to him and records .	who is playing on the jungle gym while a man talks to him and records ?	boy
25647	He goes up the stairs and slides down the slide several times .	what does he go up ?	stairs
25648	When he is done he goes over and hugs a lady in a wheelchair .	who did he hug in a wheelchair ?	lady
25648	When he is done he goes over and hugs a lady in a wheelchair .	where is when he done he goes over and hugs a lady . ?	wheelchair
25649	There 's a home improvement specialist demonstrating how to remove wallpaper from walls .	who does there 's demonstrating how to remove wallpaper from walls ?	specialist
25651	He also removes the window treatments from windows .	what does he also remove from windows ?	treatments
25658	He re-wets the surface and uses a flat tool to remove any stubborn wall paper .	what does he re-wets ?	surface
25658	He re-wets the surface and uses a flat tool to remove any stubborn wall paper .	what does he use ?	tool
25662	chef is sanding in front of a coutner with chopped ingredients in different plates and talking to the camera .	who is sanding in front of a coutner with chopped ingredients in different plates and talking to the camera ?	chef
25664	man is standing in the kitchen talking to the camera giving a recipe .	who is standing in the kitchen talking to the camera giving a recipe ?	man
25665	A `` Finale Coppa Italia '' beach soccer title screen appears featuring Sambenedettese and Catania .	what does the `` finale coppa italia '' beach appear featuring sambenedettese and catania ?	screen
25668	Two men are shuffling brooms across a floor with another pulling it on a string .	how many men are shuffling brooms across a floor with another pulling it on a string ?	two
25669	One man follows behind and the two shuffling eventually move the puck into a hole .	who follows behind and the two shuffling eventually move the puck into a hole ?	man
25669	One man follows behind and the two shuffling eventually move the puck into a hole .	who does one man follow behind and the two shuffling eventually move into a hole ?	puck
25669	One man follows behind and the two shuffling eventually move the puck into a hole .	how many man follows behind ?	one
25669	One man follows behind and the two shuffling eventually move the puck into a hole .	how many shuffling eventually move the puck into a hole ?	two
25670	The three men cheer with each other and give each other big hugs .	how many men cheer with each other and give each other big hugs ?	three
25672	The cameraman uses his hand to show a specific spot on the tire and zooms in closer .	who uses his hand to show a specific spot on the tire and zooms in closer ?	cameraman
25673	The man puts down the camera and begins working on the tire .	who puts down the camera and begins working on the tire ?	man
25674	He grabs the camera again to show different screws .	what does he grab again ?	camera
25676	The camera pans over the walls of a shower stall .	what pans over the walls of a shower stall ?	camera
25677	A man plasters and installs tiles on the wall .	who plasters and installs tiles on the wall ?	man
25678	The man talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	man
25679	The man applies grout to the gaps between the tiles .	who applies grout to the gaps between the tiles ?	man
25680	The man measures and cuts a tile for installation in the shower .	who measures and cuts the tile for installation in the shower ?	man
25681	The man installs the soap dish .	who installs the soap dish ?	man
25681	The man installs the soap dish .	what does the man install ?	dish
25682	Scrolling text is shown on a blue screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
25683	Two men are showering in an outside shower .	how many men are showering in an outside shower ?	two
25683	Two men are showering in an outside shower .	where are two men showering . ?	shower
25686	A large group of people are in a mall and are watching people set up an area with a large black floor and a large black wall .	what is the color of the floor ?	black
25686	A large group of people are in a mall and are watching people set up an area with a large black floor and a large black wall .	what is the color of the wall ?	black
25686	A large group of people are in a mall and are watching people set up an area with a large black floor and a large black wall .	where are the large group of people . ?	mall
25687	Their light suits go out and the dance is over .	what go out and the dance is over ?	suits
25688	A man driving a moving tractor steps around and looks towards the front .	who is driving a moving tractor steps around and looks towards the front ?	man
25688	A man driving a moving tractor steps around and looks towards the front .	the man driving what steps around and looks towards the front ?	tractor
25690	A man on a bike looks onward and laughs and the man eventually steps off .	the man on a bike looks onward and laughs and who eventually steps off ?	man
25691	A tattooo artist is shown , interspersed with the artists speaking to the camera , giving tattoos .	who is shown , interspersed with the artists speaking to the camera , giving tattoos ?	artist
25693	A boy is walking across the stage with helmet and sword .	who is walking across the stage with helmet and sword ?	boy
25694	The boy meets another boy where baby faces are shown on their faces .	who meets another boy where baby faces are shown on their faces ?	boy
25694	The boy meets another boy where baby faces are shown on their faces .	who does the boy meet ?	boy
25695	A man showing I 'm bald words is above his head .	who is showing i 'm bald words is above his head ?	man
25696	The boys separate as question marks appear over their heads .	who separate as question marks appear over their heads ?	boys
25698	The boy s continue to spar across the stage .	who s continue to spar across the stage ?	boy
25702	The stage lights up blue as silly quotes appear over the boy on the rights head .	what is the color of the quotes ?	blue
25703	A man rides a horse into an arena .	who rides the horse into an arena ?	man
25703	A man rides a horse into an arena .	what did the man rid into an arena ?	horse
25704	He jumps off the horse and ties a calf .	what does he jump off ?	horse
25704	He jumps off the horse and ties a calf .	what does he tie ?	calf
25706	Two people come and lay the calf down on the arena .	how many people come and lay the calf down on the arena ?	two
25707	A man talks indoors , then a lady talks in a field while girls runs on her side .	who talks indoors , then the lady talks in a field while girls runs on her side ?	man
25707	A man talks indoors , then a lady talks in a field while girls runs on her side .	who does the man talk indoors , then talks in a field while girls runs on her side ?	lady
25708	The lady talks with girls who plays a game hitting a ball with a stick .	who talks with girls who plays a game hitting a ball with a stick ?	lady
25710	The girls continue dancing , moving up and down and twirling the baton .	who continue dancing , moving up and down and twirling the baton ?	girls
25711	The lights begin to flicker and the girls form a straight line in the back of the stage .	who do the lights begin and form a straight line in the back of the stage ?	girls
25712	During the recital , the girls do the same routine but instead of a horizontal line form a vertical one .	who do during the recital , do the same routine but instead of a horizontal line form a vertical one ?	girls
25714	A man puts on a matador outfit in a room .	who puts on the matador outfit in a room ?	man
25715	A matador fights with a bowl using a red cape in a stadium .	who fights with the bowl using a red cape in a stadium ?	matador
25715	A matador fights with a bowl using a red cape in a stadium .	what is the color of the cape ?	red
25716	Boys practice using the red cape together in the arena .	who is using the red cape together in the arena ?	practice
25716	Boys practice using the red cape together in the arena .	what are boys practice using together in the arena ?	cape
25716	Boys practice using the red cape together in the arena .	what is the color of the cape ?	red
25718	The bull runs and charges aft the matador from a distance .	what runs and charges aft the matador from a distance ?	bull
25718	The bull runs and charges aft the matador from a distance .	who does the bull run and charges from a distance ?	matador
25719	The matador cheers to the crowd with his back facing the bull .	who cheers to the crowd with his back facing the bull ?	matador
25720	A man , in black t-shirt , stands alone in a kitchen , talks to a camera in an animated way and prepares a peanut butter and jelly sandwich .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	black
25721	The man holds up a jar of peanut butter and a bottle of jelly after pulling out two pieces of bread while standing in front of a kitchen countertop .	who holds up the jar of peanut butter and a bottle of jelly after pulling out two pieces of bread while standing in front of a kitchen countertop ?	man
25722	The man puts jelly and peanut butter on the bread .	who puts jelly and peanut butter on the bread ?	man
25723	The man bites into the sandwich , begins talking again , slams the sandwich down on a plate and walks off .	who bites into the sandwich , begins talking again , slams the sandwich down on a plate and walks off ?	man
25723	The man bites into the sandwich , begins talking again , slams the sandwich down on a plate and walks off .	what does the man slam down on a plate ?	sandwich
25725	The girls volley the ball back and forth over the net .	who volley the ball back and forth over the net ?	girls
25725	The girls volley the ball back and forth over the net .	what do the girls volley back and forth over the net ?	ball
25727	A man is seen holding a stick in his hands and speaking to the camera .	who is seen holding the stick in his hands and speaking to the camera ?	man
25728	The man attempts several times to hit the ball followed by him picking it up and hitting it off into the distance .	who attempts several times to hit the ball followed by him picking it up and hitting it off into the distance ?	man
25730	They lob snowballs and ride the cars , then they ski down the hill .	what do they lob , then they ski down the hill ?	snowballs
25730	They lob snowballs and ride the cars , then they ski down the hill .	what do they ride , then they ski down the hill ?	cars
25733	The boy slides his hand across the keys .	who slides his hand across the keys ?	boy
25737	The hand drills a hole with an electric tool .	what did the hand drill with an electric tool ?	hole
25738	The hand screws two nail into holes with an electric tool .	how many nail did the hand screw into holes with an electric tool ?	two
25740	Several kids are in a pool playing a game of water polo .	who are in the pool playing a game of water polo ?	kids
25741	One of the girls gets the ball and makes a shot into the net as the crowd cheers .	what does one of the girls get ?	ball
25743	Two men are shown speaking at a party playing pong with two other men .	how many men are shown speaking at the party playing pong with two other men ?	two
25745	A sink is covered in filth .	what is covered in filth ?	sink
25746	A bottle is held up to the camera .	what is held up to the camera ?	bottle
25748	The solution is poured on the sponge and the sink is cleaned .	what is the solution poured on the sponge and is cleaned ?	sink
25749	A teenage boy wearing a white shirt and black track pants is shooting hoops in an outdoor basketball court .	who is wearing a white shirt and black track pants is shooting hoops in an outdoor basketball court ?	boy
25749	A teenage boy wearing a white shirt and black track pants is shooting hoops in an outdoor basketball court .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
25749	A teenage boy wearing a white shirt and black track pants is shooting hoops in an outdoor basketball court .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
25750	There are a few cones arranged around the court .	what are there arranged around the court ?	cones
25751	The boy continues running , dribbling and shooting hoops with the basketball .	who continues running , dribbling and shooting hoops with the basketball ?	boy
25752	He hits a shot and makes a basket and then stops playing .	he hits a shot and makes what ?	basket
25753	A map is shown and then two large fish are shown in the water as a bird floats across the water .	what is shown and then two large fish are shown in the water as a bird floats across the water ?	map
25753	A map is shown and then two large fish are shown in the water as a bird floats across the water .	what is the map shown and then are shown in the water as a bird floats across the water ?	fish
25753	A map is shown and then two large fish are shown in the water as a bird floats across the water .	how many large fish are shown in the water as a bird floats across the water ?	two
25754	Two men are on a boat and they are sailing across the water over fish .	how many men are on the boat ?	two
25756	Several men and boats are then shown and one mail catches a fish .	what are several men and boats then shown and one mail catches ?	fish
25756	Several men and boats are then shown and one mail catches a fish .	how many mail catches the fish ?	one
25757	After , a man dressed in all black is underwater and a water helicopter is shown then the man goes back under water holding the camera and playing with large fish .	who goes back under water holding the camera and playing with large fish ?	man
25757	After , a man dressed in all black is underwater and a water helicopter is shown then the man goes back under water holding the camera and playing with large fish .	what is the color of the man ?	black
25759	Two people are playing racquetball .	how many people are playing racquetball ?	two
25760	The ball comes around behind the players .	what comes around behind the players ?	ball
25762	The ball again gets by the players .	what again gets by the players ?	ball
25768	A girl is getting her nose pierced .	who is getting her nose pierced ?	girl
25771	The man pierces her nose .	who pierces her nose ?	man
25773	The man then moves his hedge cutter and concentrates on the top of the hedges .	who then moves his hedge cutter and concentrates on the top of the hedges ?	man
25773	The man then moves his hedge cutter and concentrates on the top of the hedges .	who does the man then move ?	cutter
25774	Four people are seen hitting a ball around a gymnasium back and fourth off the wall with a tennis racket .	how many people are seen hitting the ball around a gymnasium back and fourth off the wall with a tennis racket ?	four
25776	A man is seen standing in front of the camera holding onto a set of bagpipes .	who is seen standing in front of the camera holding onto a set of bagpipes ?	man
25777	The man then begins playing the instrument in front of the camera .	who then begins playing the instrument in front of the camera ?	man
25778	The man continues to play while taking breaks here and there and showing text in the end .	who continues to play while taking breaks here and there and showing text in the end ?	man
25779	A woman is seen raking leaves around a lawn while three dogs stand near her and hold toys .	who is seen raking leaves around a lawn while three dogs stand near her and hold toys ?	woman
25779	A woman is seen raking leaves around a lawn while three dogs stand near her and hold toys .	how many dogs is the woman seen raking leaves around a lawn while stand near her and hold toys ?	three
25780	The woman continues raking as the dog roam around her with toys and she gradually picks them up and throws them for the dogs .	who continues raking as the dog roam around her with toys and she gradually picks them up and throws them for the dogs ?	woman
25782	The girl returns to the beginning of the hopscotch and takes her turn , and they go back and forth and play taking turns jumping up and down the hopscotch .	who returns to the beginning of the hopscotch and takes her turn , and they go back and forth and play taking turns jumping up and down the hopscotch ?	girl
25783	A woman bends forward extending her left left arm on front and raising her leg up while having the right hand over her shoulder .	who bends forward extending her left left arm on front and raising her leg up while having the right hand over her shoulder ?	woman
25784	Then , the woman turns to the left and throw a ball and spin her body .	then , who turns to the left and throw a ball and spin her body ?	woman
25784	Then , the woman turns to the left and throw a ball and spin her body .	then , the woman throw what and spin her body ?	ball
25785	A woman leads a class of boys and girl in exercise .	who leads the class of boys and girl in exercise ?	woman
25789	A woman is standing at a table with a pile of scissors and supplies .	who is standing at the table with a pile of scissors and supplies ?	woman
25795	A woman is seen speaking to someone off camera and leads into herself playing the drums .	who is seen speaking to someone off camera and leads into herself playing the drums ?	woman
25796	Another man steps into frame and begins playing the drums with a woman .	who steps into frame and begins playing the drums with a woman ?	man
25797	A small child appears in front a bit grabbing onto the woman while she and the man still play drums .	who appears in front a bit grabbing onto the woman while she and the man still play drums ?	child
25800	An Asian woman is standing while holding a card that has gold BYN letters on the back of it .	who is standing while holding the card that has gold byn letters on the back of it ?	woman
25801	A clip begins to play and it shows various men in a large field playing croquet while spectators look on .	what begins to play and it shows various men in a large field playing croquet while spectators look on ?	clip
25802	A young man is then presented with a large silver cup that is handed to him by an older man .	who is then presented with the large silver cup that is handed to him by an older man ?	man
25803	A woman lies on her back doing abs .	who lies on her back doing abs ?	woman
25804	The woman raises her kneed to the chest and pull the head with her hands .	who raises her kneed to the chest and pull the head with her hands ?	woman
25805	Then , the woman stops and a dog approach to her .	then , who stops and the dog approach to her ?	woman
25806	A man is taking a tire off a hub with a tool .	who is taking the tire off a hub with a tool ?	man
25806	A man is taking a tire off a hub with a tool .	what is the man taking off a hub with a tool ?	tire
25807	He then puts the tire on top of the tool to finish taking it off .	what does he then put on top of the tool to finish taking it off ?	tire
25808	A blindfolded man is seen sitting at a table with a timer coming on next to him attempting to solve a rubix cube .	who is seen sitting at the table with a timer coming on next to him attempting to solve a rubix cube ?	man
25809	The man finishes the cube and timer stops while a person standing next to him records his time .	who finishes the cube and timer stops while a person standing next to him records his time ?	man
25810	Another man is seen walking around in the background while the camera pans around to more people solving cubes .	who is seen walking around in the background while the camera pans around to more people solving cubes ?	man
25811	A young lady is standing in a field of dirt with an ax in her hand attempting to cut down a log .	who is standing in the field of dirt with an ax in her hand attempting to cut down a log ?	lady
25812	The girl is not successful in her first attempt so she picks the log back up and tries again .	who is not successful in her first attempt so she picks the log back up and tries again ?	girl
25813	A girl is shown on the gymnastics floor preparing to do a baton routine .	who is shown on the gymnastics floor preparing to do a baton routine ?	girl
25818	The camera captures the man from several angles .	what captures the man from several angles ?	camera
25818	The camera captures the man from several angles .	who does the camera capture from several angles ?	man
25820	A man then talks behind a table full of ingredients and cooking utensils .	who then talks behind the table full of ingredients and cooking utensils ?	man
25821	The man then shows off some of his vegetables and ingredients and smells them .	who then shows off some of his vegetables and ingredients and smells them ?	man
25824	He then shreds cheese onto a place with a shredder .	what does he then shred onto a place with a shredder ?	cheese
25825	He puts the shredded cheese onto the original plate .	what does he put onto the original plate ?	cheese
25826	After , he picks some herbs and places them on a plate .	what does after , he pick ?	herbs
25831	A man completes a large set of push-ups and then introduces the concepts of dodgeball .	who completes the large set of push-ups and then introduces the concepts of dodgeball ?	man
25832	A graphic is shown of the court .	what is shown of the court ?	graphic
25833	The two teams line up to play against one another .	how many teams line up to play against one another ?	two
25838	The man continues to perform tricks along the water and ends with the video fading to black .	who continues to perform tricks along the water and ends with the video fading to black ?	man
25838	The man continues to perform tricks along the water and ends with the video fading to black .	what is the color of the fading ?	black
25839	A green figures walks down the street .	what is the color of the figures ?	green
25840	An endless stream of other green figures appear .	what is the color of the figures ?	green
25841	Each of the figures is walking a dog .	what is each of the figures walking ?	dog
25842	The clip seems to be a loop .	what seems to be the loop ?	clip
25844	They are rowing their oars .	what are they rowing ?	oars
25846	We see a man running on a track .	who do we see running on a track ?	man
25847	The man uses a long stick to perform a long jump .	who uses the long stick to perform a long jump ?	man
25847	The man uses a long stick to perform a long jump .	what does the man use ?	stick
25852	The man continues playing the drums faster and faster while the camera captures his movements .	who continues playing the drums faster and faster while the camera captures his movements ?	man
25853	A man is seen pushing a lawn mower along a yard and moving the machine all around the yard .	who is seen pushing the lawn mower along a yard and moving the machine all around the yard ?	man
25854	Another man is seen grabbing a machine out of a truck as the other man continues to mow the lawn .	who is seen grabbing the machine out of a truck as the other man continues to mow the lawn ?	man
25855	A pregnant woman is slowly moving in a room .	who is slowly moving in the room ?	woman
25855	A pregnant woman is slowly moving in a room .	where is the pregnant woman slowly moving . ?	room
25858	A man is seen sitting on a chair look nervously at the camera while another man sits behind him .	who is seen sitting on the chair look nervously at the camera while another man sits behind him ?	man
25859	The man then begins tattooins the man 's chest and the man looks up into the camera every now and then .	who then begins tattooins the man 's chest and the man looks up into the camera every now and then ?	man
25860	There is a woman shown throwing knives into wood and taking them out .	who is there shown throwing knives into wood and taking them out ?	woman
25861	In the end the other people who are there all sit down and eat popsicles .	what do in the end the other people eat ?	popsicles
25862	A man is showing a boy trying to solve a rubix cube .	who is showing the boy trying to solve a rubix cube ?	man
25862	A man is showing a boy trying to solve a rubix cube .	who is the man showing trying to solve a rubix cube ?	boy
25863	A timer is going to time the boy and other people around him are trying as well .	what is going to time the boy and other people around him are trying as well ?	timer
25864	On lookers are going from table to table to watch .	who are going from table to table to watch ?	lookers
25865	A boy grabs a pen and the man solves the puzzle .	who grabs the pen and the man solves the puzzle ?	boy
25866	We see a black opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
25866	We see a black opening title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
25867	We see a boat floating in the ocean and people sitting on the boat .	what do we see in the ocean and people sitting on the boat ?	boat
25868	Three people are underwater in diving gear looking at the sealife .	how many people are underwater in diving gear looking at the sealife ?	three
25870	The lady makes an explosion sign with her hands and waves .	who makes an explosion sign with her hands and waves ?	lady
25871	The lady takes her mouth piece out and shrugs her shoulders .	who takes her mouth piece out and shrugs her shoulders ?	lady
25874	Three men in white are doing karate moves in a room .	how many men in white are doing karate moves in a room ?	three
25874	Three men in white are doing karate moves in a room .	what is the color of the men ?	white
25874	Three men in white are doing karate moves in a room .	where are three men in white doing karate moves . ?	room
25877	A large , blue ball is tossed in the air .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
25878	A child runs to catch a blue , large ball .	who runs to catch the blue , large ball ?	child
25878	A child runs to catch a blue , large ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
25879	The child falls on the lawn .	who falls on the lawn ?	child
25880	A woman comes onto the screen to introduce a video about working out .	who comes onto the screen to introduce a video about working out ?	woman
25881	The same woman is shown as she teaches a spin class with several participants .	who is shown as she teaches a spin class with several participants ?	woman
25885	Then , the person solves a cube puzzle .	what does then , the person solve ?	puzzle
25887	We see the opening screen and we see landscapes and a sword .	what do we see and we see landscapes and a sword ?	screen
25890	Two people shake hands on the landing .	how many people shake hands on the landing ?	two
25891	A man in a black room is interviewed then we see a man outside talking .	what is the color of the room ?	black
25891	A man in a black room is interviewed then we see a man outside talking .	where is the man interviewed then we see a man outside talking . ?	room
25892	People high five and we see a lady talking .	who do people high five and we see talking ?	lady
25893	A lady throws her arms in the air , people being sprayed , and a man with a sword .	who throws her arms in the air , people being sprayed , and a man with a sword ?	lady
25894	Two small children are seen outside by a swingset .	who are seen outside by the swingset ?	children
25894	Two small children are seen outside by a swingset .	how many small children are seen outside by the swingset ?	two
25895	One swings back and fourth while the other stands on the side .	how many swings back and fourth while the other stands on the side ?	one
25896	One man kicks the other boy and he bends over .	who kicks the other boy and he bends over ?	man
25896	One man kicks the other boy and he bends over .	who does one man kick and he bends over ?	boy
25896	One man kicks the other boy and he bends over .	how many man kicks the other boy ?	one
25898	A man takes a pitcher of beer and begins talking to the camera .	who takes the pitcher of beer and begins talking to the camera ?	man
25899	The man proceeds to drink the entire pitcher of beer .	who proceeds to drink the entire pitcher of beer ?	man
25900	A lady speaks in a kitchen with a medal on the screen and we see shots of cake and cooking .	who speaks in the kitchen with a medal on the screen and we see shots of cake and cooking ?	lady
25902	The lady takes and prepares her cake pans .	who takes and prepares her cake pans ?	lady
25903	The lady mixes her dry ingredients then mixes them in the mixer with red food coloring and pours them into cake pans cooks and cools them on racks .	who mixes her dry ingredients then mixes them in the mixer with red food coloring and pours them into cake pans cooks and cools them on racks ?	lady
25903	The lady mixes her dry ingredients then mixes them in the mixer with red food coloring and pours them into cake pans cooks and cools them on racks .	what is the color of the food ?	red
25904	The lady makes frosting in the mixer and puts frosting in between the layers of cake and on top .	who makes frosting in the mixer and puts frosting in between the layers of cake and on top ?	lady
25905	The lady cuts the cake and we see the ending title screen .	who cuts the cake and we see the ending title screen ?	lady
25905	The lady cuts the cake and we see the ending title screen .	what does the lady cut and we see the ending title screen ?	cake
25905	The lady cuts the cake and we see the ending title screen .	what does the lady cut the cake and we see ?	screen
25906	A woman wearing a protective helmet speaks to the camera while standing outdoors next to a palm tree .	who is wearing a protective helmet speaks to the camera while standing outdoors next to a palm tree ?	woman
25906	A woman wearing a protective helmet speaks to the camera while standing outdoors next to a palm tree .	the woman wearing what speaks to the camera while standing outdoors next to a palm tree ?	helmet
25907	The woman is standing on a sidewalk wearing rollerblades and protective gear .	who is standing on the sidewalk wearing rollerblades and protective gear ?	woman
25908	The woman speaks to the camera and demonstrates different techniques of skating down the sidewalk .	who speaks to the camera and demonstrates different techniques of skating down the sidewalk ?	woman
25909	We see two boys on a train talking .	how many boys do we see on a train talking ?	two
25910	It gets dark in a tunnel .	where does it get dark . ?	tunnel
25913	A man rides downhill backwards .	who rides downhill backwards ?	man
25918	She puts glasses and looks down at the mirror .	what does she put ?	glasses
25923	A man wearing a plastic head covering is shown eating ice cream .	who is wearing a plastic head covering is shown eating ice cream ?	man
25927	A man wearing gloves holds a pair of pliers and putting an object in between .	who is wearing gloves holds a pair of pliers and putting an object in between ?	man
25927	A man wearing gloves holds a pair of pliers and putting an object in between .	the man wearing what holds a pair of pliers and putting an object in between ?	gloves
25928	He sparks the object to create a flame and puts his mask on to protect himself .	what does he put on to protect himself ?	mask
25930	A boy jumps on a diving board high .	who jumps on the diving board high ?	boy
25931	Then , the boy jumps and flips three time , but falls on his back making a big splash .	then , who jumps and flips three time , but falls on his back making a big splash ?	boy
25931	Then , the boy jumps and flips three time , but falls on his back making a big splash .	how many time does then , the boy jump and flips ?	three
25932	A young man irons a shirt on an ironing board in a hallway .	who irons the shirt on an ironing board in a hallway ?	man
25932	A young man irons a shirt on an ironing board in a hallway .	what does the young man iron on an ironing board in a hallway ?	shirt
25933	The man adjusts the camera and returns to ironing .	who adjusts the camera and returns to ironing ?	man
25934	The man finishes ironing and turns the camera away .	who finishes ironing and turns the camera away ?	man
25934	The man finishes ironing and turns the camera away .	what does the man turn away ?	camera
25935	A man in a red shirt is kneeling down .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
25936	Another man in a black shirt is standing up in front of him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
25938	A woman explains how to wrap a box with gift paper .	who explains how to wrap the box with gift paper ?	woman
25939	Then , the woman cuts the paper and wraps around the box using tape .	then , who cuts the paper and wraps around the box using tape ?	woman
25940	After , the woman folds the sides of the paper and cutting a piece to fit the box , then put tape to joint the ends while explaining .	what do , then put to joint the ends while explaining ?	tape
25941	A young girl is seen licking an ice cream cone while the camera watching her eat .	who is seen licking an ice cream cone while the camera watching her eat ?	girl
25943	A man in jeans and tshirt rolls a paint roller in the tray .	where does the man in jeans and tshirt roll a paint roller . ?	tray
25944	The man applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller and is pleased .	who applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller and is pleased ?	man
25944	The man applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller and is pleased .	the man applies what to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller ?	paint
25944	The man applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller and is pleased .	the man applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting what ?	paint
25945	The man gets more paint on his brush from the tray .	who gets more paint on his brush from the tray ?	man
25945	The man gets more paint on his brush from the tray .	what does the man get on his brush from the tray ?	paint
25946	The man finishes painting the section of fence and then sets down his roller .	who finishes painting the section of fence and then sets down his roller ?	man
25948	A person has a white glove and is holding onto the person in front of them .	what is the color of the glove ?	white
25950	man is snowboarding going down a hill sliding in zigzags passing small flags .	who is snowboarding going down the hill sliding in zigzags passing small flags ?	man
25951	man is talking to the camera in a dark room .	who is talking to the camera in a dark room ?	man
25952	man is snowboarding on the snowy slope and a video is showing the right position of the body when going side to side .	who is snowboarding on the snowy slope and a video is showing the right position of the body when going side to side ?	man
25956	Scuba diver swim and glide underwater in the ocean near a rock face .	who swim and glide underwater in the ocean near a rock face ?	diver
25957	The scuba divers make hand gestures and joke .	who make hand gestures and joke ?	divers
25961	A man is seen standing ready and putting his arms up by his sides .	who is seen standing ready and putting his arms up by his sides ?	man
25962	The man then jumps onto a set of uneven bars and begins performing a gymnastics routine .	who then jumps onto the set of uneven bars and begins performing a gymnastics routine ?	man
25963	The man spins himself all around and ends by jumping off the side with his arms up .	who spins himself all around and ends by jumping off the side with his arms up ?	man
25965	man is alone practicing kicks and punches .	who is alone practicing kicks and punches ?	man
25966	man wearing white shirt is stretching her legs bind the other man .	who is wearing white shirt is stretching her legs bind the other man ?	man
25966	man wearing white shirt is stretching her legs bind the other man .	man wearing what is stretching her legs bind the other man ?	shirt
25966	man wearing white shirt is stretching her legs bind the other man .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
25967	a boy sits in his room behind a large drum set .	who sits in his room behind a large drum set ?	boy
25976	A woman put lipstick on her lips on front a mirror .	who put lipstick on her lips on front a mirror ?	woman
25976	A woman put lipstick on her lips on front a mirror .	what did the woman put on her lips on front a mirror ?	lipstick
25978	A man is talking to a camera in his bathroom .	who is talking to the camera in his bathroom ?	man
25981	The man instructs four women on cooking .	who instructs four women on cooking ?	man
25981	The man instructs four women on cooking .	how many women does the man instruct on cooking ?	four
25982	The man adds oil , onions , garlic , and peppers to a pot .	who adds oil , onions , garlic , and peppers to a pot ?	man
25983	The man adds clams to the pot .	who adds clams to the pot ?	man
25983	The man adds clams to the pot .	what does the man add to the pot ?	clams
25984	The man adds broth to the pot .	who adds broth to the pot ?	man
25984	The man adds broth to the pot .	what does the man add to the pot ?	broth
25985	The man boils pasta in a separate pot .	who boils pasta in a separate pot ?	man
25985	The man boils pasta in a separate pot .	where does the man boil pasta . ?	pot
25986	The women gather around a pot to see the pasta .	who gather around the pot to see the pasta ?	women
25987	The man finishes the sauce and pours it in a pot .	who finishes the sauce and pours it in a pot ?	man
25987	The man finishes the sauce and pours it in a pot .	what does the man finish ?	sauce
25987	The man finishes the sauce and pours it in a pot .	where does the man pour it . ?	pot
25988	The man adds the pasta .	who adds the pasta ?	man
25988	The man adds the pasta .	what does the man add ?	pasta
25989	The man adds the pasta to the plate .	who adds the pasta to the plate ?	man
25989	The man adds the pasta to the plate .	what does the man add to the plate ?	pasta
25990	The women try the pasta dish .	who try the pasta dish ?	women
25990	The women try the pasta dish .	what do the women try ?	dish
25992	The man starts calling out tickets .	who starts calling out tickets ?	man
25993	The women cook the dish that the man had just taught them to make .	who cook the dish that the man had just taught them to make ?	women
25993	The women cook the dish that the man had just taught them to make .	what do the women cook ?	dish
25994	The man helps them and gives them pointers .	who helps them and gives them pointers ?	man
25995	The women look anxious as they try to cook .	who look anxious as they try to cook ?	women
25996	The waiters start serving the plates .	who start serving the plates ?	waiters
25997	A construction worker is standing in a building , holding a mop and bucket .	who is construction standing in a building , holding a mop and bucket ?	worker
25997	A construction worker is standing in a building , holding a mop and bucket .	where is the construction worker standing , holding a mop and bucket . ?	building
26000	woman is standing in a living room holding an iron .	who is standing in the living room holding an iron ?	woman
26001	woman wearing a pink shirt is ironing a blue shirt .	who is wearing a pink shirt is ironing a blue shirt ?	woman
26001	woman wearing a pink shirt is ironing a blue shirt .	woman wearing what is ironing a blue shirt ?	shirt
26001	woman wearing a pink shirt is ironing a blue shirt .	what is woman wearing a pink shirt is ironing ?	shirt
26001	woman wearing a pink shirt is ironing a blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
26002	quiet living room is with old furnitures .	what is with old furnitures ?	room
26003	A woman is raking leaves into a large pile .	who is raking leaves into a large pile ?	woman
26003	A woman is raking leaves into a large pile .	what is the woman raking into a large pile ?	leaves
26004	A man is running a lawn mower over leaves .	who is running the lawn mower over leaves ?	man
26006	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her ironing a pair of pants .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her ironing a pair of pants ?	woman
26007	The woman continues ironing the pants while moving the iron up and down .	who continues ironing the pants while moving the iron up and down ?	woman
26011	A man on the right picks up a few plates .	what does the man on the right pick up ?	plates
26012	A woman wearing workout gear is standing upright and hanging onto a very long punching bag .	who is wearing workout gear is standing upright and hanging onto a very long punching bag ?	woman
26012	A woman wearing workout gear is standing upright and hanging onto a very long punching bag .	the woman wearing workout what is standing upright and hanging onto a very long punching bag ?	gear
26013	Suddenly the woman jumps up and straddles the bag .	suddenly who jumps up and straddles the bag ?	woman
26013	Suddenly the woman jumps up and straddles the bag .	what does suddenly the woman straddle ?	bag
26014	Slowly , the woman drops her upper half of her body while still straddling the bag , and does 5 sit ups while the bag swings with her .	slowly , who drops her upper half of her body while still straddling the bag , and does 5 sit ups while the bag swings with her ?	woman
26015	The woman holds onto the bag , smiles , then jumps off .	who holds onto the bag , smiles , then jumps off ?	woman
26016	A woman and a young girl swim in a pool .	where do the woman and a young girl swim . ?	pool
26017	The young girl holds on to the woman as she swims .	who holds on to the woman as she swims ?	girl
26018	The young girl lets go and swims near the woman .	who lets go and swims near the woman ?	girl
26020	The woman holds on to the girl .	who holds on to the girl ?	woman
26023	A woman is holding a kitten in her lap .	who is holding the kitten in her lap ?	woman
26024	A guy is clipping the nails on the cat .	who is clipping the nails on the cat ?	guy
26025	Two bodybuilder women are seated at a table .	who are seated at the table ?	women
26025	Two bodybuilder women are seated at a table .	how many bodybuilder women are seated at the table ?	two
26027	When there is a victor , the two women shake hands .	who do , shake hands ?	women
26027	When there is a victor , the two women shake hands .	how many women is when there a victor , shake hands ?	two
26028	The green and white team gets off the floor .	what does the green and white team get off ?	floor
26029	The green and white team are pulling the rope in a tug of war contest .	what are the green and white team pulling in a tug of war contest ?	rope
26030	The red and black team are pulling the rope in a tug of war contest .	what are the red and black team pulling in a tug of war contest ?	rope
26031	The green and white team are repeatedly taking steps and the audience is cheering .	what are the green and white team repeatedly taking and the audience is cheering ?	steps
26033	A man in a yellow shirt is on his knees layering cement on the floor .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
26035	The man goes back to layering the floor with cement .	who goes back to layering the floor with cement ?	man
26036	A young boy is seen pulling a mop out of a bucket followed by him pushing the mop across the floor .	who is seen pulling the mop out of a bucket followed by him pushing the mop across the floor ?	boy
26037	The camera pans to a woman in the distance and the boy continuing to push the mop along the floor .	what pans to the woman in the distance and the boy continuing to push the mop along the floor ?	camera
26040	The person hangs Christmas bulbs on the tree .	what does the person hang on the tree ?	bulbs
26041	A child comes and watches the person decorating the tree then runs around playing .	who comes and watches the person decorating the tree then runs around playing ?	child
26044	Matadors walk out into the ring area .	who walk out into the ring area ?	matadors
26048	Matadors are hoisted on people 's shoulders and paraded .	who are hoisted on people 's shoulders and paraded ?	matadors
26049	The woman is leaning on the pool table focusing on the ball .	who is leaning on the pool table focusing on the ball ?	woman
26050	The woman hit the ball and cheered .	who hit the ball and cheered ?	woman
26050	The woman hit the ball and cheered .	what did the woman hit ?	ball
26051	The woman hit the ball again and started jumping .	who hit the ball again and started jumping ?	woman
26051	The woman hit the ball again and started jumping .	what did the woman hit again ?	ball
26052	A man in a a leotard is blowing in his hands getting himself warmed up to start running .	where is the man blowing in his hands getting himself warmed up to start running . ?	leotard
26056	a little girl is standing in a kitchen and starts squeeze a lemon into a water bowl , a person is standing by her side .	who is standing in the kitchen and starts squeeze a lemon into a water bowl , a person is standing by her side ?	girl
26056	a little girl is standing in a kitchen and starts squeeze a lemon into a water bowl , a person is standing by her side .	what do the little girl squeeze into a water bowl , a person is standing by her side ?	lemon
26056	a little girl is standing in a kitchen and starts squeeze a lemon into a water bowl , a person is standing by her side .	where is the little girl standing , a person is standing by her side . ?	kitchen
26057	lttle girl suck her finger and smile while a woman walks throug kitchen and puts something in the counter .	who suck her finger and smile while a woman walks throug kitchen and puts something in the counter ?	girl
26058	little girl is standing in the kitchen with her mouth open and play with her hair .	who is standing in the kitchen with her mouth open and play with her hair ?	girl
26058	little girl is standing in the kitchen with her mouth open and play with her hair .	where is little girl standing with her mouth open and play with her hair . ?	kitchen
26059	woman clean her hands in the sink and the girl walks in the kitchen and keep squeezing the lemons .	who clean her hands in the sink and the girl walks in the kitchen and keep squeezing the lemons ?	woman
26059	woman clean her hands in the sink and the girl walks in the kitchen and keep squeezing the lemons .	who do woman clean her hands in the sink and walks in the kitchen and keep squeezing the lemons ?	girl
26059	woman clean her hands in the sink and the girl walks in the kitchen and keep squeezing the lemons .	where do woman clean her hands and the girl walks in the kitchen and keep squeezing the lemons . ?	sink
26060	A man is seen laying floor down on the ground using a machine and others helping .	who is seen laying floor down on the ground using a machine and others helping ?	man
26062	The man continue working while showing the steam on the hot mats and the finished roof with done .	who continue working while showing the steam on the hot mats and the finished roof with done ?	man
26064	A surfer is shown tearing through the water .	who is shown tearing through the water ?	surfer
26065	A rainbow appears , then we see boats on the beach and more surfers in the waves .	what appears , then we see boats on the beach and more surfers in the waves ?	rainbow
26066	A news reporter is talking about a local fund raiser held by a nursery school .	who is talking about the local fund raiser held by a nursery school ?	reporter
26070	Three more parents are standing are chatting as they sip lemonade .	who are chatting as they sip lemonade ?	parents
26070	Three more parents are standing are chatting as they sip lemonade .	how many more parents are standing are chatting as they sip lemonade ?	three
26071	A picture the girl , Hannah is shown for whom the fund raiser was held .	who is the picture , hannah shown for whom the fund raiser was held ?	girl
26075	Four girls are lifted and hold their legs .	who are lifted and hold their legs ?	girls
26075	Four girls are lifted and hold their legs .	how many girls are lifted and hold their legs ?	four
26076	Two girls are lifted in the air and two girls are flipped then two girls lift the two girls .	who are flipped then two girls lift the two girls ?	girls
26076	Two girls are lifted in the air and two girls are flipped then two girls lift the two girls .	how many girls are lifted in the air and two girls are flipped then two girls lift the two girls ?	two
26077	Four girls are lifted and hold two other girls up and a third is added .	who are lifted and hold two other girls up and a third is added ?	girls
26077	Four girls are lifted and hold two other girls up and a third is added .	who do four girls hold up and a third is added ?	girls
26077	Four girls are lifted and hold two other girls up and a third is added .	how many girls are lifted and hold two other girls up ?	four
26078	Two girls in the front held up a red sign .	how many girls in the front held up a red sign ?	two
26078	Two girls in the front held up a red sign .	what is the color of the sign ?	red
26079	Three girls are lifted and they each hold another girl on their shoulders .	who are lifted and they each hold another girl on their shoulders ?	girls
26079	Three girls are lifted and they each hold another girl on their shoulders .	how many girls are lifted ?	three
26080	Two young kids are his mother are standing in a kitchen washing dishes .	who are his mother are standing in a kitchen washing dishes ?	kids
26080	Two young kids are his mother are standing in a kitchen washing dishes .	who are two young kids ?	mother
26080	Two young kids are his mother are standing in a kitchen washing dishes .	how many young kids are his mother are standing in a kitchen washing dishes ?	two
26081	The little girl takes a blue sponge cleans her dish and then gets down and begins walking around .	who takes the blue sponge cleans her dish and then gets down and begins walking around ?	girl
26081	The little girl takes a blue sponge cleans her dish and then gets down and begins walking around .	what is the color of the sponge ?	blue
26086	A girl is seen sitting outdoors and holding up a bottle of sunscreen while speaking to the camera .	who is seen sitting outdoors and holding up a bottle of sunscreen while speaking to the camera ?	girl
26087	The girl then shakes up the bottle , pours it into her hands , and rubs it all over her body .	who then shakes up the bottle , pours it into her hands , and rubs it all over her body ?	girl
26087	The girl then shakes up the bottle , pours it into her hands , and rubs it all over her body .	what does the girl then shake up ?	bottle
26088	A large track is shown with several people riding down on tubes at once .	what is shown with several people riding down on tubes at once ?	track
26089	A man records a close up of a tube and pushing it into a woman standing in the snow .	who records the close up of a tube and pushing it into a woman standing in the snow ?	man
26090	She begins talking on her phone and the same clip is shown again in slow motion .	what does she begin and is shown again in slow motion ?	clip
26091	A woman talks showing a shoe , then she cleans it with a cloth .	who talks showing the shoe , then she cleans it with a cloth ?	woman
26092	The woman puts oil in a cloth and polish the shoe .	who puts oil in a cloth and polish the shoe ?	woman
26092	The woman puts oil in a cloth and polish the shoe .	what do the woman polish ?	shoe
26093	Then , the woman takes shoe polish and apply to the shoe .	then , who takes shoe polish and apply to the shoe ?	woman
26097	A woman is parasailing in the ocean .	who is parasailing in the ocean ?	woman
26100	Two people are playing a game of ping pong .	how many people are playing the game of ping pong ?	two
26102	The man grabs the ball again and serves it across the table .	who grabs the ball again and serves it across the table ?	man
26102	The man grabs the ball again and serves it across the table .	what does the man grab again ?	ball
26103	The man is holding a phone and taking a picture with the girl .	who is holding the phone and taking a picture with the girl ?	man
26103	The man is holding a phone and taking a picture with the girl .	what is the man holding and taking a picture with the girl ?	phone
26103	The man is holding a phone and taking a picture with the girl .	what is the man holding a phone and taking with the girl ?	picture
26105	The people clean the exterior as well as interior and roll the car outside .	what do the people roll outside ?	car
26106	They park the car and continue to wipe it down followed by drying it off in the end .	what do they park ?	car
26107	A woman is seen standing in a bathroom wrapped up in a towel .	who is seen standing in the bathroom wrapped up in a towel ?	woman
26108	The girl holds her hair up with one hand and rubs makeup on with the other .	who holds her hair up with one hand and rubs makeup on with the other ?	girl
26108	The girl holds her hair up with one hand and rubs makeup on with the other .	what does the girl rub on with the other ?	makeup
26110	A woman with long black hair is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
26113	We see outdoor images then a man in a kitchen .	where do we see outdoor images then a man . ?	kitchen
26115	The man mixes the ingredients in a mixer bowl .	who mixes the ingredients in a mixer bowl ?	man
26115	The man mixes the ingredients in a mixer bowl .	where does the man mix the ingredients . ?	bowl
26116	The man stirs the mix then turns the mixer back on .	who stirs the mix then turns the mixer back on ?	man
26117	The man mixes the mix and pours it into cake pans .	who mixes the mix and pours it into cake pans ?	man
26117	The man mixes the mix and pours it into cake pans .	what does the man mix ?	mix
26118	The man taps the pans then puts the cake in the oven .	who taps the pans then puts the cake in the oven ?	man
26118	The man taps the pans then puts the cake in the oven .	where did the man tap the pans then puts the cake . ?	oven
26120	Then see the bright end screen .	what do then see ?	screen
26122	a men is riding a camel and starts walking in the dessert passing by the piramids while a man is leading them with a rope .	what is the men riding ?	camel
26123	the camels stops and a man is taking a picture .	what stops and the man is taking a picture ?	camels
26123	the camels stops and a man is taking a picture .	who does the camels stop and is taking a picture ?	man
26123	the camels stops and a man is taking a picture .	what does the camels stop and a man is taking ?	picture
26128	Two wrestlers are shown jumping into the ring .	who are shown jumping into the ring ?	wrestlers
26128	Two wrestlers are shown jumping into the ring .	how many wrestlers are shown jumping into the ring ?	two
26131	The boy plays a saxophone while people walk past him and put money down .	who plays the saxophone while people walk past him and put money down ?	boy
26131	The boy plays a saxophone while people walk past him and put money down .	what does the boy play ?	saxophone
26132	The boy continues playing while the camera captures his movements and others stop to watch .	who continues playing while the camera captures his movements and others stop to watch ?	boy
26133	A man with a beard is playing on a green drum .	what is the color of the drum ?	green
26134	The man starts adding in a second drum to the mix .	who starts adding in the second drum to the mix ?	man
26134	The man starts adding in a second drum to the mix .	where does the man start adding . ?	drum
26135	A third drum is added to the drumming mix .	what is added to the drumming mix ?	drum
26137	She then picks up the flute and begins playing it and pausing to speak in between .	what does she then pick up ?	flute
26138	She plays the instrument again and pauses to put it down and speak to the camera .	what does she play again ?	instrument
26139	A black screen appears and quickly white words fly across it and they say `` Here it comes Set for full Screen '' .	what appears and quickly white words fly across it and they say `` here it comes set for full screen '' ?	screen
26139	A black screen appears and quickly white words fly across it and they say `` Here it comes Set for full Screen '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26139	A black screen appears and quickly white words fly across it and they say `` Here it comes Set for full Screen '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
26140	A picture of a snowcapped mountain appears and white words on the screen say `` HARTEL PRODUCTIONS '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
26142	A lady kneels in front of bushes and talks .	who kneels in front of bushes and talks ?	lady
26143	The lady uses gardening shears to trim the bush .	who uses gardening shears to trim the bush ?	lady
26143	The lady uses gardening shears to trim the bush .	what does the lady use ?	shears
26144	The lady stands and trims the bushes .	who stands and trims the bushes ?	lady
26145	The lady kneels down again and continues to talk to the camera .	who kneels down again and continues to talk to the camera ?	lady
26146	A little girl is standing in her bathroom and demonstrating how she rinses her mouth with mouth wash .	who is standing in her bathroom and demonstrating how she rinses her mouth with mouth wash ?	girl
26146	A little girl is standing in her bathroom and demonstrating how she rinses her mouth with mouth wash .	where is the little girl standing and demonstrating how she rinses her mouth with mouth wash . ?	bathroom
26148	Another little girl walks behind her and watches her rinse .	who walks behind her and watches her rinse ?	girl
26149	She holds the mouth wash in her mouth for a long time and then spits it out in the sink .	what does she hold in her mouth for a long time ?	wash
26149	She holds the mouth wash in her mouth for a long time and then spits it out in the sink .	where does she spit it out . ?	sink
26150	A man is seen talking with a camera very close to his face .	who is seen talking with the camera very close to his face ?	man
26152	A third man is seen in a car next to the man talking .	who is seen in the car next to the man talking ?	man
26152	A third man is seen in a car next to the man talking .	where is the third man seen . ?	car
26153	The man wearing the helmet starts down the street on a skateboard .	who is wearing the helmet starts down the street on a skateboard ?	man
26153	The man wearing the helmet starts down the street on a skateboard .	the man wearing what starts down the street on a skateboard ?	helmet
26154	The man goes down a few very steep hills on his skateboard .	who goes down the few very steep hills on his skateboard ?	man
26155	The man rides past a stop sign .	who rides past the stop sign ?	man
26157	After the stop sign , the car passes the man on the skateboard .	what does after the stop sign , pass the man on the skateboard ?	car
26158	The car stops and the man on the skateboard stops just past them and picks up his skateboard .	what stops and the man on the skateboard stops just past them and picks up his skateboard ?	car
26158	The car stops and the man on the skateboard stops just past them and picks up his skateboard .	what does the car stop and the man on the skateboard stops just past them and picks up ?	skateboard
26160	A black screen with a graphic of a white guitar and a website appear .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26160	A black screen with a graphic of a white guitar and a website appear .	what is the color of the guitar ?	white
26161	The man stops playing then the black screen with white guitar and website appear again .	who stops playing then the black screen with white guitar and website appear again ?	man
26161	The man stops playing then the black screen with white guitar and website appear again .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26164	A logo and the words Master Lube TV show up on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26165	A young man is standing and talking in a business while other young men are cleaning and detailing the inside and outside of a silver vehicle .	who is standing and talking in the business while other young men are cleaning and detailing the inside and outside of a silver vehicle ?	man
26166	The now cleaned vehicle pulls out of the garage and drives away from the business .	what pulls out of the garage and drives away from the business ?	vehicle
26167	The vehicle is now parked and two young men are wiping it down with a a dry cloth .	what is now parked and two young men are wiping it down with a a dry cloth ?	vehicle
26167	The vehicle is now parked and two young men are wiping it down with a a dry cloth .	how many young men are wiping it down with a a dry cloth ?	two
26170	Flags are show again and it fades to a black screen with a logo and the words MasterLube .	what are show again and it fades to a black screen with a logo and the words masterlube ?	flags
26170	Flags are show again and it fades to a black screen with a logo and the words MasterLube .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26172	A group of people appear and they are on bicycles pedaling and are doing a cardio workshop while the man in front wearing a headband is talking the whole time .	what do the group of people appear and they are on bicycles pedaling and are doing ?	workshop
26173	The outro screen appears and it 's a white screen that shoes the LA MUSCLE logo like it did in the beginning and the words `` For More Visit LAMUSCLE dot TV '' .	what appears and it 's a white screen that shoes the la muscle logo like it did in the beginning and the words `` for more visit lamuscle dot tv '' ?	screen
26173	The outro screen appears and it 's a white screen that shoes the LA MUSCLE logo like it did in the beginning and the words `` For More Visit LAMUSCLE dot TV '' .	what does the outro screen appear and it 's ?	screen
26173	The outro screen appears and it 's a white screen that shoes the LA MUSCLE logo like it did in the beginning and the words `` For More Visit LAMUSCLE dot TV '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
26174	A man is completing a rubiks cube .	who is completing the rubiks cube ?	man
26174	A man is completing a rubiks cube .	what is the man completing ?	cube
26175	A timer is sitting on the table next to him .	what is sitting on the table next to him ?	timer
26176	He sets the completed rubiks cube down on the table .	what does he set down on the table ?	cube
26177	People running up the beach very quickly .	what are people running up very quickly ?	beach
26181	A woman is seen standing behind an ironing board ironing a shirt while speaking to the camera every now and then .	who is seen standing behind an ironing board ironing a shirt while speaking to the camera every now and then ?	woman
26182	The moves the shirt all around the table ironing it and holding it up in the end to present .	what does the move all around the table ironing it and holding it up in the end to present ?	shirt
26183	A woman with long , black , curly hair is wearing casual wear , talking , and squatting on a roof .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
26184	The woman then stands up and walks to a part of the roof where she lifts up a black shingle on the roof .	who then stands up and walks to the part of the roof where she lifts up a black shingle on the roof ?	woman
26184	The woman then stands up and walks to a part of the roof where she lifts up a black shingle on the roof .	what is the color of the shingle ?	black
26185	The woman is now on standing on the ground in front of the house smiling and talking .	who is now on standing on the ground in front of the house smiling and talking ?	woman
26186	A large truck pulls up to the house and a man begins to unload shingles onto the roof .	what pulls up to the house and a man begins to unload shingles onto the roof ?	truck
26186	A large truck pulls up to the house and a man begins to unload shingles onto the roof .	who does the large truck pull up to the house and begins to unload shingles onto the roof ?	man
26187	The woman is back on the roof with a shovel and is shoveling off all of the old shingles then she dumps them in a large dumpster .	who is back on the roof with a shovel and is shoveling off all of the old shingles then she dumps them in a large dumpster ?	woman
26188	Men are now laying out long pieces of black material and nailing them into the roof , as well as nailing the shingles down .	what are men now laying out of black material and nailing them into the roof , as well as nailing the shingles down ?	pieces
26188	Men are now laying out long pieces of black material and nailing them into the roof , as well as nailing the shingles down .	what is the color of the material ?	black
26189	The roof is done and a view of the entire house is shown to show off the finished roof .	what is done and the view of the entire house is shown to show off the finished roof ?	roof
26190	The woman is standing in front of the home , smiling while talking .	who is standing in front of the home , smiling while talking ?	woman
26191	A camera zooms in out two people riding in a canoe together .	what zooms in out two people riding in a canoe together ?	camera
26192	The camera moves in closer and captures the people paddling further down the river .	what moves in closer and captures the people paddling further down the river ?	camera
26195	The man hits a drum off camera left .	who hits the drum off camera left ?	man
26195	The man hits a drum off camera left .	what does the man hit off camera left ?	drum
26196	The man shuffles his hands on the drum .	who shuffles his hands on the drum ?	man
26197	The man stops paying the drums .	who stops paying the drums ?	man
26198	The man went to the target board and talked to the camera .	who went to the target board and talked to the camera ?	man
26199	A person is throwing a tennis ball up in the air and hits the ball .	what is the person throwing up in the air ?	ball
26199	A person is throwing a tennis ball up in the air and hits the ball .	what does the person hit ?	ball
26200	Two men begin talking about this tennis move and how you should properly hold your racket .	how many men begin talking about this tennis move and how you should properly hold your racket ?	two
26201	The man demonstrates how to throw the ball up and how to swing .	who demonstrates how to throw the ball up and how to swing ?	man
26202	The man continues to discuss when to hit the ball for this move and how to execute it properly .	who continues to discuss when to hit the ball for this move and how to execute it properly ?	man
26203	A man is seen standing in front of a sink scrubbing it down with a sponge .	who is seen standing in front of a sink scrubbing it down with a sponge ?	man
26204	The man continues wiping down the counter while occasionally looking at the camera .	who continues wiping down the counter while occasionally looking at the camera ?	man
26205	A man wearing a hat is seen holding a tennis racket and bouncing a ball up and down .	who is wearing a hat is seen holding a tennis racket and bouncing a ball up and down ?	man
26205	A man wearing a hat is seen holding a tennis racket and bouncing a ball up and down .	the man wearing what is seen holding a tennis racket and bouncing a ball up and down ?	hat
26206	The man then serves the ball and leads into a tennis match between four people .	who then serves the ball and leads into a tennis match between four people ?	man
26206	The man then serves the ball and leads into a tennis match between four people .	what does the man then serve ?	ball
26207	The announcer laughs as the other team mates speak to each other and showing his hit again in slow motion .	who laughs as the other team mates speak to each other and showing his hit again in slow motion ?	announcer
26210	After , several players are shown skating around the rink and then a bald Caucasian male is shown dressed in a black polo begins talking to the camera .	what is the color of the polo ?	black
26211	Once finished , the bench is panned and the game begins with the referee standing in between the two teams and they begin playing .	what is , panned and the game begins with the referee standing in between the two teams and they begin playing ?	bench
26212	As they continue , the bald man is shows and continues talking and they continue to flash between him , the players , and the games .	, who is shows and continues talking and they continue to flash between him , the players , and the games ?	man
26213	Various athletes are seen standing together in the middle of a large stadium and leads into a woman throwing a shot put and then walking away .	who are seen standing together in the middle of a large stadium and leads into a woman throwing a shot put and then walking away ?	athletes
26215	The camera zooms in on a chef spinning around a spatula in a pan and putting more ingredients into the pan .	what zooms in on the chef spinning around a spatula in a pan and putting more ingredients into the pan ?	camera
26219	They rinse the face and add the face wash with a brush .	what do they add with a brush ?	wash
26222	A man is seen holding a power drill with a potato on the end and people peeling around him .	who is seen holding the power drill with a potato on the end and people peeling around him ?	man
26223	The man turns on the drill and peels the potato with another person pointing on the side .	who turns on the drill and peels the potato with another person pointing on the side ?	man
26223	The man turns on the drill and peels the potato with another person pointing on the side .	what does the man peel with another person pointing on the side ?	potato
26224	Two men are seen holding each other 's arms and leads into the men performing an arm wrestling match .	how many men are seen holding each other 's arms and leads into the men performing an arm wrestling match ?	two
26225	One man smokes a cigarette while they continue to play and that man winds while holding his arms up .	how many man smokes the cigarette while they continue to play and that man winds while holding his arms up ?	one
26226	A man is seen with a large pole .	who is seen with the large pole ?	man
26229	The pole flies through the air and lands just past the number 85 on a field .	what flies through the air and lands just past the number 85 on a field ?	pole
26230	Several man run out to the pole .	who run out to the pole ?	man
26232	The man that threw the pole is seen putting a jacket on .	who is seen putting a jacket on ?	man
26234	The man is seen throwing the pole again .	who is seen throwing the pole again ?	man
26236	A man flashes the peace sign at the camera , having a good time .	who flashes the peace sign at the camera , having a good time ?	man
26238	A man reverses into another car behind him .	who reverses into another car behind him ?	man
26240	An elderly lady sits in a chair knitting and talking to the camera .	who sits in the chair knitting and talking to the camera ?	lady
26241	The lady shakes her head slightly while looking at the camera .	who shakes her head slightly while looking at the camera ?	lady
26242	The lady pauses and looks out the window .	who pauses and looks out the window ?	lady
26242	The lady pauses and looks out the window .	what does the lady look out ?	window
26243	A man is seen sitting behind a drum set playing on the drums .	who is seen sitting behind the drum set playing on the drums ?	man
26244	The camera pans all around his movements while he speaks to the camera .	what pans all around his movements while he speaks to the camera ?	camera
26246	A boy prepares to do a high jump in a gym .	who prepares to do the high jump in a gym ?	boy
26246	A boy prepares to do a high jump in a gym .	where does the boy prepare to do a high jump . ?	gym
26251	We see a white opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
26251	We see a white opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
26252	We then see a man holding something wrapped in a plastic bag .	where do we then see a man holding something wrapped . ?	bag
26253	A woman joins the man .	who joins the man ?	woman
26253	A woman joins the man .	who does the woman join ?	man
26254	The man opens the plastic bag .	who opens the plastic bag ?	man
26254	The man opens the plastic bag .	what does the man open ?	bag
26255	The lady gift wraps the box for the man .	what wraps the box for the man ?	gift
26256	The man takes a shot at the gift wrapping .	who takes the shot at the gift wrapping ?	man
26257	The lady finishes wrapping the gift .	who finishes wrapping the gift ?	lady
26258	The man folds an edge , and the lady tapes it .	who folds an edge , and the lady tapes it ?	man
26258	The man folds an edge , and the lady tapes it .	who does the man fold an edge , and it ?	lady
26259	The man presents the box to the camera and talks .	who presents the box to the camera and talks ?	man
26259	The man presents the box to the camera and talks .	what does the man present to the camera and talks ?	box
26260	the closing screen is then seen and it goes black .	what is closing then seen and it goes black ?	screen
26261	A man walks across a tightrope , as seen from the view of the underside of the rope .	who walks across the tightrope , as seen from the view of the underside of the rope ?	man
26263	A man puts on a show as he balances in several different positions on a tightrope for a small crowd .	who puts on the show as he balances in several different positions on a tightrope for a small crowd ?	man
26264	Another man joins him , and they balance , walk , and do push ups .	who joins him , and they balance , walk , and do push ups ?	man
26265	man is wearing a black kimono and isdoing yoga movements .	who is wearing the black kimono and isdoing yoga movements ?	man
26265	man is wearing a black kimono and isdoing yoga movements .	what is man wearing and isdoing yoga movements ?	kimono
26265	man is wearing a black kimono and isdoing yoga movements .	what is the color of the kimono ?	black
26266	man is standing in a large green grassy field .	who is standing in the large green grassy field ?	man
26266	man is standing in a large green grassy field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
26267	man is slowly walking practicing boxing movements .	who is slowly walking practicing boxing movements ?	man
26268	The man is kneeled down to the floor , but he stands up to raise his arm and get on the bars to perform his act .	who is kneeled down to the floor , but he stands up to raise his arm and get on the bars to perform his act ?	man
26269	When he 's done he flips off and bows , next a girl is shown sitting in the chair and then he is shown performing again but in slow motion .	who is , shown sitting in the chair and then he is shown performing again but in slow motion ?	girl
26269	When he 's done he flips off and bows , next a girl is shown sitting in the chair and then he is shown performing again but in slow motion .	where does when he 's done he flips off and bows , next a girl is shown sitting and then he is shown performing again but in slow motion . ?	chair
26270	Next , a girl is shown swinging on the uneven bars and when she 's done she goes to sit down and talk about what she does .	who is next , shown swinging on the uneven bars and when she 's done she goes to sit down and talk about what she does ?	girl
26271	manis wearing a white shirt and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower .	what wearing the white shirt and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower ?	manis
26271	manis wearing a white shirt and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower .	what does manis wear ?	shirt
26271	manis wearing a white shirt and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
26271	manis wearing a white shirt and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower .	what is the color of the grass ?	green
26272	kid is standing in the field watching the man with the lawnmower .	who is standing in the field watching the man with the lawnmower ?	kid
26273	man stands and extends the hand to hold the kid .	who stands and extends the hand to hold the kid ?	man
26274	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holing a baton in her hands .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holing a baton in her hands ?	woman
26277	A man stands indoors , on a platform , in front of three onlookers , and lifts a heavily weighted bar bell .	who stands indoors , on a platform , in front of three onlookers , and lifts a heavily weighted bar bell ?	man
26277	A man stands indoors , on a platform , in front of three onlookers , and lifts a heavily weighted bar bell .	what does the man lift ?	bell
26278	A man approaches a barbell on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it .	who approaches the barbell on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it ?	man
26278	A man approaches a barbell on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it .	what does the man approach on the floor ?	barbell
26279	The man then bends at the knees and puts his hands on the bar portion of the weight .	who then bends at the knees and puts his hands on the bar portion of the weight ?	man
26280	The man in the dark green shirt places a strap and link to the climbing wall and loops a rope through the clip .	what did the man in the dark green shirt loop through the clip ?	rope
26280	The man in the dark green shirt places a strap and link to the climbing wall and loops a rope through the clip .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
26281	The man reverses the strap position and loops the rope through the strap eye link .	who reverses the strap position and loops the rope through the strap eye link ?	man
26281	The man reverses the strap position and loops the rope through the strap eye link .	what does the man reverse ?	position
26281	The man reverses the strap position and loops the rope through the strap eye link .	what did the man loop through the strap eye link ?	rope
26282	The man in the bright green shirt continue climbing to the top of the wall .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
26283	The man in the dark green shirt continues talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
26284	One woman throws something at another .	who throws something at another ?	woman
26284	One woman throws something at another .	how many woman throws something at another ?	one
26285	Then , the two women play hopscotch .	who do then , play hopscotch ?	women
26285	Then , the two women play hopscotch .	how many women do then , play hopscotch ?	two
26286	a woman is sitting behind a desk talking to the camera .	who is sitting behind the desk talking to the camera ?	woman
26287	A woman walks into a room and sits in a pew .	who walks into the room and sits in a pew ?	woman
26287	A woman walks into a room and sits in a pew .	where does the woman sit . ?	pew
26288	The woman begins to knit .	who begins to knit ?	woman
26289	The woman then talks to the camera .	who then talks to the camera ?	woman
26295	The person mixes ingredients into a bowl and scrubs the shoes using the tooth brush .	what does the person mix into a bowl ?	ingredients
26296	She then sticks the shoes in the wash and shows them off afterwards .	where does she then stick the shoes . ?	wash
26297	We see a man preparing to throw a hammer in track and field .	who do we see preparing to throw a hammer in track and field ?	man
26298	The man shakes his legs and walks to the field .	who shakes his legs and walks to the field ?	man
26299	The man spins hard and throws the hammer .	who spins hard and throws the hammer ?	man
26299	The man spins hard and throws the hammer .	what does the man throw ?	hammer
26300	We see the hammer as it flies across the track .	what do we see ?	hammer
26301	Two men perform a flip move on a playground that leads to one being dropped on the ground .	how many men perform the flip move on a playground that leads to one being dropped on the ground ?	two
26302	The camera zooms in on the fallen man while they all laugh together .	what zooms in on the fallen man while they all laugh together ?	camera
26303	A girl is riding on a white horse that is in an enclosed obstacle course , but it 's just walking , trotting and running around the perimeter doing laps .	who is riding on the white horse that is in an enclosed obstacle course , but it 's just walking , trotting and running around the perimeter doing laps ?	girl
26303	A girl is riding on a white horse that is in an enclosed obstacle course , but it 's just walking , trotting and running around the perimeter doing laps .	what is the color of the horse ?	white
26304	Another girl is now the focus and she 's riding on a taller brown horse who begins walking , trotting and they also stay on the perimeter of the area .	who is now the focus and she 's riding on a taller brown horse who begins walking , trotting and they also stay on the perimeter of the area ?	girl
26304	Another girl is now the focus and she 's riding on a taller brown horse who begins walking , trotting and they also stay on the perimeter of the area .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
26305	When the brown horse is done going around in laps , it walks over to the white horse who is now in the middle of the area and it stops .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
26305	When the brown horse is done going around in laps , it walks over to the white horse who is now in the middle of the area and it stops .	what is the color of the horse ?	white
26306	There are several girls standing ready with their jump ropes in an indoor gym .	who are there standing ready with their jump ropes in an indoor gym ?	girls
26309	The girls take turns and jump rope in a relay manner .	who take turns and jump rope in a relay manner ?	girls
26315	Each person uses the stick to push the puck as a girl talks to the camera .	what does each person use ?	stick
26321	A man is standing in a gym preparing to lift a set of weights placed on a bar .	who is standing in the gym preparing to lift a set of weights placed on a bar ?	man
26322	Next the screen flashes to a younger male jerking and then drops the bar on the ground .	next what flashes to the younger male jerking and then drops the bar on the ground ?	screen
26322	Next the screen flashes to a younger male jerking and then drops the bar on the ground .	next the screen then drops what on the ground ?	bar
26324	The man begins to dance as he lifts and drops the bar and the continuation of weightlifting is repeated .	who begins to dance as he lifts and drops the bar and the continuation of weightlifting is repeated ?	man
26331	A guy climbs up the stairs carrying a black amplifier .	who climbs up the stairs carrying a black amplifier ?	guy
26331	A guy climbs up the stairs carrying a black amplifier .	what does the guy climb up carrying a black amplifier ?	stairs
26331	A guy climbs up the stairs carrying a black amplifier .	the guy climbs up the stairs carrying what ?	amplifier
26331	A guy climbs up the stairs carrying a black amplifier .	what is the color of the amplifier ?	black
26332	The guy walks through a door he opened .	who walks through the door he opened ?	guy
26333	The guy plays a harmonica with a microphone in one hand .	who plays the harmonica with a microphone in one hand ?	guy
26333	The guy plays a harmonica with a microphone in one hand .	what does the guy play with a microphone in one hand ?	harmonica
26334	The guy plays the guitar .	who plays the guitar ?	guy
26334	The guy plays the guitar .	what does the guy play ?	guitar
26335	The black amplifier is displayed on a table .	what is displayed on the table ?	amplifier
26335	The black amplifier is displayed on a table .	what is the color of the amplifier ?	black
26336	The amplifier is displayed on a table .	what is displayed on the table ?	amplifier
26337	A woman is seen speaking to the camera with various ingredients laid out as well as her cleaning .	who is seen speaking to the camera with various ingredients laid out as well as her cleaning ?	woman
26338	She lays out a newspaper and mixes various ingredients together into a spray bottle .	what does she mix together into a spray bottle ?	ingredients
26341	Guys stand or sit around their dirt bikes .	who stand or sit around their dirt bikes ?	guys
26342	Guys are riding their dirt bikes .	who are riding their dirt bikes ?	guys
26342	Guys are riding their dirt bikes .	what are guys riding ?	bicycles
26343	A guy takes off his upper body armor while sitting on his dirt bike .	who takes off his upper body armor while sitting on his dirt bike ?	guy
26344	Cows are running through fields with men chasing after them with sticks .	what are running through fields with men chasing after them with sticks ?	cows
26345	The men are agitating the cows and causing them to fight with one another .	what are the men agitating and causing them to fight with one another ?	cows
26348	A female reporter is holding a microphone while doing a news report .	who is holding the microphone while doing a news report ?	reporter
26348	A female reporter is holding a microphone while doing a news report .	what is the female reporter holding while doing a news report ?	microphone
26353	Competitor boaters are shown racing in the water .	what are shown racing in the water ?	boaters
26355	A girl runs down a track in slow motion .	who runs down the track in slow motion ?	girl
26358	A girl knocks on a door but nobody answers .	who knocks on the door but nobody answers ?	girl
26360	She fights and then both girls separate .	who does she fight and then separate ?	girls
26362	A man sits in front of them playing an instrument while they continue spinning and many on the sides watch .	who sits in front of them playing an instrument while they continue spinning and many on the sides watch ?	man
26364	She shows the ingredients and tell what to set the oven to .	what does she show ?	ingredients
26367	Afterward she takes it out and shows the finished product .	what does afterward she show ?	product
26372	Next , a gymnast is shown on the bar and does multiple tricks consisting of flips and handstands then flips off to land and walks off .	next , who is shown on the bar and does multiple tricks consisting of flips and handstands then flips off to land and walks off ?	gymnast
26374	Several other teams approach the bar and they too begin doing the same tricks in their competition .	what do several other teams approach and they too begin doing the same tricks in their competition ?	bar
26375	The winner then begins waving his flag and waving his hand to the crowd .	who then begins waving his flag and waving his hand to the crowd ?	winner
26377	The cookie is snatched from the man .	what is snatched from the man ?	cookie
26380	We switch and see a cat .	what do we switch and see ?	cat
26385	We see the man talking with a girl .	who do we see talking with a girl ?	man
26388	A woman is seen playing a set of bagpipes while people sit around her and watch .	who is seen playing the set of bagpipes while people sit around her and watch ?	woman
26389	The girl continues playing as the camera watches her move her hands along the instrument and a man standing next to her to pose and throw change .	who continues playing as the camera watches her move her hands along the instrument and a man standing next to her to pose and throw change ?	girl
26390	A man is seen standing before a large log holding an ax in his hands .	who is seen standing before the large log holding an ax in his hands ?	man
26391	He holds the ax up over his head while still looking down at the log .	what does he hold up over his head ?	ax
26392	He swing the ax down and chops the log in half .	what do he swing down ?	ax
26395	A man drinks beer from a bottle .	who drinks beer from a bottle ?	man
26395	A man drinks beer from a bottle .	what does the man drink from a bottle ?	beer
26396	People are walking in front of a white fence .	what is the color of the fence ?	white
26397	Behind the fence a man is riding a horse .	who is behind the fence riding a horse ?	man
26397	Behind the fence a man is riding a horse .	what is behind the fence a man riding ?	horse
26398	He ropes a calf and throws it down onto the ground .	what does he rope ?	calf
26402	A man points to the camera and leads into more shots of people playing and working with one another .	who points to the camera and leads into more shots of people playing and working with one another ?	man
26403	A boy holds an ice cream cone to a baby sitting in a high chair seat .	who holds an ice cream cone to a baby sitting in a high chair seat ?	boy
26403	A boy holds an ice cream cone to a baby sitting in a high chair seat .	what does the boy hold to a baby sitting in a high chair seat ?	cone
26404	The baby enjoys the ice cream cone .	who enjoys the ice cream cone ?	baby
26404	The baby enjoys the ice cream cone .	what does the baby enjoy ?	cone
26405	A man is putting wall paper on the wall , he is trying to measure it just right so that it is even with the rest .	who is putting wall paper on the wall , he is trying to measure it just right so that it is even with the rest ?	man
26405	A man is putting wall paper on the wall , he is trying to measure it just right so that it is even with the rest .	what is the man putting on the wall , he is trying to measure it just right so that it is even with the rest ?	paper
26409	A man is kneeling on a field .	who is kneeling on the field ?	man
26410	He picks up a heavy ball , and uses it to perform numerous exercise techniques .	what does he pick up ?	ball
26412	A boat is seen riding along the water with a man driving others around .	what is seen riding along the water with a man driving others around ?	boat
26414	The people watch the man as well as the camera as he continues flipping around and looking back to the camera .	who do the people watch as well as the camera ?	man
26414	The people watch the man as well as the camera as he continues flipping around and looking back to the camera .	what do the people watch the man as well as ?	camera
26415	A man is snowboarding down a hill of snow .	who is snowboarding down the hill of snow ?	man
26417	A man walks around while adjusting a belt , with many other people in the room .	who walks around while adjusting the belt , with many other people in the room ?	man
26418	The man walks through a tunnel flanked by several other men .	who walks through the tunnel flanked by several other men ?	man
26419	The man gets on a stage and powders his hands .	who gets on the stage and powders his hands ?	man
26420	The man walks before a barbell with weights .	who walks before the barbell with weights ?	man
26421	The man lifts the weights .	who lifts the weights ?	man
26422	The man drops the weights .	who drops the weights ?	man
26423	The man walks off stage as attendants move to the weight on stage .	who walks off stage as attendants move to the weight on stage ?	man
26425	A lady is standing at the table with ingredients on the table .	who is standing at the table with ingredients on the table ?	lady
26427	The kayak rider dips into the water and recovers .	what rider dips into the water and recovers ?	kayak
26431	The scoreboard is shown for comparison as the game ends .	what is shown for comparison as the game ends ?	scoreboard
26432	A large roof is seen close up followed by a person standing on a ladder and pushing down tiles .	what is seen close up followed by the person standing on a ladder and pushing down tiles ?	roof
26434	The camera continues to pan all around the roof as well as buildings around them and the men continuing to work .	what continues to pan all around the roof as well as buildings around them and the men continuing to work ?	camera
26435	A girl is sitting down in front of a couch .	who is sitting down in front of a couch ?	girl
26438	A man stands in front of a wall filled with hair products .	who stands in front of a wall filled with hair products ?	man
26440	The salon stylist towels off then rubs hair products through the man 's hair with his hands .	what off then rubs hair products through the man 's hair with his hands ?	towels
26441	The stylist combs out the persons hair and cuts it with scissors .	who combs out the persons hair and cuts it with scissors ?	stylist
26442	The stylist trims the sideburns and around the ears .	who trims the sideburns and around the ears ?	stylist
26443	The stylist uses his hands to style the hair and blow drys it when finished cutting for the person to see .	who uses his hands to style the hair and blow drys it when finished cutting for the person to see ?	stylist
26444	woman is in a lake windsurfing with a red windsurf .	who is in the lake windsurfing with a red windsurf ?	woman
26444	woman is in a lake windsurfing with a red windsurf .	what is the color of the windsurf ?	red
26446	sailboat is standing in the back of people windsurfing .	what is standing in the back of people windsurfing ?	sailboat
26447	woman is eating bran flakes and putting some mascara , washing her teeth and cleaning her mouth with mouthwash .	who is eating bran flakes and putting some mascara , washing her teeth and cleaning her mouth with mouthwash ?	woman
26447	woman is eating bran flakes and putting some mascara , washing her teeth and cleaning her mouth with mouthwash .	what is woman eating bran flakes and putting , washing her teeth and cleaning her mouth with mouthwash ?	mascara
26448	journalists are talking in the news .	who are talking in the news ?	journalists
26450	She is wearing a very sexy short dress and kicking her legs up and down in heels .	what is she wearing and kicking her legs up and down in heels ?	dress
26451	People are walking out od the restaurant .	what are people walking out ?	restaurant
26453	We see the title screen on gray .	what do we see on gray ?	screen
26454	Two men are playing squash .	what are two men playing ?	squash
26454	Two men are playing squash .	how many men are playing squash ?	two
26457	The man in white wipes his brow with his sleeve .	what is the color of the man ?	white
26458	The end credits run up the screen .	what do the end credits run up ?	screen
26459	A woman is kneeling down on the ground next to a desk .	who is kneeling down on the ground next to a desk ?	woman
26462	A small girl is at an amusement park dart rewards game .	who is at an amusement park dart rewards game ?	girl
26463	A lady who is working at the stand comes and asks her how many darts she would like to use , she gives the girl the darts .	who comes and asks her how many darts she would like to use , she gives the girl the darts ?	lady
26464	The girl starts throwing darts , she is only able to hit one balloon , she asks for help but does not get it .	who starts throwing darts , she is only able to hit one balloon , she asks for help but does not get it ?	girl
26464	The girl starts throwing darts , she is only able to hit one balloon , she asks for help but does not get it .	how many balloon is she only able to hit ?	one
26468	A woman is seen performing a belly dancing routine on a large stage with other people watching on the sides .	who is seen performing the belly dancing routine on a large stage with other people watching on the sides ?	woman
26469	The woman continues dancing and spinning around the stage and ends with her posing and walking off .	who continues dancing and spinning around the stage and ends with her posing and walking off ?	woman
26470	grandma is talking with a little blond child sitting in a coach while is knitting in a red thread in a liing room .	who is talking with the little blond child sitting in a coach while is knitting in a red thread in a liing room ?	grandma
26470	grandma is talking with a little blond child sitting in a coach while is knitting in a red thread in a liing room .	what is the color of the thread ?	red
26471	A man stands on a tennis court preparing to serve the ball .	who stands on the tennis court preparing to serve the ball ?	man
26472	The man hits the tennis ball across the court .	who hits the tennis ball across the court ?	man
26472	The man hits the tennis ball across the court .	what does the man hit across the court ?	ball
26473	The man turns and walks back to his basket and grabs a ball from his pocket .	who turns and walks back to his basket and grabs a ball from his pocket ?	man
26473	The man turns and walks back to his basket and grabs a ball from his pocket .	what does the man walk back to his basket and grabs from his pocket ?	ball
26474	The man bounces the ball on the ground .	who bounces the ball on the ground ?	man
26475	An actor , Jason Stathom , is sitting in a blue reclining chair talking a late night tv host by the name of Jimmy Fallon who is sitting behind a desk .	what is the color of the chair ?	blue
26478	After a long period of time passes , the actor wins and starts cheering for himself .	after the long period of time passes , who wins and starts cheering for himself ?	actor
26479	A woman in white shirt is posing with her short hair .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
26480	A man is seen kneeling down on a floor followed by shots of him putting plaster and tiles down are shown .	who is seen kneeling down on the floor followed by shots of him putting plaster and tiles down are shown ?	man
26480	A man is seen kneeling down on a floor followed by shots of him putting plaster and tiles down are shown .	what is the man seen and down are shown ?	tiles
26482	kid is standing in front of stage playing congas .	who is standing in front of stage playing congas ?	kid
26483	behind him is a girl playing the tambourine and a boy playing the triangle .	who is behind him playing the tambourine and a boy playing the triangle ?	girl
26484	in the background kids standing on stage are playing drums .	what are in the background kids standing on stage playing ?	drums
26485	A man is sitting at a table .	who is sitting at the table ?	man
26486	A woman steps onto the table and falls into his arms .	who steps onto the table and falls into his arms ?	woman
26489	A man is seen leaning onto a fence and continuously bending down to dip paint into a bucket .	who is seen leaning onto the fence and continuously bending down to dip paint into a bucket ?	man
26490	The woman brushes the fence continuously in front of her while the camera captures her from behind .	who brushes the fence continuously in front of her while the camera captures her from behind ?	woman
26490	The woman brushes the fence continuously in front of her while the camera captures her from behind .	what did the woman brush continuously in front of her ?	fence
26491	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
26493	We see a man in a room then a fight and men in an office before more fighting in an action movie .	where do we see a man in a room then a fight and men before more fighting in an action movie . ?	office
26495	Her screen changes to the title screen .	what changes to the title screen ?	screen
26496	A man lifts large weight off the ground .	who lifts large weight off the ground ?	man
26498	A man throws a ball to his son , who catches it with a lacrosse stick .	who throws the ball to his son , who catches it with a lacrosse stick ?	man
26498	A man throws a ball to his son , who catches it with a lacrosse stick .	what does the man throw to his son , who catches it with a lacrosse stick ?	ball
26499	The boy flings it back and it sails to the right of the man .	who flings it back and it sails to the right of the man ?	boy
26500	A woman is shown from various angles moving on an exercise machine and leads into the earth revolving .	who is shown from various angles moving on an exercise machine and leads into the earth revolving ?	woman
26503	A man is talking in front of a net .	who is talking in front of a net ?	man
26506	A toddler is sitting down in front of a table , with her play make up laid out on the table .	who is sitting down in front of a table , with her play make up laid out on the table ?	toddler
26510	A group of boys are playing ball on a court .	what are the group of boys playing on a court ?	ball
26513	A little boy is playing hop scotch on the pavement .	who is playing hop scotch on the pavement ?	boy
26513	A little boy is playing hop scotch on the pavement .	what is the little boy playing hop on the pavement ?	scotch
26518	Young boys are shown doing a karate demo in front of the judges .	who are shown doing the karate demo in front of the judges ?	boys
26520	They then relax and take a bow while the people behind them clap .	what do they then relax and take ?	bow
26524	A man lifts weights over his head in a gym .	who lifts weights over his head in a gym ?	man
26525	A woman then lifts weights over her head .	who then lifts weights over her head ?	woman
26528	A man in a black shirt is talking to someone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
26529	A man in a gray shirt has his hands on his hips .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
26530	A man is kneeling down on the ground sanding a wall with a silver utensil .	who is kneeling down on the ground sanding a wall with a silver utensil ?	man
26531	The man stands up , looks back at the camera and continues doing his task .	who stands up , looks back at the camera and continues doing his task ?	man
26532	Now the man is back on his knees and continues to do what he was doing in the beginning .	who does now continue to do what he was doing in the beginning ?	man
26534	An older man shines a shoe and talks about how he shines shoes and how he learned to shine shoes as a child .	who shines the shoe and talks about how he shines shoes and how he learned to shine shoes as a child ?	man
26535	The same man is shown shining another mans shoes .	who is shown shining another mans shoes ?	man
26536	The same man shines shoes in a shop while other people sit or walk around .	who shines shoes in a shop while other people sit or walk around ?	man
26536	The same man shines shoes in a shop while other people sit or walk around .	where does the same man shin shoes while other people sit or walk around . ?	shop
26538	The older man shines another shoe and talks about shining shoes .	who shines another shoe and talks about shining shoes ?	man
26539	A different man is seen in the background walking away .	who is seen in the background walking away ?	man
26541	The diver comes above the water holding a tank and spins around while the camera follows .	who comes above the water holding a tank and spins around while the camera follows ?	diver
26542	A man in a white jacket picks up an iron .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
26544	He puts bread on the tin foil with butter and cheese .	what does he put on the tin foil with butter and cheese ?	bread
26546	He opens the tin foil and cuts the sandwich in half .	what does he open ?	foil
26548	An athlete is seen walking up to a platform and begins spinning himself around and throwing an object off into the distance .	who is seen walking up to the platform and begins spinning himself around and throwing an object off into the distance ?	athlete
26549	His throw is shown again in slow motion and another man is seen spinning around then throwing the object with his hands up afterwards .	who is his throw shown again in slow motion and is seen spinning around then throwing the object with his hands up afterwards ?	man
26550	A man is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment and rowing himself back and fourth on a machine .	who is seen sitting on the piece of exercise equipment and rowing himself back and fourth on a machine ?	man
26551	The man continues moving himself back and fourth as the camera captures him from several angles .	who continues moving himself back and fourth as the camera captures him from several angles ?	man
26552	man is standing in a racetrack and is running to make a jump and people is standing around him .	who is standing in the racetrack and is running to make a jump and people is standing around him ?	man
26552	man is standing in a racetrack and is running to make a jump and people is standing around him .	where is man standing and people is standing around him . ?	racetrack
26553	man is sitting in a room talking to the camera .	who is sitting in the room talking to the camera ?	man
26554	man is running in a racetrack and jumping in the dust and man is sitting in a room talking .	who is running in the racetrack and jumping in the dust and man is sitting in a room talking ?	man
26554	man is running in a racetrack and jumping in the dust and man is sitting in a room talking .	who is man running in a racetrack and jumping in the dust and is sitting in a room talking ?	man
26554	man is running in a racetrack and jumping in the dust and man is sitting in a room talking .	where is man running and jumping in the dust and man is sitting in a room talking . ?	racetrack
26555	players are running playing american football and spectators are in the terraces .	who are players running and are in the terraces ?	spectators
26556	old man is talking in the room and the man in the race track is running and practicing the jump .	who is talking in the room and the man in the race track is running and practicing the jump ?	man
26556	old man is talking in the room and the man in the race track is running and practicing the jump .	where is old man talking and the man in the race track is running and practicing the jump . ?	room
26557	Two large pieces of decorated construction paper are shown with the words Happy Birthday all over them .	how many large pieces of decorated construction paper are shown with the words happy birthday all over them ?	two
26561	A woman is standing on a wooden floor .	who is standing on the wooden floor ?	woman
26564	a man is shown on a stage , playing a set of drums .	who is shown on the stage , playing a set of drums ?	man
26565	The woman to one side is playing maracas .	what is the woman to one side playing ?	maracas
26566	The man on the other side is playing an electric guitar .	what is the man on the other side playing ?	guitar
26567	A man is shown entering a circular caged area with one side open .	who is shown entering the circular caged area with one side open ?	man
26568	The man begins rotating a ball that is attached to a string around him .	who begins rotating the ball that is attached to a string around him ?	man
26569	The man begins spinning his body quickly in circles .	who begins spinning his body quickly in circles ?	man
26570	The man lets go of the string and the ball flies through the air .	who lets go of the string and the ball flies through the air ?	man
26570	The man lets go of the string and the ball flies through the air .	what does the man let go of the string and flies through the air ?	ball
26571	Two teams play polo holding poles to kick a ball on front a crowd in a field .	how many teams play polo holding poles to kick a ball on front a crowd in a field ?	two
26574	We see the opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
26575	A man hold up a bench and opens the parts so he can set it up .	who hold up the bench and opens the parts so he can set it up ?	man
26575	A man hold up a bench and opens the parts so he can set it up .	what do the man hold up ?	bench
26576	He sticks a pin in and snaps his ski in .	what does he stick in ?	pin
26576	He sticks a pin in and snaps his ski in .	what does he snap in ?	ski
26577	He then waxes the ski and removes the pin .	what does he then wax ?	ski
26577	He then waxes the ski and removes the pin .	what does he then remove ?	pin
26580	A man in a large green field practices over seven hammer throws in the field with a measuring tape in front of him stretched along the ground .	what is the color of the practices ?	green
26581	A bare chested man in black track pants spins a hammer throw around and around until he releases into a field in front of him .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
26582	The man then goes on to perform at least six more hammer throws in the same way in the same location .	who then goes on to perform at least six more hammer throws in the same way in the same location ?	man
26585	The camera pans around areas that they hit and shows one man walking away .	what pans around areas that they hit and shows one man walking away ?	camera
26585	The camera pans around areas that they hit and shows one man walking away .	how many man does the camera pan around areas that they hit and shows walking away ?	one
26589	A tattoo parlor is shown from the outside then inside .	what is shown from the outside then inside ?	parlor
26591	An artist is shown drawing and coloring in tattoos on a piece of paper .	who is shown drawing and coloring in tattoos on a piece of paper ?	artist
26592	A baby is riding a swing in the playground .	who is riding the swing in the playground ?	baby
26594	The man starts to play with her .	who starts to play with her ?	man
26596	A man head the race and run alone in the street .	who head the race and run alone in the street ?	man
26596	A man head the race and run alone in the street .	where do the man run . ?	street
26597	Suddenly , the man crashes into the car and falls .	suddenly , who crashes into the car and falls ?	man
26598	There 's a man in a blue shirt walking into a tall building where there 's an indoor fencing arena .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
26601	The fencer then demonstrates and gives the man a lesson in fencing .	who then demonstrates and gives the man a lesson in fencing ?	fencer
26601	The fencer then demonstrates and gives the man a lesson in fencing .	where does the fencer then give the man a lesson . ?	fencing
26603	The man is able to miss and evade every move of the fencer as he goes untouched by the sword .	who is able to miss and evade every move of the fencer as he goes untouched by the sword ?	man
26604	Then both the fencers remove their masks and shake hands .	what does then both the fencers remove and shake hands ?	masks
26605	The fencer talks about his experience with the master fencer .	who talks about his experience with the master fencer ?	fencer
26607	Several different games begin and a yellow circle is drawn around him for each play when he is running back and forth .	what do several different games begin and is drawn around him for each play when he is running back and forth ?	circle
26607	Several different games begin and a yellow circle is drawn around him for each play when he is running back and forth .	what is the color of the circle ?	yellow
26608	When the highlight reel is finished , a black screen appears and shows the High School as well as the name for the player .	what does , appear and shows the high school as well as the name for the player ?	screen
26608	When the highlight reel is finished , a black screen appears and shows the High School as well as the name for the player .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26609	A man is at a park , where he and his wife , who is holding a baby , push two small children on the swings .	who is at the park , where he and his wife , who is holding a baby , push two small children on the swings ?	man
26610	The woman disappears as the man continues to push .	who disappears as the man continues to push ?	woman
26612	The kids throw the balls to one another while playing a game .	who throw the balls to one another while playing a game ?	kids
26614	A man dances in in a big room .	who dances in in the big room ?	man
26614	A man dances in in a big room .	where does the man dance in . ?	room
26616	These horses are walking in a grassy area by themselves and then a woman is shown brushing the horse 's hair .	what are walking in the grassy area by themselves and then a woman is shown brushing the horse 's hair ?	horses
26616	These horses are walking in a grassy area by themselves and then a woman is shown brushing the horse 's hair .	who are these horses walking in a grassy area by themselves and then is shown brushing the horse 's hair ?	woman
26617	The camera zooms in to shows the horse ' nose and then the woman climbs onto the horse 's saddle to ride it somewhere .	what zooms in to shows the horse ' nose and then the woman climbs onto the horse 's saddle to ride it somewhere ?	camera
26618	Then two other people are hsown riding the horse 's in different settings .	how many other people are then hsown riding the horse 's in different settings ?	two
26619	Two girls are siting outside talking with there feet crossed .	who are siting outside talking with there feet crossed ?	girls
26619	Two girls are siting outside talking with there feet crossed .	how many girls are siting outside talking with there feet crossed ?	two
26620	One of the girls hands the other a container which she pulls a little paper out of that tells her what to do .	what does one of the girls hand the other ?	container
26626	Two boys in karate pants wrestle one another in the background .	how many boys in karate pants wrestle one another in the background ?	two
26630	A man plays the drums intensely .	who plays the drums intensely ?	man
26630	A man plays the drums intensely .	what does the man play intensely ?	drums
26631	A large screen shows the band above .	what shows the band above ?	screen
26633	An archery competition montage video shows pitched battles taking place in fields , convention halls of hotels , indoor arenas , and warehouses .	what shows pitched battles taking place in fields , convention halls of hotels , indoor arenas , and warehouses ?	video
26635	A balded man is seen talking to a camera while rubbing his head and making grimace faces .	who is seen talking to the camera while rubbing his head and making grimace faces ?	man
26640	A man in a yard starts his lawn mower .	what does the man in a yard start ?	mower
26641	The man mows his lawn with headphones on his ears as his dog walks around the yard .	who mows his lawn with headphones on his ears as his dog walks around the yard ?	man
26642	the dog runs to get out of the way of the lawn mower and leaves the scene .	what runs to get out of the way of the lawn mower and leaves the scene ?	dog
26643	A cat is seen licking itself on a bed while a person continuously attempts to cut it 's claws .	what is seen licking itself on a bed while a person continuously attempts to cut it 's claws ?	cat
26644	The person scratches the cat while it continues to lick itself and attempts again to cut it 's claws .	what does the person scratch ?	cat
26645	Finally the person plays with the cat and the car continues licking .	what does finally the person play with the cat and continues licking ?	car
26646	A guy is shaving a male 's leg .	who is shaving the male 's leg ?	guy
26648	The guy rinses the razor in a blue bowl full with soapy liquid .	who rinses the razor in a blue bowl full with soapy liquid ?	guy
26648	The guy rinses the razor in a blue bowl full with soapy liquid .	what is the color of the bowl ?	blue
26648	The guy rinses the razor in a blue bowl full with soapy liquid .	where does the guy rinse the razor full with soapy liquid . ?	bowl
26649	A man is holding a volleyball while standing on a court and speaking .	who is holding the volleyball while standing on a court and speaking ?	man
26651	A man stands in a room wearing blue .	who stands in the room wearing blue ?	man
26652	He is applying a picture to the wall .	what is he applying to the wall ?	picture
26653	He uses a tool to smooth it out .	what does he use ?	tool
26655	A man is standing outside a trailer .	who is standing outside the trailer ?	man
26657	He puts the snow shovel in the snow and continues talking .	what does he put in the snow ?	shovel
26658	A small child is seen sitting in a tube while others stand around him .	who is seen sitting in the tube while others stand around him ?	child
26658	A small child is seen sitting in a tube while others stand around him .	where is the small child seen sitting while others stand around him . ?	tube
26659	The boy then begins riding down a snowy hill in the tube .	who then begins riding down the snowy hill in the tube ?	boy
26659	The boy then begins riding down a snowy hill in the tube .	where does the boy then begin riding down a snowy hill . ?	tube
26660	The boy continues to ride until he reaches the bottom .	who continues to ride until he reaches the bottom ?	boy
26661	A woman stands by a sink as she speaks .	who stands by the sink as she speaks ?	woman
26662	She turns on the faucet and wets the sink .	what does she wet ?	sink
26663	She sprays the sink with a cleaner .	what did she spray with a cleaner ?	sink
26664	She grabs a paper towel and wipes the sink .	what does she grab ?	towel
26664	She grabs a paper towel and wipes the sink .	what does she wipe ?	sink
26665	She turns on the water and wets the sink .	what does she wet ?	sink
26666	She grabs another paper towel and wipes the sink .	what does she grab ?	towel
26666	She grabs another paper towel and wipes the sink .	what does she wipe ?	sink
26669	They chase the ball all over the court .	what do they chase all over the court ?	ball
26671	Two men getting ready for a contest by doing paper scissors rocks to see who goes first .	how many men is getting ready for a contest by doing paper scissors rocks to see who goes first ?	two
26673	an oreo cheesecake is on top of a table .	what is on top of a table ?	cheesecake
26674	oreos are in a bowl and the cooker is crushing them and melted butter and mixing and put it in a pan .	what are in the bowl and the cooker is crushing them and melted butter and mixing and put it in a pan ?	oreos
26674	oreos are in a bowl and the cooker is crushing them and melted butter and mixing and put it in a pan .	what are oreos in a bowl and is crushing them and melted butter and mixing and put it in a pan ?	cooker
26674	oreos are in a bowl and the cooker is crushing them and melted butter and mixing and put it in a pan .	where are oreos and the cooker is crushing them and melted butter and mixing and put it in a pan . ?	bowl
26675	whipping cream is meled in a bowl and beat until double its volume .	where is whipping cream meled and beat until double its volume . ?	bowl
26676	A woman is seen speaking into a microphone and leads into her throwing darts at a person 's head after spinning .	who is seen speaking into the microphone and leads into her throwing darts at a person 's head after spinning ?	woman
26678	In the end the man takes the pumpkin off of his head .	who does in the end take the pumpkin off of his head ?	man
26679	A man is shown sitting down in front of a tree shuffling cards when someone hands him a drink .	who is shown sitting down in front of a tree shuffling cards when someone hands him a drink ?	man
26680	He then chugs the drink very quickly and points to the one who threw the drink .	what does he then chug very quickly and points to the one who threw the drink ?	drink
26681	Several images of a bakery and a chef are shown and then a little animate guy comes along showing what the video will be about .	who are several images of a bakery and a chef shown and then comes along showing what the video will be about ?	guy
26682	A real chef then appears and begins cutting small layers of cakes and adding them together .	who then appears and begins cutting small layers of cakes and adding them together ?	chef
26683	Once all the layers of the cake are cut out and iced together , the fondant is placed on the cake as well as the icing and the desert is complete .	what is , placed on the cake as well as the icing and the desert is complete ?	fondant
26686	They bake them in the oven .	where do they bake them . ?	oven
26688	A young girl is shown taking wet clothes our of a bucket .	who is shown taking wet clothes our of a bucket ?	girl
26691	A young boy jumps in front of the camera and is smiling .	who jumps in front of the camera and is smiling ?	boy
26692	The little girls continue rinsing the clothes in the bucket as the young boy turns his back to the camera .	who continue rinsing the clothes in the bucket as the young boy turns his back to the camera ?	girls
26692	The little girls continue rinsing the clothes in the bucket as the young boy turns his back to the camera .	where do the little girls continue rinsing the clothes as the young boy turns his back to the camera . ?	bucket
26693	The young girl continues on with her work and is shown being very focused in her task .	who continues on with her work and is shown being very focused in her task ?	girl
26696	The man skis with his hand in the water as he bends down .	who skis with his hand in the water as he bends down ?	man
26699	A second woman begins wiping snow off of the car 's windshield wipers while talking to the woman in the fur hooded coat .	who begins wiping snow off of the car 's windshield wipers while talking to the woman in the fur hooded coat ?	woman
26700	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while shots of homes are shown .	who is seen speaking to the camera while shots of homes are shown ?	woman
26702	The woman continues speaking to the camera while the dogs continue to be groomed behind her .	who continues speaking to the camera while the dogs continue to be groomed behind her ?	woman
26703	A teen shakes his hand on front a glass of water while a youth watch him .	who shakes his hand on front a glass of water while a youth watch him ?	teen
26704	Then , the teen takes the glass shaking his hand and drinks the water while the laugh .	then , who takes the glass shaking his hand and drinks the water while the laugh ?	teen
26705	After , the youth takes the glass , then holds a cup while the teen fold his right hand .	what does , then hold ?	cup
26706	Next , the teen takes a cup and pretend to drink while making gestures of pain .	next , who takes the cup and pretend to drink while making gestures of pain ?	teen
26707	A boy welds on a piece of metal making sparkles .	who welds on the piece of metal making sparkles ?	boy
26708	Then , the boy raise his helmet and talks .	who do then , raise his helmet and talks ?	boy
26709	A woman opens her mouth and smiles at the camera .	who opens her mouth and smiles at the camera ?	woman
26712	A vacant beach is visible and people began to pull their cars up against the coast .	what is visible and people began to pull their cars up against the coast ?	beach
26713	The sidewalk then appears and a boy begins to skateboard down the road near the beach .	what then appears and the boy begins to skateboard down the road near the beach ?	sidewalk
26713	The sidewalk then appears and a boy begins to skateboard down the road near the beach .	who does the sidewalk then appear and begins to skateboard down the road near the beach ?	boy
26716	The man then pulls on the fishing wire a few times and stands there holding his fishing pole , moving it , and winding it from time to time .	who then pulls on the fishing wire a few times and stands there holding his fishing pole , moving it , and winding it from time to time ?	man
26717	The man then begins to pull on the fishing wire , pulls his pole up and and down a few times , and then adjusts the camera .	who then begins to pull on the fishing wire , pulls his pole up and and down a few times , and then adjusts the camera ?	man
26717	The man then begins to pull on the fishing wire , pulls his pole up and and down a few times , and then adjusts the camera .	the man then then adjusts what ?	camera
26721	The tile screen shows up with some names .	what shows up with some names ?	screen
26722	A man starts throwing a shot-put several different times as names scroll at the bottom .	who starts throwing the shot-put several different times as names scroll at the bottom ?	man
26724	A man is behind the last one thrown .	who is behind the last one thrown ?	man
26726	A man appears , using squeegees to wash a window in front of him while he speaks .	who appears , using squeegees to wash a window in front of him while he speaks ?	man
26727	He applies soap liberally before swiping it off with the rake .	what does he apply before swiping it off with the rake ?	liberally
26729	An athlete walks up to a beam .	who walks up to the beam ?	athlete
26732	A woman in a black leotard is talking on a stage .	what is the color of the leotard ?	black
26732	A woman in a black leotard is talking on a stage .	where is the woman talking on a stage . ?	leotard
26735	Two people are playing a lacrosse game .	how many people are playing the lacrosse game ?	two
26737	A man is seen standing and looking around and then cleans off a bowling ball and stands before a lane .	who is seen standing and looking around and then cleans off the bowling ball and stands before a lane ?	man
26738	The man throws the ball down and hits several pins .	who throws the ball down and hits several pins ?	man
26738	The man throws the ball down and hits several pins .	what does the man throw down ?	ball
26738	The man throws the ball down and hits several pins .	what does the man hit ?	pins
26740	The man continues touching the rock and begins stretching .	who continues touching the rock and begins stretching ?	man
26743	The woman is then shown alone and she begins talking .	who is then shown alone and she begins talking ?	woman
26744	An ice rink then appears and a woman begins coaching a man about specific techniques for a game .	what then appears and the woman begins coaching a man about specific techniques for a game ?	rink
26744	An ice rink then appears and a woman begins coaching a man about specific techniques for a game .	who does an ice rink then appear and begins coaching a man about specific techniques for a game ?	woman
26746	More people are in the gym and they continue curling and more instructors begin having interviews .	where are more people and they continue curling and more instructors begin having interviews . ?	gym
26747	Clips are shown from a real curling game and the people begin to wait against the wall .	what are shown from the real curling game and the people begin to wait against the wall ?	clips
26749	A man is preparing to fly the kite .	who is preparing to fly the kite ?	man
26750	The kite gets airborne and soars .	what gets airborne and soars ?	kite
26752	The man raise his t-shirt sleeve until the shoulder .	who raise his t-shirt sleeve until the shoulder ?	man
26752	The man raise his t-shirt sleeve until the shoulder .	what do the man raise until the shoulder ?	sleeve
26753	A man walks in a room behind the wrestlers .	who walks in the room behind the wrestlers ?	man
26754	The man bend the woman 's arm , but the woman straight her arm and bend the arm of the man and win .	who bend the woman 's arm , but the woman straight her arm and bend the arm of the man and win ?	man
26754	The man bend the woman 's arm , but the woman straight her arm and bend the arm of the man and win .	the man bend who arm , but the woman straight her arm ?	woman
26755	A man prunes dead branches from fruit bearing plant stems in the winter .	who prunes dead branches from fruit bearing plant stems in the winter ?	man
26760	A little girl bumps on the wall and gets stuck with other cars , then the girl gets free and continues riding .	who bumps on the wall and gets stuck with other cars , then the girl gets free and continues riding ?	girl
26760	A little girl bumps on the wall and gets stuck with other cars , then the girl gets free and continues riding .	the little girl bumps on the wall and gets stuck with other cars , then who gets free and continues riding ?	girl
26761	The little girl get stuck with other children , then she gets free and then rides the bumper car .	who get stuck with other children , then she gets free and then rides the bumper car ?	girl
26761	The little girl get stuck with other children , then she gets free and then rides the bumper car .	what do the little girl get stuck with other children , then she gets free and then rides ?	car
26765	A person is then seen putting a sandwich of cheese and meat together on white bread rolls with lettuce on a counter top .	what is the color of the rolls ?	white
26768	We see the man on a blue track with ad signs .	who do we see on a blue track with ad signs ?	man
26768	We see the man on a blue track with ad signs .	what is the color of the track ?	blue
26769	The man tumbles on his landing .	who tumbles on his landing ?	man
26771	The screen fades to black .	what fades to black ?	screen
26771	The screen fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26772	A woman mixes items together in a bowl .	who mixes items together in a bowl ?	woman
26772	A woman mixes items together in a bowl .	where does the woman mix items . ?	bowl
26775	woman is sitting on a wooden bench talking to the camera .	who is sitting on the wooden bench talking to the camera ?	woman
26776	woman is doing somersaults on a large green grassy field .	who is doing somersaults on a large green grassy field ?	woman
26776	woman is doing somersaults on a large green grassy field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
26777	woman is making a jump and slide and fell into the grass .	who is making the jump and slide and fell into the grass ?	woman
26780	A small child seated at a table eats ice cream with a spoon while people walk by in the background .	who seated at a table eats ice cream with a spoon while people walk by in the background ?	child
26782	The child inserts her spoon into her ice cream container on the table .	who inserts her spoon into her ice cream container on the table ?	child
26782	The child inserts her spoon into her ice cream container on the table .	what did the child insert into her ice cream container on the table ?	spoon
26783	The child complains about something .	who complains about something ?	child
26784	The camera zooms in on the ice cream .	what zooms in on the ice cream ?	camera
26786	We see the bars moving and then see two men sitting at the table .	we then see how many men sitting at the table ?	two
26788	A man is seen using a power drill in a large bowl filled with chocolate .	who is seen using the power drill in a large bowl filled with chocolate ?	man
26789	Another person hands him a blender but the man continues using the drill in the bowl .	who does another person hand but continues using the drill in the bowl ?	man
26789	Another person hands him a blender but the man continues using the drill in the bowl .	where does another person hand him a blender but the man continues using the drill . ?	bowl
26790	A young woman is seen standing behind a lawn mower in a yard .	who is seen standing behind the lawn mower in a yard ?	woman
26793	A man and woman are riding bikes quickly down a paved street .	what are the man and woman riding quickly down a paved street ?	bicycles
26795	they then replace the tubes and get back on their bikes .	what do they then replace ?	tubes
26797	A woman is standing in the bathtub using the shower to wash her clothes .	who is standing in the bathtub using the shower to wash her clothes ?	woman
26798	She kicks the clothes around and steps around and kind of dances on them .	what does she kick around ?	clothes
26799	Her boyfriend is recording her and himself in the mirror .	who is recording her and himself in the mirror ?	boyfriend
26799	Her boyfriend is recording her and himself in the mirror .	where is her boyfriend recording her and himself . ?	mirror
26800	He continues to watch her as she steps on the clothed , and then he turns the camera to his mother .	what does he continue , and then he turns to his mother ?	camera
26807	He recommend that all 4 tires should be replaced at the same time .	how many tires do he recommend that should be replaced at the same time ?	four
26809	A ballerina is seen walking out onto a stage and leads into her performing a ballet routine .	who is seen walking out onto the stage and leads into her performing a ballet routine ?	ballerina
26810	The girl spins herself around on her shoes while the audience watches her .	who spins herself around on her shoes while the audience watches her ?	girl
26812	A barefoot man is touching up a piece of wood furniture with a brush .	who is touching up the piece of wood furniture with a brush ?	man
26813	He then moves the piece around to show the scuffs and buffs them out with a brush .	what does he then move around ?	piece
26814	The man shows the cleaned edges with his fingers .	who shows the cleaned edges with his fingers ?	man
26815	Two people are seen sitting at a table speaking with cups of coffees on the table in front of them .	how many people are seen sitting at the table speaking with cups of coffees on the table in front of them ?	two
26816	The man is then seen sitting alone in various locations and then begins dancing on a wall .	who is then seen sitting alone in various locations and then begins dancing on a wall ?	man
26819	A girl moves around with a hula hoop doing various movements .	who moves around with the hula hoop doing various movements ?	girl
26821	The girl spins her hula hoop around her head .	who spins her hula hoop around her head ?	girl
26821	The girl spins her hula hoop around her head .	what does the girl spin around her head ?	hoop
26823	The stadium shows the two teams competing in the game hockey .	what shows the two teams competing in the game hockey ?	stadium
26823	The stadium shows the two teams competing in the game hockey .	how many teams does the stadium show competing in the game hockey ?	two
26824	The crowd is loudly cheering as one team becomes victorious .	how many team is the crowd loudly cheering as becomes victorious ?	one
26827	A woman is standing with a ball on a string .	who is standing with the ball on a string ?	woman
26830	An athlete is seen standing ready in the middle of a small circle and then throws a shot put off into the distance .	who is seen standing ready in the middle of a small circle and then throws a shot put off into the distance ?	athlete
26831	The man walks away shaking his arms and his throw is shown again several times .	who walks away shaking his arms and his throw is shown again several times ?	man
26832	Several more athletes are shown stepping up to the platform throwing the shot put and ending with a man in a hat speaking to the audience .	who are shown stepping up to the platform throwing the shot put and ending with a man in a hat speaking to the audience ?	athletes
26834	IT goes through a window on a house and a cat runs .	what does it go through a window on a house and runs ?	cat
26835	The man looks outside and sees the lady .	who looks outside and sees the lady ?	man
26835	The man looks outside and sees the lady .	who does the man see ?	lady
26836	the lady uses a pole to pole vault into the second story window and jump on the man .	who uses the pole to pole vault into the second story window and jump on the man ?	lady
26836	the lady uses a pole to pole vault into the second story window and jump on the man .	what does the lady use ?	pole
26838	A person holding a broom cleans the floor back and forth .	the person holding what cleans the floor back and forth ?	broom
26838	A person holding a broom cleans the floor back and forth .	what is the person holding a broom cleans back and forth ?	floor
26840	Athletes runs on an outdoors track of a field and pole vault during practice .	who runs on an outdoors track of a field and pole vault during practice ?	athletes
26841	An athlete runs and pole vaults during an Olympic competition in a stadium .	who runs and pole vaults during an olympic competition in a stadium ?	athlete
26842	Athletes make a practice jumps and dive under the rope and onto the mat .	who make the practice jumps and dive under the rope and onto the mat ?	athletes
26843	A man is seen outside in front of a porch pushing a mower back and fourth .	who is seen outside in front of a porch pushing a mower back and fourth ?	man
26852	The man rubs the tools along his skin and points back and fourth to the vacuum while speaking .	who rubs the tools along his skin and points back and fourth to the vacuum while speaking ?	man
26852	The man rubs the tools along his skin and points back and fourth to the vacuum while speaking .	what does the man rub along his skin and points back ?	tools
26853	A person walks into the view of the camera where there is an orange toy laying on the floor .	what is the color of the toy ?	orange
26862	A woman holding a pole runs on a track toward a goal line and performs a pole vault in front of event onlookers and supporters .	who is holding a pole runs on a track toward a goal line and performs a pole vault in front of event onlookers and supporters ?	woman
26862	A woman holding a pole runs on a track toward a goal line and performs a pole vault in front of event onlookers and supporters .	the woman holding what runs on a track toward a goal line and performs a pole vault in front of event onlookers and supporters ?	pole
26862	A woman holding a pole runs on a track toward a goal line and performs a pole vault in front of event onlookers and supporters .	what is the woman holding a pole runs on a track toward a goal line and performs in front of event onlookers and supporters ?	vault
26863	The woman is then shown at two more event performing the same pole vault surrounded by onlookers and score takers .	who is then shown at two more event performing the same pole vault surrounded by onlookers and score takers ?	woman
26864	A woman stands in front of a mirror and rinses her mouth before pulling her face close to the mirror and looking at her teeth from a close up angle .	who stands in front of a mirror and rinses her mouth before pulling her face close to the mirror and looking at her teeth from a close up angle ?	woman
26865	A woman sits in front of a bathroom mirror squishing water in her mouth , as if rinsing her mouth .	who sits in front of a bathroom mirror squishing water in her mouth , as if rinsing her mouth ?	woman
26866	The woman then spits the water into the sink and looks at her teeth very close in the mirror before the scene fades out .	who then spits the water into the sink and looks at her teeth very close in the mirror before the scene fades out ?	woman
26870	A person on skis is holding a line and falls then a person in white crashes into another and they both fall .	what is the color of the crashes ?	white
26871	A snowboarder ca n't hold the line and knocks over a person helping and falls himself .	who ca n't hold the line and knocks over a person helping and falls himself ?	snowboarder
26872	A river surrounded by rocks apperas .	what surrounded by rocks apperas ?	river
26875	The lady helped the man and child to hang the decor in the Christmas tree , the man handed some decorations to the lady and she put it on the tree .	who helped the man and child to hang the decor in the christmas tree , the man handed some decorations to the lady and she put it on the tree ?	lady
26875	The lady helped the man and child to hang the decor in the Christmas tree , the man handed some decorations to the lady and she put it on the tree .	who did the lady help the man and child , handed some decorations to the lady and she put it on the tree ?	man
26875	The lady helped the man and child to hang the decor in the Christmas tree , the man handed some decorations to the lady and she put it on the tree .	what did the lady help the man and child , the man handed to the lady and she put it on the tree ?	decorations
26876	The woman sat on the chair to arrange the christmas ball on the table , and helped them with the decorations .	who sat on the chair to arrange the christmas ball on the table , and helped them with the decorations ?	woman
26877	A lady in black top put more decorations to the christmas tree .	what did the lady in black top put to the christmas tree ?	decorations
26877	A lady in black top put more decorations to the christmas tree .	what is the color of the top ?	black
26879	The woman shows off cleavage .	who shows off cleavage ?	woman
26880	The dancers begin spinning around each other .	who begin spinning around each other ?	dancers
26881	The dancers begin to preform seperately .	who begin to preform seperately ?	dancers
26882	The dancers begins moving again together for a big finish .	who begins moving again together for the big finish ?	dancers
26883	A woman slaps her cheek as she prepares on a field .	who slaps her cheek as she prepares on a field ?	woman
26886	A woman wearing a black top and with curly brown hair and bronze highlights is demonstrating how to use a diffuser to dry hair .	who is wearing a black top and with curly brown hair and bronze highlights is demonstrating how to use a diffuser to dry hair ?	woman
26886	A woman wearing a black top and with curly brown hair and bronze highlights is demonstrating how to use a diffuser to dry hair .	what is the color of the top ?	black
26887	She is using the blow dryer on medium heat to dry her hair .	what is she using blow on medium heat ?	dryer
26888	She blow dries the curls till the moisture from the hair is gone .	what does she blow dry ?	curls
26889	After she 's done using the blow dryer , she uses a wide tooth comb to comb through her curls .	what does , she use ?	comb
26890	She then poofs up her hair and shows off her luscious curls .	what does she then show off ?	curls
26891	A helicopter flies in some people who then start playing paintball .	what flies in some people who then start playing paintball ?	helicopter
26894	The crowd applauds the athletes as a man hands out prizes to the athletes .	who does the crowd applaud ?	athletes
26895	Journalists surround the athletes with cameras .	who surround the athletes with cameras ?	journalists
26895	Journalists surround the athletes with cameras .	who do journalists surround with cameras ?	athletes
26897	A camera crew focuses on a sweaty seated athlete .	what focuses on the sweaty seated athlete ?	crew
26899	Three people sit talking in front of an audience .	how many people sit talking in front of an audience ?	three
26903	Two people speak to the camera and show more shots of them climbing a mountain and various shots of the mountain .	how many people speak to the camera and show more shots of them climbing a mountain and various shots of the mountain ?	two
26906	They throw a ball , and the girl kicks it before being led to a base .	what do they throw , and the girl kicks it before being led to a base ?	ball
26906	They throw a ball , and the girl kicks it before being led to a base .	who do they throw a ball , and kicks it before being led to a base ?	girl
26910	The woman eventually speaks the camera while performing several different dance moves for the camera to see .	who eventually speaks the camera while performing several different dance moves for the camera to see ?	woman
26910	The woman eventually speaks the camera while performing several different dance moves for the camera to see .	what does the woman eventually speak while performing several different dance moves for the camera to see ?	camera
26911	Several canoes are shown in idle in murky water .	what are shown in idle in murky water ?	canoes
26913	A person is washing their hands in a sink .	where is the person washing their hands . ?	sink
26914	Two women are standing by the sink washing their hands .	who are standing by the sink washing their hands ?	women
26914	Two women are standing by the sink washing their hands .	how many women are standing by the sink washing their hands ?	two
26916	Two men on one knee demonstrate a hip flexxer stretch in a therapy gym .	how many men on one knee demonstrate a hip flexxer stretch in a therapy gym ?	two
26916	Two men on one knee demonstrate a hip flexxer stretch in a therapy gym .	where do two men on one knee demonstrate a hip flexxer stretch . ?	gym
26917	The man wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch .	who is wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch ?	man
26917	The man wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch .	the man wearing what uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch ?	t-shirt
26917	The man wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch .	who is the man wearing a black t-shirt uses wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch ?	man
26917	The man wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch .	the man wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing what as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch ?	t-shirt
26917	The man wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	black
26917	The man wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	green
26918	The man in the black t-shirt adjusts the man in the green - t shirt a into different positions by slight positioning of the foot , leg , hips and arms .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	black
26918	The man in the black t-shirt adjusts the man in the green - t shirt a into different positions by slight positioning of the foot , leg , hips and arms .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
26919	A man is sitting in a gym with friends who make stupid signs at the camera .	who is sitting in the gym with friends who make stupid signs at the camera ?	man
26919	A man is sitting in a gym with friends who make stupid signs at the camera .	where is the man sitting . ?	gym
26922	Two boys are seen bumping in to one another with several other kids riding around and hitting each other .	who are seen bumping in to one another with several other kids riding around and hitting each other ?	boys
26922	Two boys are seen bumping in to one another with several other kids riding around and hitting each other .	how many boys are seen bumping in to one another with several other kids riding around and hitting each other ?	two
26923	A kid fills a pot with water .	who fills the pot with water ?	kid
26924	He puts the pot on a stove and puts a lid on it .	what does he put on a stove ?	pot
26927	He stirs the pot and pours the pasta into a strainer .	what does he stir ?	pot
26927	He stirs the pot and pours the pasta into a strainer .	what does he pour into a strainer ?	pasta
26928	He pours the pasta back into the pan .	what does he pour back into the pan ?	pasta
26929	He adds sauce and stirs it together .	what does he add ?	sauce
26930	A man is skateboarding down a city street .	who is skateboarding down the city street ?	man
26935	The man continues playing and stops moving his hand out of frame .	who continues playing and stops moving his hand out of frame ?	man
26937	Two cartoon sumo wrestlers are engaged in a fight .	who are sumo engaged in a fight ?	wrestlers
26937	Two cartoon sumo wrestlers are engaged in a fight .	how many cartoon sumo wrestlers are engaged in the fight ?	two
26939	Sumos are standing in front of each other in a dust court and a referee dress in white suit is watching them .	what is the color of the suit ?	white
26943	A young child is seen sitting on the floor brushing her hair in front of a mirror .	who is seen sitting on the floor brushing her hair in front of a mirror ?	child
26944	The girl continues to brush her hair and ends with her watching a video and speaking to the camera .	who continues to brush her hair and ends with her watching a video and speaking to the camera ?	girl
26948	A man is power washing a fence .	who is power washing a fence ?	man
26948	A man is power washing a fence .	the man is power washing what ?	fence
26953	The ingredients made from oilsand powders are mixed together and shaken in a jar , and poured onto a salad .	what made from oilsand powders are mixed together and shaken in a jar , and poured onto a salad ?	ingredients
26955	A black screen appears and the yellow words appear on them read `` Extreme How-To presents '' .	what appears and the yellow words appear on them read `` extreme how-to presents '' ?	screen
26955	A black screen appears and the yellow words appear on them read `` Extreme How-To presents '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26955	A black screen appears and the yellow words appear on them read `` Extreme How-To presents '' .	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
26956	The second black screen has yellow words that read `` Installing Heated Floor Tile '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
26956	The second black screen has yellow words that read `` Installing Heated Floor Tile '' .	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
26957	The man is back on the ground with a long tape measure and measuring the ground .	who is back on the ground with a long tape measure and measuring the ground ?	man
26958	The man is now holding a tile with ridges on all four sides and he takes a mallet and a tool to gently pound the pieces together .	who is now holding the tile with ridges on all four sides and he takes a mallet and a tool to gently pound the pieces together ?	man
26958	The man is now holding a tile with ridges on all four sides and he takes a mallet and a tool to gently pound the pieces together .	what is the man now holding with ridges on all four sides and he takes a mallet and a tool to gently pound the pieces together ?	tile
26959	When the man reaches the wall he uses a pencil to measure the tile , takes it to a wet tile cutter and cuts it .	what does he use ?	pencil
26960	The talking man from earlier appears back in the corner talking and yellow words appear on the screen that contain websites .	what is the color of the words ?	yellow
26961	A group of children of varying ages slide down a blue slide in a theme park .	what is the color of the slide ?	blue
26963	The children then slide down the slide , with one girl 's headband coming down over her eyes .	who then slide down the slide , with one girl 's headband coming down over her eyes ?	children
26964	The children land and get up and run off .	who land and get up and run off ?	children
26965	Several tables are set up in a large room .	where are several tables set up . ?	room
26966	Several groups are playing beer pong .	what are several groups playing ?	pong
26970	The lady takes her turn shooting the ball .	who takes her turn shooting the ball ?	lady
26971	We see bright camera flashes .	what do we see ?	flashes
26973	The lady hands her pool stick to a man and shakes his hand .	who hands her pool stick to a man and shakes his hand ?	lady
26973	The lady hands her pool stick to a man and shakes his hand .	what does the lady hand to a man ?	stick
26974	She shakes another man 's hand and leaves .	who does she shake hand ?	man
26975	A woman gets her nose clamped by a man sitting behind her head .	who gets her nose clamped by a man sitting behind her head ?	woman
26977	He cuts it and removes the clamp .	what does he remove ?	clamp
26978	The man puts an earring through the hole .	who puts an earring through the hole ?	man
26978	The man puts an earring through the hole .	what does the man put through the hole ?	earring
26980	A woman is sitting on a chair .	who is sitting on the chair ?	woman
26982	The girl shows the piercing and smiles .	who shows the piercing and smiles ?	girl
26983	Two people are seen wearing funny hates and standing behind a table speaking to the camera .	how many people are seen wearing funny hates and standing behind a table speaking to the camera ?	two
26987	The driver hands people water on the side as well as pulling them in to fix a bike .	who hands people water on the side as well as pulling them in to fix a bike ?	driver
26988	The car continues to follow and help the man as well as stopping to change a wheel and climbing back in the car .	what continues to follow and help the man as well as stopping to change a wheel and climbing back in the car ?	car
26988	The car continues to follow and help the man as well as stopping to change a wheel and climbing back in the car .	where does the car continue to follow and help the man as well as stopping to change a wheel and climbing . ?	car
26989	A man in a gorilla suit is playing a saxophone in the middle of a store .	what is the man in a gorilla suit playing in the middle of a store ?	saxophone
26990	The employees look on and laugh at the person playing and use their phones to take pictures .	who look on and laugh at the person playing and use their phones to take pictures ?	employees
26990	The employees look on and laugh at the person playing and use their phones to take pictures .	what do the employees use ?	phones
26991	The gorillas reaches out to grab one of the employees hands and the man is very embarrassed by it .	what reaches out to grab one of the employees hands and the man is very embarrassed by it ?	gorillas
26991	The gorillas reaches out to grab one of the employees hands and the man is very embarrassed by it .	who does the gorillas reach out and is very embarrassed by it ?	man
26992	They talk to each other a bit and the other employees begin to clap excitedly .	who do they talk to each other a bit and begin to clap excitedly ?	employees
26993	The Gorilla suit man plays the sax some more as everyone is still laughing .	who plays the sax some more as everyone is still laughing ?	man
26995	A man is seen holding up a piece of wood and rubbing it down while speaking to the camera and spraying down polish .	who is seen holding up the piece of wood and rubbing it down while speaking to the camera and spraying down polish ?	man
26996	The man wipes down the polish with a rag while continuing to speak to the camera and holding up the piece of wood in the end .	who wipes down the polish with a rag while continuing to speak to the camera and holding up the piece of wood in the end ?	man
26997	The dry brown and yellow leaves are on the ground , on top of green grass .	what is the color of the grass ?	green
26999	The man blew the leaves from the side of the road towards the tree , while another man with leaf blower walks on other side of the walkway .	who blew the leaves from the side of the road towards the tree , while another man with leaf blower walks on other side of the walkway ?	man
26999	The man blew the leaves from the side of the road towards the tree , while another man with leaf blower walks on other side of the walkway .	what did the man blow from the side of the road towards the tree , ?	leaves
27000	A man is shown working on a fence in the backyard .	who is shown working on the fence in the backyard ?	man
27001	The man wears a blue outfit as he paints the wooden fence a red color .	who wears the blue outfit as he paints the wooden fence a red color ?	man
27001	The man wears a blue outfit as he paints the wooden fence a red color .	what is the color of the outfit ?	blue
27001	The man wears a blue outfit as he paints the wooden fence a red color .	what is the color of the color ?	red
27002	The man cleans the paint off of boards .	who cleans the paint off of boards ?	man
27002	The man cleans the paint off of boards .	what does the man clean off of boards ?	paint
27003	A man is seen speaking to the camera while putting a box around some paper .	who is seen speaking to the camera while putting a box around some paper ?	man
27004	He wraps the box in paper while using scissors to cut around the sides .	what does he wrap in paper ?	box
27005	The man tapes up the box and presents it to the camera .	who tapes up the box and presents it to the camera ?	man
27005	The man tapes up the box and presents it to the camera .	what did the man tap up ?	box
27007	The girls lifts , then lowers her arms .	who lifts , then lowers her arms ?	girls
27012	She dismounts and hugs her coach .	who does she dismount and hugs ?	coach
27013	We see her final score on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
27014	A girl is seen jumping items into water and scrubbing a pan with a brush .	who is seen jumping items into water and scrubbing a pan with a brush ?	girl
27016	A camera pans all around a forest and leads into a rope tied to a tree .	what pans all around a forest and leads into a rope tied to a tree ?	camera
27020	The girl does a flip .	who does the flip ?	girl
27021	the girls spins repeatedly and catches her baton .	who spins repeatedly and catches her baton ?	girls
27021	the girls spins repeatedly and catches her baton .	what does the girls catch ?	baton
27022	The girl spins and two batons roll in and she grabs each .	who spins and two batons roll in and she grabs each ?	girl
27022	The girl spins and two batons roll in and she grabs each .	how many batons roll in and she grabs each ?	two
27023	The girl spins , catches her baton and poses for her finish as the crowd claps .	who spins , catches her baton and poses for her finish as the crowd claps ?	girl
27023	The girl spins , catches her baton and poses for her finish as the crowd claps .	what does the girl catch ?	baton
27024	A person is raking leaves into a pile .	what is the person raking into a pile ?	leaves
27025	A little boy is picking up the leaves and playing in the pile .	who is picking up the leaves and playing in the pile ?	boy
27025	A little boy is picking up the leaves and playing in the pile .	what is the little boy picking up and playing in the pile ?	leaves
27026	The boy picks up a rake and starts raking the leaves .	who picks up the rake and starts raking the leaves ?	boy
27026	The boy picks up a rake and starts raking the leaves .	who does the boy pick up ?	rake
27027	There 's a young girl wearing a brown sweater playing the violin .	who does there 's wearing a brown sweater playing the violin ?	girl
27027	There 's a young girl wearing a brown sweater playing the violin .	there 's a young girl wearing what ?	sweater
27027	There 's a young girl wearing a brown sweater playing the violin .	what is the color of the sweater ?	brown
27028	She strings the violin with her left hand while she uses the bow stick with her right hand .	what did she string with her left hand ?	violin
27033	Each paw is grabbed and the nail is pushed out and trimmed .	what is grabbed and the nail is pushed out and trimmed ?	paw
27034	The cat is oddly calm the whole time .	what is oddly calm the whole time ?	cat
27035	A young girl is outside at the park talking to what appears to be her older brother .	who is outside at the park talking to what appears to be her older brother ?	girl
27038	The boy starts the game off and the girl begins her turn moving forward and backwards down the game .	who starts the game off and the girl begins her turn moving forward and backwards down the game ?	boy
27038	The boy starts the game off and the girl begins her turn moving forward and backwards down the game .	who does the boy start the game off and begins her turn moving forward and backwards down the game ?	girl
27039	To show her up , the boy begins to dance across the pavement and the girl returns it by flipping down the game .	who does , begin to dance across the pavement and the girl returns it by flipping down the game ?	boy
27039	To show her up , the boy begins to dance across the pavement and the girl returns it by flipping down the game .	who does , the boy begin and returns it by flipping down the game ?	girl
27040	Now its the boy 's turn and he tries to flip but ends up falling and the girl starts to laugh at him .	now its the boy 's turn and he tries but ends up and who starts to laugh at him ?	girl
27042	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27044	The right man gets up and walks to a piano .	who gets up and walks to the piano ?	man
27045	The man plays a grand piano .	who plays the grand piano ?	man
27045	The man plays a grand piano .	what does the man play ?	piano
27046	The man finishes and stands up .	who finishes and stands up ?	man
27049	An athlete is seen waving his hands to the crowd and clapping followed by him running over a beam .	who is seen waving his hands to the crowd and clapping followed by him running over a beam ?	athlete
27051	A group of young men are in a kitchen , playing a game of beer pong .	where are the group of young men , playing a game of beer pong . ?	kitchen
27053	A woman appears , and picks up one of the cups .	who appears , and picks up one of the cups ?	woman
27054	A woman is seen pushing a lawn mower across some grass while speaking to the camera .	who is seen pushing the lawn mower across some grass while speaking to the camera ?	woman
27055	The camera zooms in on plants in the yard and continues to follow the woman around as she cuts the grass .	what zooms in on plants in the yard and continues to follow the woman around as she cuts the grass ?	camera
27056	The camera wanders through a bunch of plants and trees in the end .	what wanders through the bunch of plants and trees in the end ?	camera
27057	A camera pans around a yard leading to a rake sitting up against a trash can .	what pans around the yard leading to a rake sitting up against a trash can ?	camera
27058	A man is seen stretching off into the distance and begins raking the leaves .	who is seen stretching off into the distance and begins raking the leaves ?	man
27059	He picks the leaves up and throws them in the trash as well as onto a blanket and handing it to a girl .	what does he pick up and handing it to a girl ?	leaves
27061	A light colored sedan passes on the road .	what passes on the road ?	sedan
27063	woman is walking in a green grassy backyard .	who is walking in the green grassy backyard ?	woman
27063	woman is walking in a green grassy backyard .	what is the color of the backyard ?	green
27063	woman is walking in a green grassy backyard .	where is woman walking . ?	backyard
27064	man is standing in a bacyard in front of a fence with a machine in front of him .	who is standing in the bacyard in front of a fence with a machine in front of him ?	man
27065	woman is in the backyard and a man is behind her using a lawn mower to cut the grass .	who is in the backyard and a man is behind her using a lawn mower to cut the grass ?	woman
27065	woman is in the backyard and a man is behind her using a lawn mower to cut the grass .	who is woman in the backyard and is behind her using a lawn mower to cut the grass ?	man
27065	woman is in the backyard and a man is behind her using a lawn mower to cut the grass .	where is woman and a man is behind her using a lawn mower to cut the grass . ?	backyard
27066	man is walking with some white plastic bags on the cloth .	who is walking with some white plastic bags on the cloth ?	man
27066	man is walking with some white plastic bags on the cloth .	what is the color of the bags ?	white
27068	Young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge .	what do young men unpack ?	car
27068	Young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge .	young men carry what in the jungle and pass a rope bridge ?	boats
27068	Young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge .	young men carry raft boats in the jungle and pass what ?	bridge
27072	The glasses are laid out on a table and several shots are shown of people playing beer pong .	what are laid out on the table and several shots are shown of people playing beer pong ?	glasses
27076	A silver truck is parked next to the hill .	what is parked next to the hill ?	truck
27082	We see gear in the grass and a man speaking to the camera .	what do we see in the grass and a man speaking to the camera ?	gear
27085	A man in interviewed and we see the men play lacrosse .	who in interviewed and we see the men play lacrosse ?	man
27087	A male gymnast dressed red and white leotards is performing on a horse bar .	who dressed red and white leotards is performing on a horse bar ?	gymnast
27088	He climbs up the horse bar and does backhand springs .	what does he climb up ?	bar
27091	After he 's done , he gets off the bar and walks towards the judges and other contestants .	what does , he get off ?	bar
27093	A man is standing in a room melting down an object with a utensil that is creating several sparks .	who is standing in the room melting down an object with a utensil that is creating several sparks ?	man
27095	Three kids swinging on the play set in the back yard .	who are swinging on the play set in the back yard ?	kids
27095	Three kids swinging on the play set in the back yard .	how many kids is swinging on the play set in the back yard ?	three
27097	More kids join and and they go down the slide together and move around the set very quickly .	who join and and they go down the slide together and move around the set very quickly ?	kids
27100	A man is then shown outside on his patio rowing and words indicate that it has been two hours and 1600 calories burned .	who is then shown outside on his patio rowing and words indicate that it has been two hours and 1600 calories burned ?	man
27102	Now the man is standing up and is taking to the camera and holds up his hand to show the blisters he has on his hands .	now who is standing up and is taking to the camera and holds up his hand to show the blisters he has on his hands ?	man
27103	A man is in a worship , talking in front of a piece of wood .	who is in the worship , talking in front of a piece of wood ?	man
27106	Then he jumps down , falling from a very high height , another man follows after him , and then the camera man himself takes the leap recording the entire fall .	who does then he jump down , , another man follows after him , and then himself takes the leap recording the entire fall ?	man
27108	A small boy wearing a black and red striped shirt is sitting with a drum set and playing drums .	who is wearing a black and red striped shirt is sitting with a drum set and playing drums ?	boy
27108	A small boy wearing a black and red striped shirt is sitting with a drum set and playing drums .	the small boy wearing what is sitting with a drum set and playing drums ?	shirt
27108	A small boy wearing a black and red striped shirt is sitting with a drum set and playing drums .	what is the small boy wearing a black and red striped shirt is sitting with a drum set and playing ?	drums
27109	A man wearing a pink shirt and black trousers is standing next to him .	who is wearing a pink shirt and black trousers is standing next to him ?	man
27109	A man wearing a pink shirt and black trousers is standing next to him .	what is the color of the trousers ?	black
27110	Another person wearing a denim shirt walks past the boy .	another person wearing what walks past the boy ?	shirt
27111	the boy continues to drum the cymbals and the hi-hat in a rhythmic way as the people cheer for him .	who continues to drum the cymbals and the hi-hat in a rhythmic way as the people cheer for him ?	boy
27114	Gymnasts swing on double bars during Olympic competition .	who swing on double bars during olympic competition ?	gymnasts
27116	Several adults are a doing a stepping exercise onto platforms .	who are a doing a stepping exercise onto platforms ?	adults
27118	They do a cart wheel off the platform .	what do they do off the platform ?	wheel
27120	A young teen age girl is sitting in a large chair talking on the phone and making faces .	who is sitting in the large chair talking on the phone and making faces ?	girl
27120	A young teen age girl is sitting in a large chair talking on the phone and making faces .	where is the young teen age girl sitting talking on the phone and making faces . ?	chair
27121	Two other females then begin dancing out front in the yard on a sidewalk .	how many other females then begin dancing out front in the yard on a sidewalk ?	two
27122	The girl then grabs her sweat pants and begins teaching her counterpart different dance steps and the first female reappears on the phone .	who then grabs her sweat pants and begins teaching her counterpart different dance steps and the first female reappears on the phone ?	girl
27122	The girl then grabs her sweat pants and begins teaching her counterpart different dance steps and the first female reappears on the phone .	what does the girl then grab ?	pants
27123	A person is showing how to install rubber tiles in a gym .	where is the person showing how to install rubber tiles . ?	gym
27131	A boy puts freshly baked cookies on a cooling rack .	who puts freshly baked cookies on a cooling rack ?	boy
27132	One gets stuck and he licks the spatula .	what does one get stuck and he licks ?	spatula
27134	She scrubs the dog with shampoo and runs again runs the water over the dog .	what does she scrub with shampoo ?	dog
27136	The dog is shown again all dried off and shakes himself while looking at the camera and the girl speaks more .	what is shown again all dried off and shakes himself while looking at the camera and the girl speaks more ?	dog
27137	A man in a black shirt setting up a camera while sitting in front of a rub-ix cube and a electronic stop clock .	what is the man in a black shirt setting up while sitting in front of a rub-ix cube and a electronic stop clock ?	camera
27137	A man in a black shirt setting up a camera while sitting in front of a rub-ix cube and a electronic stop clock .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
27139	Once the clock reaches 43 seconds both the men finish the puzzle and congratulate each other on completing the puzzle .	how many seconds does once the clock reach both the men finish the puzzle and congratulate each other on completing the puzzle ?	43
27140	We see a man talking in a basketball gym .	who do we see talking in a basketball gym ?	man
27141	The man points at the boy .	who points at the boy ?	man
27142	The man points to the right .	who points to the right ?	man
27143	We see a man making shots in a basketball hoop .	who do we see making shots in a basketball hoop ?	man
27144	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her pouring ice into a glass .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her pouring ice into a glass ?	woman
27145	She then mixes various ingredients into the glass and mixes them up in a shaker .	what does she then mix into the glass ?	ingredients
27146	The woman then puts the glass down and pours the mixture into glass presenting it to the camera .	who then puts the glass down and pours the mixture into glass presenting it to the camera ?	woman
27147	A wooden outdoors stair case is shown outside of a white and brown horse .	what is shown outside of the white and brown horse ?	case
27148	All of a sudden , a black dog comes around the corner and trots up the stairs and multiple replays are shown .	what does all of a sudden , a black dog trot up and multiple replays are shown ?	stairs
27148	All of a sudden , a black dog comes around the corner and trots up the stairs and multiple replays are shown .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
27151	A man speaks to the camera while people walk around with the canoes and show off pictures .	who speaks to the camera while people walk around with the canoes and show off pictures ?	man
27155	A woman 's hand picks up a stuffed animal surrounded by gifts .	who hand picks up a stuffed animal surrounded by gifts ?	woman
27157	A woman lays out tissue paper and places a stuffed toy in the center .	who lays out tissue paper and places a stuffed toy in the center ?	woman
27157	A woman lays out tissue paper and places a stuffed toy in the center .	what does the woman place in the center ?	toy
27158	The woman wraps the toy in the tissue paper and tapes it shut .	who wraps the toy in the tissue paper and tapes it shut ?	woman
27159	The woman lays out cellophane and places the wrapped toy on it .	who lays out cellophane and places the wrapped toy on it ?	woman
27159	The woman lays out cellophane and places the wrapped toy on it .	what does the woman lay out ?	cellophane
27159	The woman lays out cellophane and places the wrapped toy on it .	what does the woman place on it ?	toy
27160	The woman cuts the cellophane and then proceeds to roll up the tissue paper covered toy .	who cuts the cellophane and then proceeds to roll up the tissue paper covered toy ?	woman
27160	The woman cuts the cellophane and then proceeds to roll up the tissue paper covered toy .	what does the woman cut ?	cellophane
27161	The woman twists the ends of the cellophane and tapes the package shut .	who twists the ends of the cellophane and tapes the package shut ?	woman
27163	The woman shows the package to the camera and sets it on a counter .	who shows the package to the camera and sets it on a counter ?	woman
27164	A little boy is playing an arcade game .	who is playing an arcade game ?	boy
27165	He picks up a ball and throws it at the pins .	what does he pick up ?	ball
27168	A woman slide down the slope and the little girl came up to her and give her a kiss , then the woman help the little girl slide down the slope .	what down the slope and the little girl came up to her and give her a kiss , then the woman help the little girl slide down the slope ?	slide
27168	A woman slide down the slope and the little girl came up to her and give her a kiss , then the woman help the little girl slide down the slope .	the woman slide down the slope and the little girl came up to her and give her a kiss , then who help the little girl slide down the slope ?	woman
27168	A woman slide down the slope and the little girl came up to her and give her a kiss , then the woman help the little girl slide down the slope .	the woman slide down the slope and the little girl came up to her and give her a kiss , then the woman help what down the slope ?	slide
27169	A man is outside in the snow holding a rope that is attached to a snow mobile .	who is outside in the snow holding a rope that is attached to a snow mobile ?	man
27169	A man is outside in the snow holding a rope that is attached to a snow mobile .	what is the man outside in the snow holding ?	rope
27170	The snow mobile starts to move and the person begins snowboarding throughout the field .	what starts to move and the person begins snowboarding throughout the field ?	mobile
27172	A young girl is seen standing ready looking down at a violin .	who is seen standing ready looking down at the violin ?	girl
27173	The girl is then seen playing the violin while moving her hands up and down .	who is then seen playing the violin while moving her hands up and down ?	girl
27174	The girl continues playing the instrument and ends by looking to the camera .	who continues playing the instrument and ends by looking to the camera ?	girl
27175	A man is rubbing sunscreen on his back .	who is rubbing sunscreen on his back ?	man
27175	A man is rubbing sunscreen on his back .	what is the man rubbing on his back ?	sunscreen
27176	A girl is laying down on a towel on the beach behind him .	who is laying down on the towel on the beach behind him ?	girl
27177	A person in an orange shirt walks behind him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
27180	The man continues to ride as the camera zooms in on the water .	who continues to ride as the camera zooms in on the water ?	man
27181	A man is seen holding an instrument in front of a large stack of instruments and speaking to the camera .	who is seen holding an instrument in front of a large stack of instruments and speaking to the camera ?	man
27182	The man then plays the instrument continuously and ends with him pausing and holding the instrument .	who then plays the instrument continuously and ends with him pausing and holding the instrument ?	man
27182	The man then plays the instrument continuously and ends with him pausing and holding the instrument .	what does the man then play continuously ?	instrument
27183	Two men start fighting standing outside .	how many men start fighting standing outside ?	two
27184	One man throws the other man onto a table .	who throws the other man onto a table ?	man
27184	One man throws the other man onto a table .	who does one man throw onto a table ?	man
27184	One man throws the other man onto a table .	how many man throws the other man onto a table ?	one
27185	A camera zooms in on a baby wearing a baseball hat riding back and fourth on a swing set .	what zooms in on the baby wearing a baseball hat riding back and fourth on a swing set ?	camera
27186	The baby continuously rides back and fourth while another child rides a swing next to him .	who continuously rides back and fourth while another child rides a swing next to him ?	baby
27187	A group of girls are sitting in an old car while a large group of cars behind them move around .	where are the group of girls sitting while a large group of cars behind them move around . ?	car
27191	A baby watches the man and the toddler painting .	who watches the man and the toddler painting ?	baby
27193	The cheerleaders then begin performing a routine while throwing others up and flipping around .	who then begin performing the routine while throwing others up and flipping around ?	cheerleaders
27195	A guy sits with his legs close to his chest .	who sits with his legs close to his chest ?	guy
27196	The guy is exercising by pulling a handle .	who is exercising by pulling the handle ?	guy
27197	The guy stops exercising fixes his reading glasses and touches his beard .	who stops exercising fixes his reading glasses and touches his beard ?	guy
27198	The guy removes his legs from the exercise machine and touches the knob .	who removes his legs from the exercise machine and touches the knob ?	guy
27199	We see a girl jumping on a trampoline in doors .	who do we see jumping on a trampoline in doors ?	girl
27201	The girl does a series of flips .	who does the series of flips ?	girl
27202	The girl flips into blue boxes .	who flips into blue boxes ?	girl
27202	The girl flips into blue boxes .	what is the color of the boxes ?	blue
27203	The girl does a series of flips and a spin .	who does the series of flips and a spin ?	girl
27204	We see a title screen and then see the girls bloopers .	what do we see ?	screen
27204	We see a title screen and then see the girls bloopers .	we then see who ?	bloopers
27205	We see the ending screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27207	The man is moving forwards towards the island .	who is moving forwards towards the island ?	man
27209	A woman smiling at the camera is shown scraping off her car with a scraper .	who is smiling at the camera is shown scraping off her car with a scraper ?	woman
27211	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a piece of exercise equipment with her arms .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a piece of exercise equipment with her arms ?	woman
27214	The pictures transition into more ingredients with hands covering them up and squeezing them into a ball .	what transition into more ingredients with hands covering them up and squeezing them into a ball ?	pictures
27217	We see a opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27218	We see people rafting down a river in a yellow raft .	what is the color of the raft ?	yellow
27218	We see people rafting down a river in a yellow raft .	where do we see people rafting down a river . ?	raft
27219	The raft is overturned and the people fall into the river .	what is overturned and the people fall into the river ?	raft
27222	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27225	The guy from the yellow team has the ball on the stick , he 's running quickly with it and he scores .	what is the color of the team ?	yellow
27227	A man wearing a black coat is standing on the sidewalk .	who is wearing a black coat is standing on the sidewalk ?	man
27227	A man wearing a black coat is standing on the sidewalk .	the man wearing what is standing on the sidewalk ?	coat
27227	A man wearing a black coat is standing on the sidewalk .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
27231	A man in a suit plays the saxophone up front wearing sunglasses .	what does the man in a suit play up front wearing sunglasses ?	saxophone
27231	A man in a suit plays the saxophone up front wearing sunglasses .	the man in a suit plays the saxophone up front wearing what ?	sunglasses
27233	The man picks up the girl and picks up a surf board .	who picks up the girl and picks up a surf board ?	man
27233	The man picks up the girl and picks up a surf board .	who does the man pick up ?	girl
27235	A man holds the back paws of a cat and clips its nails sitting on the floor .	who holds the back paws of a cat and clips its nails sitting on the floor ?	man
27236	The man finishes one paw then wrestles with the cat .	who finishes one paw then wrestles with the cat ?	man
27236	The man finishes one paw then wrestles with the cat .	how many paw does the man finish then wrestles with the cat ?	one
27237	The man pets that cats stomach .	who pets that cats stomach ?	man
27238	The man examines the cats after the job is done .	who examines the cats after the job is done ?	man
27238	The man examines the cats after the job is done .	what does the man examine ?	cats
27239	A girl stands in a yard holding a rake .	who stands in the yard holding a rake ?	girl
27240	The girl rakes the leaves in a pile .	who rakes the leaves in a pile ?	girl
27241	the girl walks to a trampoline and gets a different rake and rakes the leaves in a circle .	who walks to the trampoline and gets a different rake and rakes the leaves in a circle ?	girl
27241	the girl walks to a trampoline and gets a different rake and rakes the leaves in a circle .	the girl walks to a trampoline and gets who ?	rake
27241	the girl walks to a trampoline and gets a different rake and rakes the leaves in a circle .	what does the girl rake in a circle ?	leaves
27242	the girl put the rake back on the trampoline and talks to the camera .	who put the rake back on the trampoline and talks to the camera ?	girl
27242	the girl put the rake back on the trampoline and talks to the camera .	who did the girl put back on the trampoline and talks to the camera ?	rake
27243	the girl jumps in , rolls around and throws the leaves around before standing and talking to the camera .	who jumps in , rolls around and throws the leaves around before standing and talking to the camera ?	girl
27243	the girl jumps in , rolls around and throws the leaves around before standing and talking to the camera .	what does the girl throw around before standing and talking to the camera ?	leaves
27246	Then , a person adds sugar , and lemon to pot with water to warm .	what does then , the person add ?	sugar
27247	Then , the person adds the lemonade to a jar and serves in a cup .	what does then , the person add to a jar ?	lemonade
27247	Then , the person adds the lemonade to a jar and serves in a cup .	where does then , the person serve . ?	cup
27248	A man is in a garage with newspaper on a table .	who is in the garage with newspaper on a table ?	man
27252	A man talks to the camera while riding the horse and giving various shots of the land .	who talks to the camera while riding the horse and giving various shots of the land ?	man
27254	A person opens a door and walks inside a kitchen .	what does the person open ?	door
27255	A woman sits on a kitchen counter shaving her legs in a sink .	who sits on the kitchen counter shaving her legs in a sink ?	woman
27257	The women then begin moving back and fourth and up and down on the equipment while the woman in front speaks out loud .	who then begin moving back and fourth and up and down on the equipment while the woman in front speaks out loud ?	women
27258	A man demonstrates how to make an egg salad sandwich .	who demonstrates how to make an egg salad sandwich ?	man
27259	A man starts talking to the camera in close up angle and then takes a bite of a sandwich .	who starts talking to the camera in close up angle and then takes a bite of a sandwich ?	man
27261	An eggs is boiled in a pan , and then the eggs are run under cold water .	what is boiled in the pan , and then the eggs are run under cold water ?	eggs
27261	An eggs is boiled in a pan , and then the eggs are run under cold water .	what is an eggs boiled in a pan , and then are run under cold water ?	eggs
27261	An eggs is boiled in a pan , and then the eggs are run under cold water .	where is an eggs boiled , and then the eggs are run under cold water . ?	pan
27263	Adults are playing a game of volley ball on a court .	who are playing the game of volley ball on a court ?	adults
27268	A group of friends ride inter tubes through small rapids in a tropical jungle .	what do the group of friends ride through small rapids in a tropical jungle ?	tubes
27269	The group goes past large boulders popping up out of the water .	what does the group go popping up out of the water ?	boulders
27270	A boy is standing in the tall grass of a field .	who is standing in the tall grass of a field ?	boy
27276	Three girls are talking to a camera .	who are talking to the camera ?	girls
27276	Three girls are talking to a camera .	how many girls are talking to the camera ?	three
27277	The horses are walking across a dirt road .	what are walking across the dirt road ?	horses
27278	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a dog in a plane .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a dog in a plane ?	man
27279	Several clips are shown of the man in a plane with the dog as well as underwater .	what are shown of the man in a plane with the dog as well as underwater ?	clips
27280	The man performs several activities with his dog in hand while a woman speaks to the camera .	who performs several activities with his dog in hand while a woman speaks to the camera ?	man
27281	A ball is shown swinging around followed by shots of scenery and people getting ready .	what is shown swinging around followed by shots of scenery and people getting ready ?	ball
27282	A man records an athlete holding the ball and sitting on a bench .	who records an athlete holding the ball and sitting on a bench ?	man
27282	A man records an athlete holding the ball and sitting on a bench .	who does the man record holding the ball and sitting on a bench ?	athlete
27282	A man records an athlete holding the ball and sitting on a bench .	the man records an athlete holding what and sitting on a bench ?	ball
27284	Eventually several different women are shown performing the task while also warming up their throws .	who are eventually shown performing the task while also warming up their throws ?	women
27288	An elderly woman is seated in a chair .	who is seated in the chair ?	woman
27288	An elderly woman is seated in a chair .	where is an elderly woman seated . ?	chair
27289	She is knitting with red yarn .	what is the color of the yarn ?	red
27293	A woman is hosting a news segment that leads into clips of people working on the streets and protesting .	who is hosting the news segment that leads into clips of people working on the streets and protesting ?	woman
27293	A woman is hosting a news segment that leads into clips of people working on the streets and protesting .	what is the woman hosting ?	segment
27294	Several women are interviewed by the camera and shows more clips of people working and protesting .	who are interviewed by the camera and shows more clips of people working and protesting ?	women
27295	We see a man shooting pool on a blue table .	what is the color of the table ?	blue
27296	The man finishes and smiles as his friend claps his hands .	who finishes and smiles as his friend claps his hands ?	man
27297	We see the closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
27298	A senior picture of a female is shown and then a screen flashes indicating that her highlights are about to be shown .	what is the senior picture of a female shown and then flashes indicating that her highlights are about to be shown ?	screen
27300	man is standing in a room with dart game haging on the wall .	who is standing in the room with dart game haging on the wall ?	man
27301	he took one of the dart from the board and keeps talking , approaches to the camera and shows the sharp dart .	what does he show ?	dart
27302	he throw the dart to the board and lean on the wall .	what do he throw to the board ?	dart
27303	man open his arms and swings side to side , kneel on the floor .	who open his arms and swings side to side , kneel on the floor ?	man
27305	A man stands , screaming loudly as he lifts a barbell .	who stands , screaming loudly as he lifts a barbell ?	man
27307	Another man is shown lifting a weight as a crowd watches .	who is shown lifting the weight as a crowd watches ?	man
27308	Several weight lifters continue lifting barbells .	who continue lifting barbells ?	lifters
27309	A man is shown lying down as he is injured .	who is shown lying down as he is injured ?	man
27314	Two men hit their knuckles together before the race begins .	what did two men hit together ?	knuckles
27314	Two men hit their knuckles together before the race begins .	how many men hit their knuckles together before the race begins ?	two
27316	A man is seen doing karate in front of another with a knife and leads into a shot of a man bowling and text across his face .	who is seen doing karate in front of another with a knife and leads into a shot of a man bowling and text across his face ?	man
27317	The man celebrates as people watch and clipart is shown as well as more shots of the man celebrating and bowling .	who celebrates as people watch and clipart is shown as well as more shots of the man celebrating and bowling ?	man
27318	The man holds a trophy in the end and screams to the camera and the audience .	who holds the trophy in the end and screams to the camera and the audience ?	man
27319	The camera then zooms in on a photo on a poster .	what then zooms in on the photo on a poster ?	camera
27320	A woman is seen kneeling down before a large weight and speaking to the camera continuously .	who is seen kneeling down before the large weight and speaking to the camera continuously ?	woman
27322	The woman says a few words in the beginning while the dancer stands silently .	who says the few words in the beginning while the dancer stands silently ?	woman
27323	First the dancer makes sure her legs are positioned correctly .	who does first make sure her legs are positioned correctly ?	dancer
27324	Then the ballet dancer brings one foot into a coupe .	who does then bring one foot into a coupe ?	dancer
27324	Then the ballet dancer brings one foot into a coupe .	how many foot does then the ballet dancer bring into a coupe ?	one
27325	Next she straightens both legs and puts one leg in the front and brings it back down .	next she puts how many leg in the front and brings it back down ?	one
27326	She then repeats those 3 steps over again .	what does she then repeat over again ?	steps
27326	She then repeats those 3 steps over again .	how many steps does she then repeat over again ?	three
27327	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27328	We see 5 men walking down the street sides by side .	how many men do we see walking down the street sides by side ?	five
27329	A man looks at the men .	who looks at the men ?	man
27330	A lady looks at the men .	who looks at the men ?	lady
27331	Two men turn and look at each other .	how many men turn and look at each other ?	two
27332	One man buys drinks as everyone stares at them .	who buys drinks as everyone stares at them ?	man
27332	One man buys drinks as everyone stares at them .	what does one man buy as everyone stares at them ?	drinks
27332	One man buys drinks as everyone stares at them .	how many man buys drinks as everyone stares at them ?	one
27333	The five men drink their beers in one gulp .	what do the five men drink in one gulp ?	beers
27333	The five men drink their beers in one gulp .	how many men drink their beers in one gulp ?	five
27334	The men leave the bar drunk .	what do the men leave drunk ?	bar
27335	We see a gray closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
27335	We see a gray closing screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	gray
27336	woman wearing black clothes is laying down in the floor doing abs .	who is wearing black clothes is laying down in the floor doing abs ?	woman
27336	woman wearing black clothes is laying down in the floor doing abs .	woman wearing what is laying down in the floor doing abs ?	clothes
27336	woman wearing black clothes is laying down in the floor doing abs .	what is the color of the clothes ?	black
27336	woman wearing black clothes is laying down in the floor doing abs .	where is woman wearing black clothes is laying down doing abs . ?	floor
27338	woman is doing exercise in a roofed gym .	who is doing exercise in a roofed gym ?	woman
27338	woman is doing exercise in a roofed gym .	where is woman doing exercise . ?	gym
27339	A man is seen performing a dance routine on a stage while an orchestra plays behind him .	who is seen performing the dance routine on a stage while an orchestra plays behind him ?	man
27340	A woman then steps in and dances with the man while spinning his hat around and twirling on the stage .	who then steps in and dances with the man while spinning his hat around and twirling on the stage ?	woman
27342	A man is talking in next to several exercise bikes .	who is talking in next to several exercise bikes ?	man
27345	A group of people play polo on horses on a grass covered , fenced in field surrounded by onlookers and spectators .	who do the group of people play on horses on a grass covered , fenced in field surrounded by onlookers and spectators ?	polo
27349	A young child is seen walking to the end of a diving board and looking off into the camera .	who is seen walking to the end of a diving board and looking off into the camera ?	child
27350	The boy then dives into the water and the camera captures him moving from underwater .	who then dives into the water and the camera captures him moving from underwater ?	boy
27350	The boy then dives into the water and the camera captures him moving from underwater .	what does the boy then dive into the water and captures him moving from underwater ?	camera
27351	A gymnast mounts a high beam in a gym .	who mounts the high beam in a gym ?	gymnast
27351	A gymnast mounts a high beam in a gym .	where does the gymnast mount a high beam . ?	gym
27354	A large orange machine is shown moving down a road with a claw like arm and razor cutting down the grass .	what is shown moving down the road with a claw like arm and razor cutting down the grass ?	machine
27355	The cutting continues and the machine is being operated in different areas such as highways .	what does the cutting continue and is being operated in different areas such as highways ?	machine
27356	A girl is seen performing a belly dancing routine on a small stage .	who is seen performing the belly dancing routine on a small stage ?	girl
27358	Various clip are shown of ingredients being laid out in bowls followed by a person mixing them all together .	what are shown of ingredients being laid out in bowls followed by a person mixing them all together ?	clip
27360	She then pulls out the made cookies and gives the camera a thumbs up .	what does she then pull out ?	cookies
27361	People are driving bumper cars and crashing into each other .	what are people driving and crashing into each other ?	cars
27362	A green car crashes into a gold car .	what crashes into the gold car ?	car
27362	A green car crashes into a gold car .	what is the color of the car ?	green
27363	A blue car crashes into a gold car .	what crashes into the gold car ?	car
27363	A blue car crashes into a gold car .	what is the color of the car ?	blue
27364	A camera pans around a large warehouse and shows clips of materials being made and men working .	what pans around the large warehouse and shows clips of materials being made and men working ?	camera
27366	More products for homes are being pushed out and a machinery is shown carrying them away .	what are more products for homes being pushed out and is shown carrying them away ?	machinery
27368	The woman laughs with the baby and picks her up at the bottom .	who laughs with the baby and picks her up at the bottom ?	woman
27369	A woman is seen standing in a large circle and bending herself forward .	who is seen standing in the large circle and bending herself forward ?	woman
27370	The woman then spins herself around and throws an object off into the distance .	who then spins herself around and throws an object off into the distance ?	woman
27371	The woman does this several times afterwards .	who does this several times afterwards ?	woman
27372	A man stands in a doorway talking .	who stands in the doorway talking ?	man
27373	The man climbs a ladder and adds a piece of wallpaper to the wall .	who climbs the ladder and adds a piece of wallpaper to the wall ?	man
27373	The man climbs a ladder and adds a piece of wallpaper to the wall .	what does the man climb ?	ladder
27374	The man uses a tool before turning to speak then smooths it out .	who uses the tool before turning to speak then smooths it out ?	man
27376	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27377	A person walks up stairs into a room and sees beer poured from a keg and people talking .	what does the person walk up into a room ?	stairs
27377	A person walks up stairs into a room and sees beer poured from a keg and people talking .	what does the person see poured from a keg and people talking ?	beer
27378	People stand and play beer pong while others watch .	what do people stand and play ?	pong
27379	A man tries to blow a ball out of a cup .	who tries to blow the ball out of a cup ?	man
27380	A man hits the ball away from the cup .	who hits the ball away from the cup ?	man
27380	A man hits the ball away from the cup .	what does the man hit away from the cup ?	ball
27384	A man is seen standing around a neighborhood on a pair of stilts .	who is seen standing around the neighborhood on a pair of stilts ?	man
27385	The man walks up the street and turns towards the back .	who walks up the street and turns towards the back ?	man
27387	A man jumps of a diving board backwards into a swimming pool .	who jumps of the diving board backwards into a swimming pool ?	man
27389	The boy holds open his eyelids and places in a contact lens .	who holds open his eyelids and places in a contact lens ?	boy
27389	The boy holds open his eyelids and places in a contact lens .	where does the boy hold open his eyelids and places . ?	lens
27390	The man tilts back his head and closes his eyes to adjust the contact lens .	who tilts back his head and closes his eyes to adjust the contact lens ?	man
27391	The man rubs his eyes then opens them wide to show the contacts .	who rubs his eyes then opens them wide to show the contacts ?	man
27392	a man is standing in his back yard .	who is standing in his back yard ?	man
27394	He uses a sprayer to apply the red paint .	who does he use ?	sprayer
27394	He uses a sprayer to apply the red paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	red
27395	We see a man on a diving board high in the air .	who do we see on a diving board high in the air ?	man
27396	The man does a handstand and fall from the handstand into the water .	who does the handstand and fall from the handstand into the water ?	man
27397	The next man simply runs and dives while flipping into the water .	who simply runs and dives while flipping into the water ?	man
27398	The final man does a more traditional dive .	who does the more traditional dive ?	man
27398	The final man does a more traditional dive .	what does the final man do ?	dive
27400	The woman arrange a gift basket and shows a pile of nice gifts .	who arrange the gift basket and shows a pile of nice gifts ?	woman
27400	The woman arrange a gift basket and shows a pile of nice gifts .	what do the woman arrange ?	basket
27401	Then , the woman wraps gifts with different shapes and ornaments .	who does then , wrap gifts with different shapes and ornaments ?	woman
27401	Then , the woman wraps gifts with different shapes and ornaments .	what does then , the woman wrap with different shapes and ornaments ?	gifts
27402	A lady kneels in a canoe as she rows on a lake .	who kneels in the canoe as she rows on a lake ?	lady
27403	A lady attempts to stand on one foot in the boat and falls into the lake .	who attempts to stand on one foot in the boat and falls into the lake ?	lady
27405	The lady finishes and shows her muscle to the camera .	who finishes and shows her muscle to the camera ?	lady
27407	A young child wearing a helmet is climbing on monkey bars on a playground with a small boy underneath her .	who is wearing a helmet is climbing on monkey bars on a playground with a small boy underneath her ?	child
27407	A young child wearing a helmet is climbing on monkey bars on a playground with a small boy underneath her .	the young child wearing what is climbing on monkey bars on a playground with a small boy underneath her ?	helmet
27408	A person riding a bike goes around the young girl and she climbs until the last bar .	the person riding what goes around the young girl and she climbs until the last bar ?	bicycle
27409	A man in red short is pouring a bottle onto some wood .	what is the man in red short pouring onto some wood ?	bottle
27410	The man throws some paper on top of the wood .	who throws some paper on top of the wood ?	man
27411	The man throws matches at the pile of wood .	who throws matches at the pile of wood ?	man
27413	A camera pans around a large indoor pool and shows a man jumping off a diving board into the water .	what pans around the large indoor pool and shows a man jumping off a diving board into the water ?	camera
27413	A camera pans around a large indoor pool and shows a man jumping off a diving board into the water .	who does the camera show ?	man
27415	A man instructs them on how to properly land in the water followed by several people jumping one at a time into the pool , including the camera man .	who instructs them on how to properly land in the water followed by several people jumping one at a time into the pool , including the camera man ?	man
27416	Two sumos prepares to wrestle in a ring while a judge stands in middle of them .	how many sumos prepares to wrestle in the ring while a judge stands in middle of them ?	two
27419	The crow applaud , then men broom the ring .	what applaud , then men broom the ring ?	crow
27420	A man is seen speaking to the camera holding a hockey stick and leads into him instructing other players .	who is seen speaking to the camera holding a hockey stick and leads into him instructing other players ?	man
27421	The man continue playing around one another while the man yells to them and the others continue playing .	who continue playing around one another while the man yells to them and the others continue playing ?	man
27423	A woman uses the mallet to hit the ball , then others join in .	who uses the mallet to hit the ball , then others join in ?	woman
27423	A woman uses the mallet to hit the ball , then others join in .	what does the woman use , then others join in ?	mallet
27424	A man holding a mallet and ball talks about the process of how to play the game , playing and hitting the ball and he explains it .	who holding the mallet and ball talks about the process of how to play the game , playing and hitting the ball and he explains it ?	man
27424	A man holding a mallet and ball talks about the process of how to play the game , playing and hitting the ball and he explains it .	what is the man hitting and he explains it ?	ball
27430	Someone begins to cut various vegetable with a knife , this includes a green vegetable and onions .	what is the color of the vegetable ?	green
27431	Next an empty metallic pan is shown as someone pours oil and the vegetables into it .	what is next shown as someone pours oil and the vegetables into it ?	pan
27435	The pan is removed and the stirred ingredients are blended .	what is removed and the stirred ingredients are blended ?	pan
27435	The pan is removed and the stirred ingredients are blended .	what is the pan removed and are blended ?	ingredients
27436	The blended ingredients are put back onto the man and a red substance from a can is poured onto the pan and mixed in .	what are put back onto the man and a red substance from a can is poured onto the pan and mixed in ?	ingredients
27436	The blended ingredients are put back onto the man and a red substance from a can is poured onto the pan and mixed in .	what is the color of the substance ?	red
27437	The sauce is completed and poured onto the noodles .	what is completed and poured onto the noodles ?	sauce
27438	The video ends with with an orange background with information on where to watch more videos .	what is the color of the background ?	orange
27439	A teenager boy hits a Sponge Bob pinata covered his eyes with a cloth while woman takes pictures .	who hits the sponge bob pinata covered his eyes with a cloth while woman takes pictures ?	boy
27440	A boy hits the pinata until it falls while the boy cover his eyes with a blue cloth .	who hits the pinata until it falls while the boy cover his eyes with a blue cloth ?	boy
27440	A boy hits the pinata until it falls while the boy cover his eyes with a blue cloth .	what does the boy hit ?	pinata
27440	A boy hits the pinata until it falls while the boy cover his eyes with a blue cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	blue
27441	A man rubs his face with his hand and then he sticks his tong out .	who rubs his face with his hand and then he sticks his tong out ?	man
27442	Two people are outside in ball dancing in a plaza as a group of people surround them and watch .	how many people are outside in ball dancing in a plaza as a group of people surround them and watch ?	two
27442	Two people are outside in ball dancing in a plaza as a group of people surround them and watch .	where are two people outside dancing in a plaza as a group of people surround them and watch . ?	ball
27443	People come and go to watch the two people dance and then they finally stop dancing , bow and grabs a cloth to wash their face .	how many people dance do people go to watch ?	two
27444	A woman places vegetable leaves in a bow .	who places vegetable leaves in a bow ?	woman
27444	A woman places vegetable leaves in a bow .	where does the woman place vegetable leaves . ?	bow
27445	The camera pans right to show a man standing beside the woman .	what pans right to show the man standing beside the woman ?	camera
27446	The man slices a cucumber on a plate .	who slices the cucumber on a plate ?	man
27447	Two men are seen leading over the hood of the car while grabbing onto each other 's hands .	how many men are seen leading over the hood of the car while grabbing onto each other 's hands ?	two
27450	A guy gestures the peace sign .	who gestures the peace sign ?	guy
27451	A guy is snow board down a slope .	who is snow board down a slope ?	guy
27453	The man lets go of the bar and begins to slow towards a dock .	who lets go of the bar and begins to slow towards a dock ?	man
27457	The person then holds up the dogs face and begins trimming around it 's eyes .	what does the person then hold up ?	face
27459	The little girl is on top of the monkey bar .	who is on top of the monkey bar ?	girl
27460	A little kid in colorful shirt is crossing the monkey bar .	what is the little kid in colorful shirt crossing ?	bar
27461	The little girl fell from monkey bar and went back to the monkey bar .	who fell from monkey bar and went back to the monkey bar ?	girl
27462	A toddler paint her lips with a lipstick .	who paint her lips with a lipstick ?	toddler
27463	Then , the toddler applies make up to her eyelids on front a blue mirror .	who does then , apply make up to her eyelids on front a blue mirror ?	toddler
27463	Then , the toddler applies make up to her eyelids on front a blue mirror .	what is the color of the mirror ?	blue
27465	A kid is seen speaking to the camera and pans over to an older woman blowing leaves in yard .	who is seen speaking to the camera and pans over to an older woman blowing leaves in yard ?	kid
27466	The woman speaks to the boy and he walks over to her while she still blows leaves around .	who speaks to the boy and he walks over to her while she still blows leaves around ?	woman
27470	The player hits the ball into the goal .	what does the player hit into the goal ?	ball
27471	The audience and teammates celebrate the goal , and teammates pat each other on the shoulder .	who do the audience and teammates celebrate the goal , and pat each other on the shoulder ?	teammates
27472	A guy removes his helmet .	who removes his helmet ?	guy
27472	A guy removes his helmet .	what does the guy remove ?	helmet
27473	A woman smiles at the camera .	who smiles at the camera ?	woman
27474	The woman rinses a toothbrush under water .	who rinses the toothbrush under water ?	woman
27474	The woman rinses a toothbrush under water .	what does the woman rinse under water ?	toothbrush
27475	The woman applies toothpaste to the toothbrush .	who applies toothpaste to the toothbrush ?	woman
27475	The woman applies toothpaste to the toothbrush .	what does the woman apply to the toothbrush ?	toothpaste
27476	The woman demonstrates brushing her teeth .	who demonstrates brushing her teeth ?	woman
27477	The woman rinses the toothbrush under water again .	who rinses the toothbrush under water again ?	woman
27478	The woman rinses her mouth with a glass of water .	who rinses her mouth with a glass of water ?	woman
27479	The woman towels her mouth and shows her teeth .	who towels her mouth and shows her teeth ?	woman
27480	A girl shows how to make lemonade .	who shows how to make lemonade ?	girl
27482	A camera pans to a kite flying around in the sky as well as people in a field .	what pans to the kite flying around in the sky as well as people in a field ?	camera
27483	A man is seen off to the site controlling the kite with his hands .	who is seen off to the site controlling the kite with his hands ?	man
27485	A young man sits down on a chair in front of a drum set .	who sits down on the chair in front of a drum set ?	man
27491	The rafters arrive to a cascade and the boats fold when descend the cascade , then they continue rafting in the river .	what arrive to the cascade and the boats fold when descend the cascade , then they continue rafting in the river ?	rafters
27491	The rafters arrive to a cascade and the boats fold when descend the cascade , then they continue rafting in the river .	what do the rafters arrive to a cascade and fold when descend the cascade , then they continue rafting in the river ?	boats
27492	A man is standing on a ladder .	who is standing on the ladder ?	man
27493	He is hanging wall paper onto a wall in front of him .	what is he hanging onto a wall in front of him ?	paper
27494	He uses a tool to smooth out the wall paper once it 's on the wall .	what does he use ?	tool
27497	A woman is riding an intertube down a snowy hill .	who is riding an intertube down a snowy hill ?	woman
27503	The vacuum cleaner collecting bucket is moved in order to reach a new area of carpet .	what is moved in order to reach a new area of carpet ?	bucket
27505	The person lifts up the head of the vacuum and examines the wheels underneath .	what does the person examine underneath ?	wheels
27506	Bowling pins are getting hit with bowling ball .	what are getting hit with bowling ball ?	pins
27508	A man kisses a trophy in his hands .	who kisses the trophy in his hands ?	man
27510	A woman picks up a ball that falls onto the ground .	who picks up the ball that falls onto the ground ?	woman
27510	A woman picks up a ball that falls onto the ground .	what does the woman pick up ?	ball
27511	The girl walks up to the net .	who walks up to the net ?	girl
27512	A camp fire burns brightly in the night .	what burns brightly in the night ?	fire
27516	A man and woman are standing an a kitchen .	what are the man and woman standing ?	kitchen
27517	The woman is chopping up various vegetables on a white tray .	who is chopping up various vegetables on a white tray ?	woman
27517	The woman is chopping up various vegetables on a white tray .	what is the color of the tray ?	white
27519	A man throws a javelin .	who throws the javelin ?	man
27520	Photographers take pictures in the background .	who take pictures in the background ?	photographers
27523	Another man throws a javelin .	who throws the javelin ?	man
27527	A third man throws a javelin so hard that he falls .	who throws the javelin so hard that he falls ?	man
27529	The third man walks away looking disappointed .	who walks away looking disappointed ?	man
27530	A fourth man throws a javelin .	who throws the javelin ?	man
27532	The fourth man looks disappointed looking for his jacket .	who looks disappointed looking for his jacket ?	man
27533	The first man to throw a javelin runs around celebrating and hugs another man .	who runs around celebrating and hugs another man ?	man
27534	A man puts a gold medal around the neck of the first javelin thrower and shakes his hand .	who puts the gold medal around the neck of the first javelin thrower and shakes his hand ?	man
27538	The gold medal winner talks to a news person .	who talks to the news person ?	winner
27539	The silver medalist talks to a news person .	who talks to the news person ?	medalist
27540	A woman is shown holding a shot put and talking to the camera while standing in a large gym .	who is shown holding the shot put and talking to the camera while standing in a large gym ?	woman
27542	One person covers the floor with tiles .	how many person covers the floor with tiles ?	one
27543	Then , another man come and help cover the floor with tiles .	what do then , cover with tiles ?	floor
27546	A man is using a large broom in a parking lot .	who is using the large broom in a parking lot ?	man
27549	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding a rag and cleaner and leads into her spraying down the gloves and moving them along a piano .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a rag and cleaner and leads into her spraying down the gloves and moving them along a piano ?	woman
27550	The woman continues wiping all around the piano and ends by speaking to the camera .	who continues wiping all around the piano and ends by speaking to the camera ?	woman
27551	We see a green title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27551	We see a green title screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	green
27553	A man in white shorts sits down in front of the camera .	what is the color of the shorts ?	white
27554	A man knocks over one of his team mates .	who knocks over one of his team mates ?	man
27555	Two men almost crash into the camera .	how many men almost crash into the camera ?	two
27557	A man hits the ball far across the field .	who hits the ball far across the field ?	man
27558	The screen fades to green .	what fades to green ?	screen
27559	A man is seated on a horse and holding a lasso while assistants stand by and an audience watches .	who is seated on the horse and holding a lasso while assistants stand by and an audience watches ?	man
27559	A man is seated on a horse and holding a lasso while assistants stand by and an audience watches .	who is the man seated on a horse and holding and an audience watches ?	lasso
27560	A cow is released and the man chases after it .	what is released and the man chases after it ?	cow
27560	A cow is released and the man chases after it .	who is the cow released and chases after it ?	man
27561	The man lassos and ties it up .	who lassos and ties it up ?	man
27562	A man briefly enters the camera frame .	who briefly enters the camera frame ?	man
27562	A man briefly enters the camera frame .	what does the man briefly enter ?	frame
27563	Another man is seated on a horse and holding a lasso in the same setting .	who is seated on the horse and holding a lasso in the same setting ?	man
27564	A cow is released and the second man chases after it .	what is released and the second man chases after it ?	cow
27564	A cow is released and the second man chases after it .	who is the cow released and chases after it ?	man
27565	The second man lassos and ties it up .	who lassos and ties it up ?	man
27566	Two riders and two assistants enter the frame .	what do two riders and two assistants enter ?	frame
27567	A man bungee jumps from an elevated capsule into a body of water beneath him in a forest like environment .	what jumps from an elevated capsule into a body of water beneath him in a forest like environment ?	bungee
27568	A man in a blue shirt is strapped into a bungee jumping harness .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
27569	The man is then lifted into the air in a yellow capsule with a guide , high above a body of water .	who is then lifted into the air in a yellow capsule with a guide , high above a body of water ?	man
27569	The man is then lifted into the air in a yellow capsule with a guide , high above a body of water .	what is the color of the capsule ?	yellow
27570	The man then jumps out of the capsule and falls the distance between the capsule and the water and plops into the water .	who then jumps out of the capsule and falls the distance between the capsule and the water and plops into the water ?	man
27571	A man in a blue shirt is standing in the woods explaining something .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
27573	The camera goes back to him standing .	what goes back to him standing ?	camera
27574	The camera goes to the fire being started .	what goes to the fire being started ?	camera
27575	the camera goes back to him standing .	what goes back to him standing ?	camera
27576	The camera goes back to him building a different kind of campfire .	what goes back to him building a different kind of campfire ?	camera
27579	man is putting white glue around the leak .	who is putting white glue around the leak ?	man
27579	man is putting white glue around the leak .	what is the color of the glue ?	white
27582	The light goes out and the room is dark .	what does the light go out and is dark ?	room
27583	The man in green walks to the middle of the court and hits the ball back and forth .	what does the man in green hit back and forth ?	ball
27584	The man finishes and walks towards the camera .	who finishes and walks towards the camera ?	man
27585	A sailboat with dark red plum colored sails is riding on the ocean .	what is the color of the sails ?	red
27586	The boat turns and we see it from behind as we move to the left side .	what turns and we see it from behind as we move to the left side ?	boat
27587	The camera zoom in and out then flashes to another angle .	what is zoom in and out then flashes to another angle ?	camera
27589	A female gymnast goes through her routine as her coach supervises .	who goes through her routine as her coach supervises ?	gymnast
27591	Her coach walks to the uneven bars to position himself in case she falls .	who walks to the uneven bars to position himself in case she falls ?	coach
27592	The coach walks up to the uneven bars a second time to position himself to catch her if needed and then walks across to the other side of the mats .	who walks up to the uneven bars a second time to position himself to catch her if needed and then walks across to the other side of the mats ?	coach
27594	A woman is seen diving through colorful banners .	who is seen diving through colorful banners ?	woman
27597	The women take turns diving off the high board , flipping as they go .	who take turns diving off the high board , flipping as they go ?	women
27598	The winner poses with a medal as everyone claps .	who poses with the medal as everyone claps ?	winner
27602	A man drives his car to the beach .	who drives his car to the beach ?	man
27602	A man drives his car to the beach .	what does the man drive to the beach ?	car
27606	A person touches the skin with a green light while cleaning the area .	what is the color of the light ?	green
27608	The person continues applying the green light .	what is the color of the light ?	green
27609	There are 4 african american children skipping around on the concrete ground .	who are there skipping around on the concrete ground ?	children
27609	There are 4 african american children skipping around on the concrete ground .	how many african american children are there skipping around on the concrete ground ?	four
27610	3 are wearing dresses and 1 of them is wearing a shirt and pants .	what are 3 wearing and 1 of them is wearing a shirt and pants ?	dresses
27611	After they 're done skipping , they go to pick vegetables on the side of a building and put them into a blue bowl .	what is the color of the bowl ?	blue
27612	A jet ski is parked and a man is riding one .	what is parked and the man is riding one ?	ski
27612	A jet ski is parked and a man is riding one .	who is the jet ski parked and is riding one ?	man
27614	Two men on a jet ski shake their hair .	how many men on a jet ski shake their hair ?	two
27615	A person name is on the screen and we see a man jet ski .	what is the person name on the screen and we see ?	ski
27617	We see the man as he prepares to ski riding behind the boat .	who do we see ?	man
27619	A group of men are outside standing in a circle hitting sticks as two males begin fighting .	how many males are the group of men outside standing in a circle hitting sticks as begin fighting ?	two
27620	Next , two more men begin dancing around the circle making fighting movements .	how many more men do next , begin dancing around the circle making fighting movements ?	two
27622	A girl video records a man throwing lighting the end of a stick on fire .	who records the man throwing lighting the end of a stick on fire ?	video
27622	A girl video records a man throwing lighting the end of a stick on fire .	who does the girl video record throwing lighting the end of a stick on fire ?	man
27623	The man blows the stick of fire into a pile of wood and eventually creates a fire .	who blows the stick of fire into a pile of wood and eventually creates a fire ?	man
27624	Two men are standing on a gym .	how many men are standing on the gym ?	two
27625	A man gets on his knees and lifts two weights .	who gets on his knees and lifts two weights ?	man
27625	A man gets on his knees and lifts two weights .	how many weights does the man lift ?	two
27626	A man stands behind him and talks .	who stands behind him and talks ?	man
27627	The man stands up and kneels back down several times .	who stands up and kneels back down several times ?	man
27628	A man is wearing white in front of a building .	who is wearing white in front of a building ?	man
27629	He is doing several martial arts moves .	who is he doing ?	moves
27631	We see a black intro screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27631	We see a black intro screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
27633	Photographers stand up at the end of her table .	who stand up at the end of her table ?	photographers
27634	The princess and her people exit the room .	what do the princess and her people exit ?	room
27635	We go back to the black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
27636	A woman is standing while wearing a pair of black boots .	who is standing while wearing the pair of black boots ?	woman
27636	A woman is standing while wearing a pair of black boots .	what is the color of the boots ?	black
27637	Her boots begin to move and kick as she starts dancing .	what begin to move and kick as she starts dancing ?	boots
27639	The woman is fully shown as she stops dancing and begins to speak to the camera .	who is fully shown as she stops dancing and begins to speak to the camera ?	woman
27640	A man is jumping rope in a room .	who is jumping rope in a room ?	man
27640	A man is jumping rope in a room .	where is the man jumping rope . ?	room
27643	There is a man wearing a blue hazmat suit spray painting a tall fence .	who is there wearing a blue hazmat suit spray painting a tall fence ?	man
27643	There is a man wearing a blue hazmat suit spray painting a tall fence .	there is a man wearing what a tall fence ?	spray
27643	There is a man wearing a blue hazmat suit spray painting a tall fence .	there is a man wearing a blue hazmat suit spray painting what ?	fence
27643	There is a man wearing a blue hazmat suit spray painting a tall fence .	what is the color of the painting ?	blue
27644	He is using a spray paint hose to paint the wooden fence .	what is he using ?	hose
27645	He moves the hose back and forth to ensure he covers the entire surface area of the fence .	what does he move back and forth ?	hose
27646	A little girl is running around with a stick pushing and object , playing and having a lot of fun .	who is running around with the stick pushing and object , playing and having a lot of fun ?	girl
27647	The little girl goes forward playing for around 10 meters and then she goes back running .	who goes forward playing for around 10 meters and then she goes back running ?	girl
27648	She touches a red plate and positions it and then runs again to the other side .	what is the color of the plate ?	red
27650	The man continues doing several different tricks on the skis and the boat moving a lot faster .	who continues doing several different tricks on the skis and the boat moving a lot faster ?	man
27652	Several older men man runs into frame to check on the gymnast in back while the man on the bars continues his routine .	who does several older men run into frame to check on the gymnast in back while the man on the bars continues his routine ?	man
27653	The athlete does a back flip and finishes his routine while several others run into frame .	who does the back flip and finishes his routine while several others run into frame ?	athlete
27654	A woman wearing a head scarf is seated , talking to the camera .	who is wearing a head scarf is seated , talking to the camera ?	woman
27654	A woman wearing a head scarf is seated , talking to the camera .	the woman wearing what is seated , talking to the camera ?	scarf
27657	A goalie is shown saving several balls and being interviewed by a reporter .	who is shown saving several balls and being interviewed by a reporter ?	goalie
27660	A young man is seen sitting before an instrument with another sitting on a drum set .	who is seen sitting before an instrument with another sitting on a drum set ?	man
27661	The man moves sticks around while looking off into the distance and begins to play .	who sticks around while looking off into the distance and begins to play ?	moves
27662	Another boy walks in and out of frame and begins singing into a microphone .	who walks in and out of frame and begins singing into a microphone ?	boy
27663	The camera pans in on a volleyball player while she plays a game with others .	what pans in on the volleyball player while she plays a game with others ?	camera
27664	The camera pauses every now and then to capture her movements and pans around the other people playing .	what pauses every now and then to capture her movements and pans around the other people playing ?	camera
27665	A host speaks to the camera with various musicians sitting behind him and leads into several shots of landscapes .	who speaks to the camera with various musicians sitting behind him and leads into several shots of landscapes ?	host
27666	The same man speaks to the camera and is shown riding on a surf board with several other surfers .	who speaks to the camera and is shown riding on a surf board with several other surfers ?	man
27667	The man is seen once again in the studio and is interviewed by a woman and another man .	who is seen once again in the studio and is interviewed by a woman and another man ?	man
27667	The man is seen once again in the studio and is interviewed by a woman and another man .	where is the man seen . ?	studio
27668	A woman is standing and talking to the camera , as she pointed to the horse next to her .	who is standing and talking to the camera , as she pointed to the horse next to her ?	woman
27670	The horse began running in circles as the older woman is watching .	what began running in circles as the older woman is watching ?	horse
27671	A young child is seen sitting before a fooseball table when one hands her the ball and she puts it into the game .	who is seen sitting before the fooseball table when one hands her the ball and she puts it into the game ?	child
27672	The man then helps the girl play on the table by moving the poles all around and pushing the people .	who then helps the girl play on the table by moving the poles all around and pushing the people ?	man
27673	A man is running down a track in slow motion doing several jumps and landing into a pit .	who is running down the track in slow motion doing several jumps and landing into a pit ?	man
27674	The same man is shown several times through various clips in slow motion performing the long jump on a track field .	who is shown several times through various clips in slow motion performing the long jump on a track field ?	man
27675	1 A guy shows the tools to clip his cats nails .	who does 1 show the tools to clip his cats nails ?	guy
27676	2 The guy wraps up the cat .	who does 2 wrap up the cat ?	guy
27676	2 The guy wraps up the cat .	what does 2 the guy wrap up ?	cat
27677	3 The Guy cut the cats nails and the cat tries to bite him a few times .	what did 3 the guy cut and tries to bite him a few times ?	cat
27678	4 The guy lets the cat go .	who does 4 let the cat go ?	guy
27680	A timer is on the desk in front of them .	what is on the desk in front of them ?	timer
27681	The person completes the rubiks cube and sets it down on the table .	what does the person complete ?	cube
27682	A person gets off a plane .	what does the person get off ?	airplane
27685	A man is shown against a white background .	who is shown against the white background ?	man
27685	A man is shown against a white background .	what is the color of the background ?	white
27686	He is playing a guitar with his hands .	what is he playing with his hands ?	guitar
27688	Two people are playing badminton as someone records them with a video camera .	how many people are playing badminton as someone records them with a video camera ?	two
27689	A guy hurts himself as the other people watching him laugh at him .	who hurts himself as the other people watching him laugh at him ?	guy
27691	The boy goes into the house as the people continue to laugh .	who goes into the house as the people continue to laugh ?	boy
27692	There are about five to six young boys bouncing and jumping in an enclosed bouncy house with basketballs in their hands .	who are there bouncing and jumping in an enclosed bouncy house with basketballs in their hands ?	boys
27693	The coach is guiding them by blowing the whistle as the children continue to bounce and jump .	who is guiding them by blowing the whistle as the children continue to bounce and jump ?	coach
27694	They take turns to throw the orange balls as instructed by their coach .	what is the color of the balls ?	orange
27695	Two cookies are shown on a plate .	what are shown on the plate ?	cookies
27695	Two cookies are shown on a plate .	how many cookies are shown on the plate ?	two
27696	The ingredients are mixed into a bowl one at a time , adding eggs , sugar , and butter .	what are mixed into the bowl one at a time , adding eggs , sugar , and butter ?	ingredients
27697	The cookies are cut out of the dough .	what are cut out of the dough ?	cookies
27699	The woman shows the square mats and points to the different materials and features .	who shows the square mats and points to the different materials and features ?	woman
27700	The woman sweeps the floor to prep for a project .	who sweeps the floor to prep for a project ?	woman
27700	The woman sweeps the floor to prep for a project .	what does the woman sweep ?	floor
27701	The woman uses a chalk line then tape to mark the floor .	who uses the chalk line then tape to mark the floor ?	woman
27702	The woman sets in the square carpet pieces in place to cover the floor .	who sets in the square carpet pieces in place to cover the floor ?	woman
27703	The woman shows the finished floor off .	who shows the finished floor off ?	woman
27703	The woman shows the finished floor off .	what does the woman show off ?	floor
27704	A man is sitting along side a road polishing a shoe .	who is sitting along side a road polishing a shoe ?	man
27706	A motorcycle drives by on the road .	what drives by on the road ?	motorcycle
27707	The man puts the shoe down and picks up another one to polish .	who puts the shoe down and picks up another one to polish ?	man
27707	The man puts the shoe down and picks up another one to polish .	what does the man put down ?	shoe
27708	He grabs the long pole and begins to walk with it to the other side of the field .	what does he grab ?	pole
27713	A woman stands in front to instruct the group and continue jumping rope and then stopping .	who stands in front to instruct the group and continue jumping rope and then stopping ?	woman
27715	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27718	A man falls on the ground .	who falls on the ground ?	man
27720	We see two men high five each other .	how many men do we see high five each other ?	two
27721	We see the closing tile screen .	what do we see ?	screen
27722	A man is seen standing ready outside a track and begins running towards a bar .	who is seen standing ready outside the track and begins running towards a bar ?	man
27723	The man then jumps over the bar and is shown again in slow motion .	who then jumps over the bar and is shown again in slow motion ?	man
27724	People sit at a black jack table .	what is the color of the table ?	black
27725	A man sits behind the table dealing the cards .	who sits behind the table dealing the cards ?	man
27726	A man cashes in chips with the dealer .	who cashes in chips with the dealer ?	man
27727	A lady is talking to the camera in a light room .	who is talking to the camera in a light room ?	lady
27729	The lady starts braiding her hair adding more hair as she braids .	who starts braiding her hair adding more hair as she braids ?	lady
27730	The lady pulls her braid in front of her and adds a hair tie .	who pulls her braid in front of her and adds a hair tie ?	lady
27730	The lady pulls her braid in front of her and adds a hair tie .	what does the lady add ?	tie
27732	A row of teenaged boys are playing snare drums .	what are the row of teenaged boys playing ?	drums
27734	A girl playing a drum joins in .	who is playing a drum joins in ?	girl
27734	A girl playing a drum joins in .	the girl playing what joins in ?	drum
27735	Gymnasts stretch and prepare for a routine .	who stretch and prepare for the routine ?	gymnasts
27738	A man is shown doing athletic acts , including jumping on a mattress , and stretches for his knees before jumping again and again .	who is shown doing athletic acts , including jumping on a mattress , and stretches for his knees before jumping again and again ?	man
27739	A man stands in a bathroom in front of a mirror , holding a razor .	who stands in the bathroom in front of a mirror , holding a razor ?	man
27740	The man begins speaking to the camera while showing the razor and its various parts .	who begins speaking to the camera while showing the razor and its various parts ?	man
27743	The man places the razor on a charging stand which shows a light illuminating , and then picks it back up .	who places the razor on a charging stand which shows a light illuminating , and then picks it back up ?	man
27745	Two men demonstrate jump rope stunts , tricks and techniques in an auditorium in front of a group of students .	how many men demonstrate jump rope stunts , tricks and techniques in an auditorium in front of a group of students ?	two
27746	A man in a grey track suit performs jump rope tricks in front of a group of students .	what does the man in a grey track suit perform in front of a group of students ?	tricks
27746	A man in a grey track suit performs jump rope tricks in front of a group of students .	what is the color of the suit ?	gray
27747	The man in the grey track suit finishes and the children clap .	what is the color of the finishes ?	gray
27748	A second man walks beside the man and the two men begin to perform more tricks and stunts including backflips and dance moves during the demonstration .	who walks beside the man and the two men begin to perform more tricks and stunts including backflips and dance moves during the demonstration ?	man
27748	A second man walks beside the man and the two men begin to perform more tricks and stunts including backflips and dance moves during the demonstration .	how many men begin to perform more tricks and stunts including backflips and dance moves during the demonstration ?	two
27749	Two people are seen hosting a news segment speaking to one another and showing several clips on the interior of a gym .	how many people are seen hosting the news segment speaking to one another and showing several clips on the interior of a gym ?	two
27750	The woman then climbs on the treadmill and gives it a try while still speaking to the man .	who then climbs on the treadmill and gives it a try while still speaking to the man ?	woman
27751	A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding a beer and leads into her drinking from the glass .	who is seen speaking to the camera holding a beer and leads into her drinking from the glass ?	woman
27753	A volunteer rakes leaves in a front yard .	who leaves in the front yard ?	rakes
27754	Volunteers carry and set up yard tools and cleaning products .	who carry and set up yard tools and cleaning products ?	volunteers
27755	A group of volunteers rake the leaves together in front of a house .	what did the group of volunteers rake together in front of a house ?	leaves
27756	Volunteers all eat together in a cafeteria .	who all eat together in the cafeteria ?	volunteers
27756	Volunteers all eat together in a cafeteria .	where do volunteers all eat . ?	cafeteria
27757	A man loads up bags of leaves and drops them off at a collection yard .	who loads up bags of leaves and drops them off at a collection yard ?	man
27759	She is putting sand into a cup and building a sand castle .	what is she putting sand into a cup and building ?	castle
27760	Another girl walks up and talks to her .	who walks up and talks to her ?	girl
27761	The man stops hitting the bongos and rests his left hand on the lighter colored bongo .	who stops hitting the bongos and rests his left hand on the lighter colored bongo ?	man
27762	Then the man moves his right leg as if he is going to stand up and the bongo moves without his leg support .	who does then move his right leg as if he is going to stand up and the bongo moves without his leg support ?	man
27765	They open beers and bump the together , then they start throwing beers to the audience .	what do they open , then they start throwing beers to the audience ?	beers
27769	The group trows balls back and forth with an opposing team in a dodge ball game .	what does the group trows back and forth with an opposing team in a dodge ball game ?	balls
27770	A man gets hit multiple times as he runs forward on the court and retrieves balls .	who gets hit multiple times as he runs forward on the court and retrieves balls ?	man
27772	A Brazilian player pass the ball to his playmate who scores and runs to celebrate , other Brazilian players scores many times .	what do the brazilian player pass to his playmate who scores and runs to celebrate , other brazilian players scores many times ?	ball
27777	A little girl follows a boy in a yellow bumper car .	who follows the boy in a yellow bumper car ?	girl
27777	A little girl follows a boy in a yellow bumper car .	what is the color of the car ?	yellow
27777	A little girl follows a boy in a yellow bumper car .	where does the little girl follow a boy . ?	car
27778	Then , the boy and the girl hit other bumper cars .	what did then , the boy and the girl hit ?	cars
27782	A woman stands in a room holding a hula hoop .	who stands in the room holding a hula hoop ?	woman
27785	A man wearing a blue shirt is playing the piano in a yard .	who is wearing a blue shirt is playing the piano in a yard ?	man
27785	A man wearing a blue shirt is playing the piano in a yard .	the man wearing what is playing the piano in a yard ?	shirt
27785	A man wearing a blue shirt is playing the piano in a yard .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
27786	There are two elephants standing behind him .	what are there standing behind him ?	elephants
27786	There are two elephants standing behind him .	how many elephants are there standing behind him ?	two
27788	The man continues to play the piano in a fast pace using various keys on the piano .	who continues to play the piano in a fast pace using various keys on the piano ?	man
27789	He gives a big finish with the tune and then pats the elephant 's trunk .	he then pats what trunk ?	elephant
27789	He gives a big finish with the tune and then pats the elephant 's trunk .	he then pats what ?	trunk
27790	A guy stands on the shore of a beach holding a hockey stick balancing a ball .	who stands on the shore of a beach holding a hockey stick balancing a ball ?	guy
27791	A hockey stick and a white ball lay on fake grass outside .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
27792	A person moves a white ball with a hockey stick .	what does the person move with a hockey stick ?	ball
27792	A person moves a white ball with a hockey stick .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
27793	A person demonstrates ten field hockey techniques .	how many field hockey techniques does the person demonstrate ?	ten
27794	A guy uses a hockey stick to bounce a ball in the air .	who uses the hockey stick to bounce a ball in the air ?	guy
27796	A boy plays with a ball in a yard .	who plays with the ball in a yard ?	boy
27797	A boy swings and hits the ball out of the yard .	who swings and hits the ball out of the yard ?	boy
27797	A boy swings and hits the ball out of the yard .	what does the boy hit out of the yard ?	ball
27798	The boy walks to retrieve the ball .	who walks to retrieve the ball ?	boy
27799	The boy plays a game where he hits the ball and knocks down trash can lids .	who plays the game where he hits the ball and knocks down trash can lids ?	boy
27800	The boy swings a stick at the balls to hit them through a goal .	who swings the stick at the balls to hit them through a goal ?	boy
27800	The boy swings a stick at the balls to hit them through a goal .	what does the boy swing at the balls ?	stick
27801	People play shuffleboard in a gym .	where do people play shuffleboard . ?	gym
27802	A woman throws a black puck , then she talks and continue playing .	who throws the black puck , then she talks and continue playing ?	woman
27802	A woman throws a black puck , then she talks and continue playing .	who does the woman throw , then she talks and continue playing ?	puck
27802	A woman throws a black puck , then she talks and continue playing .	what is the color of the puck ?	black
27803	Old man wearing a cap talks in the gym .	who is wearing a cap talks in the gym ?	man
27803	Old man wearing a cap talks in the gym .	what is old man wearing in the gym ?	talks
27803	Old man wearing a cap talks in the gym .	where is old man wearing a cap talks . ?	gym
27804	Two women talks side by side , one of the woman holds a pole .	who talks side by side , one of the woman holds a pole ?	women
27804	Two women talks side by side , one of the woman holds a pole .	how many women talks side by side ?	two
27806	The woman continues shaving her legs and a close up of the tool is shown .	who continues shaving her legs and a close up of the tool is shown ?	woman
27807	A woman walks into frame playing with her hair and parting it behind her .	who walks into frame playing with her hair and parting it behind her ?	woman
27808	The woman continues braiding up her hair and shows off the end result while looking to the camera then away .	who continues braiding up her hair and shows off the end result while looking to the camera then away ?	woman
27809	cars covered by a thick snow is shown and a man is cleaning the snow with a shovel in the windshield and all the car .	what covered by a thick snow is shown and a man is cleaning the snow with a shovel in the windshield and all the car ?	cars
27809	cars covered by a thick snow is shown and a man is cleaning the snow with a shovel in the windshield and all the car .	cars covered by a thick snow is shown and who is cleaning the snow with a shovel in the windshield and all the car ?	man
27810	car is going in street .	what is going in street ?	car
27810	car is going in street .	where is car going . ?	street
27812	We see a man , 2 girls , then an older man interviewed .	who do we see a man , 2 girls , then interviewed ?	man
27815	We see two boys talking in the rink .	who do we see talking in the rink ?	boys
27815	We see two boys talking in the rink .	how many boys do we see talking in the rink ?	two
27816	We see a young man with longer hair being interviewed followed by two girls .	who do we see with longer hair being interviewed followed by two girls ?	man
27817	We see the boy curl , then be interviewed and a girl interviewed .	who do we see and interviewed ?	girl
27819	A referee wearing a white shirt in a boxing match starts a boxing match .	who is wearing a white shirt in a boxing match starts a boxing match ?	referee
27819	A referee wearing a white shirt in a boxing match starts a boxing match .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
27820	Two girl boxers approach each other and start kick boxing .	what approach each other and start kick boxing ?	boxers
27820	Two girl boxers approach each other and start kick boxing .	how many girl boxers approach each other and start kick boxing ?	two
27821	The taller boxer approaches the shorter boxer and hits the shorter boxer with a straight kick .	who approaches the shorter boxer and hits the shorter boxer with a straight kick ?	boxer
27821	The taller boxer approaches the shorter boxer and hits the shorter boxer with a straight kick .	who does the taller boxer approach ?	boxer
27821	The taller boxer approaches the shorter boxer and hits the shorter boxer with a straight kick .	who does the taller boxer hit with a straight kick ?	boxer
27822	Both boxers exchange punches and kicks in the center of the ring .	what punches and kicks in the center of the ring ?	exchange
27823	The referee manages the fight while following and watching the fighters closely .	who manages the fight while following and watching the fighters closely ?	referee
27824	Two people are tubing in a stream with lush water and huge rocks through out it .	how many people are tubing in the stream with lush water and huge rocks through out it ?	two
27826	man is waxing a woman 's leg .	who is waxing the woman 's leg ?	man
27826	man is waxing a woman 's leg .	who is man waxing leg ?	woman
27827	woman is talking to the camera and showing how to wax the leg .	who is talking to the camera and showing how to wax the leg ?	woman
27828	Two people have their legs tied together and then receive instructions .	how many people have their legs tied together and then receive instructions ?	two
27829	They walk out to a ledge and then go bungee jumping over the edge .	they then go what jumping over the edge ?	bungee
27831	The kids move all around the game hitting into one another .	who move all around the game hitting into one another ?	kids
27836	There 's a man in a pink shirt and a lady in a white tank top holding bagpipes in her hand .	what is the color of the bagpipes ?	white
27838	The lady begins playing her bagpipes as the man watches her play .	who begins playing her bagpipes as the man watches her play ?	lady
27839	She continues playing and after she 's done , the man claps for her and gives her a hug .	who does she continue and , claps for her and gives her a hug ?	man
27840	A man is seen dancing with a hula hoop in a crowded area while people wander around behind her .	who is seen dancing with the hula hoop in a crowded area while people wander around behind her ?	man
27841	The woman continues spinning the hoop around herself as people watch her spin around .	who continues spinning the hoop around herself as people watch her spin around ?	woman
27842	three kids are hitting a ball with a racket .	who are hitting the ball with a racket ?	kids
27842	three kids are hitting a ball with a racket .	what are three kids hitting with a racket ?	ball
27842	three kids are hitting a ball with a racket .	how many kids are hitting the ball with a racket ?	three
27844	They are each taking turns hitting the ball .	what are they each taking ?	turns
27847	Then , the person sails in choppy waters , suddenly he pivote the boat away helping with the oar .	what do then , the person sails in choppy waters , suddenly he pivote away helping with the oar ?	boat
27854	`` FiAir The handly little blower to feed your fires '' appears on screen .	what do `` fiair ?	blower
27855	People watch a parade where people walk on front a marching band holding a banner and waving the viewers .	people watch a parade a marching band holding what and waving the viewers ?	banner
27856	A man cross the street holding a small flag and extend his hand .	who cross the street holding a small flag and extend his hand ?	man
27857	A group of soldiers holds rifles and flags on front a black car .	what is the color of the car ?	black
27858	A veteran make the military salute .	who make the military salute ?	veteran
27859	A chef is seen speaking to a woman and leads into him holding knives and sharpening the sides .	who is seen speaking to the woman and leads into him holding knives and sharpening the sides ?	chef
27860	He then wipes the knife with a rag and continues sharpening the knives .	what does he then wipe with a rag ?	knife
27861	A man walks over to another man upset and suggests an arm wrestling match .	who walks over to another man upset and suggests an arm wrestling match ?	man
27862	The men begin to hold hands and quickly move away while two women walk into scene .	how many women do the men begin to hold hands and quickly move away while walk into scene ?	two
27864	The match continues as the men discuss their issues and the women watching yell at the men .	who does the match continue and watching yell at the men ?	women
27865	The women then help the men arm wrestle and one punches the other to help one man win .	who then help the men arm wrestle and one punches the other to help one man win ?	women
27865	The women then help the men arm wrestle and one punches the other to help one man win .	how many man does one punch the other to help win ?	one
27866	The punched woman pulls the arms up and stabs them while the other man also stabs them .	who pulls the arms up and stabs them while the other man also stabs them ?	woman
27867	The women pull out duct tape and stuff one body into a bag .	who pull out duct tape and stuff one body into a bag ?	women
27867	The women pull out duct tape and stuff one body into a bag .	what do the women pull out ?	tape
27867	The women pull out duct tape and stuff one body into a bag .	how many body do the women stuff into a bag ?	one
27868	A man is sitting on an exercise bike .	who is sitting on an exercise bike ?	man
27872	The martial artists in red pants and black shirts do kicks and flips .	what is the color of the pants ?	red
27872	The martial artists in red pants and black shirts do kicks and flips .	what is the color of the shirts ?	black
27873	Drummers wearing all black and red hats play the drums .	who are wearing all black and red hats play the drums ?	drummers
27873	Drummers wearing all black and red hats play the drums .	what are drummers wearing all black and red hats play ?	drums
27874	The performers finish their piece and the crowd applauds .	who finish their piece and the crowd applauds ?	performers
27875	A young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking .	what are the young boy and girl standing over with their mother talking ?	sink
27876	The mother instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing .	who instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing ?	mother
27877	The boy helps his younger sister brush his teeth .	who helps his younger sister brush his teeth ?	boy
27877	The boy helps his younger sister brush his teeth .	who does the boy help brush his teeth ?	sister
27879	The boy and girl begin playing in the sink .	where do the boy and girl begin playing . ?	sink
27880	The woman laughs at the children dribbling water .	who laughs at the children dribbling water ?	woman
27881	A woman is outside wind blowing a little bit through her hair , the view is outstanding .	who is outside wind blowing a little bit through her hair , the view is outstanding ?	woman
27887	She throws the baton up and does a few cartwheels and lands in time to catch it .	what does she throw up ?	baton
27888	She accidentally drops the baton and picks its up and continues on and on until the end of her dance .	she accidentally drops what and picks its up ?	baton
27889	kid is sanding in a room talking to the camera .	who is sanding in the room talking to the camera ?	kid
27890	anoher man appears on the room and is practicing a head lock .	who appears on the room and is practicing a head lock ?	man
27890	anoher man appears on the room and is practicing a head lock .	what is anoher man practicing ?	lock
27891	man throw the the kid in the bed and stands .	who throw the the kid in the bed and stands ?	man
27891	man throw the the kid in the bed and stands .	where do man throw the the kid . ?	bed
27893	We see a man playing a guitar in a recording studio .	who do we see playing a guitar in a recording studio ?	man
27894	We see a ending screen with the man 's youtube channel address on it .	what do we see with the man 's youtube channel address on it ?	screen
27895	man is in a racetrack running to make a high jump into the dust .	who is in the racetrack running to make a high jump into the dust ?	man
27896	woman is putting numbers in a scoeboard .	who is putting numbers in a scoeboard ?	woman
27897	man is running in the middle of the field .	who is running in the middle of the field ?	man
27898	A man is seen speaking to the camera and pans over to a roof that is breaking apart .	who is seen speaking to the camera and pans over to a roof that is breaking apart ?	man
27899	He points all over the roof and shows a man working on the roof while panning around again .	who does he show working on the roof while panning around again ?	man
27900	People are sitting in a car .	where are people sitting . ?	car
27903	Various pictures are shown of people huddled up together as well as people playing soccer on a beach .	what are shown of people huddled up together as well as people playing soccer on a beach ?	pictures
27904	More pictures are shown of people playing as well as one man receiving a trophy and celebrating with others .	what are shown of people playing as well as one man receiving a trophy and celebrating with others ?	pictures
27905	There is a little girl slowly sliding down the side with the comfort of holding her mother 's hand , the first time she went down .	who is there slowly sliding down the side with the comfort of holding her mother 's hand , the first time she went down ?	girl
27907	woman is ni seashore wearing a big hat and smiling .	who is ni seashore wearing a big hat and smiling ?	woman
27907	woman is ni seashore wearing a big hat and smiling .	what is woman wearing a big hat and smiling ?	seashore
27907	woman is ni seashore wearing a big hat and smiling .	woman is ni seashore wearing what and smiling ?	hat
27909	A boy is sitting behind a table .	who is sitting behind the table ?	boy
27910	He picks up a beer and takes a drink quickly .	what does he pick up ?	beer
27911	A woman grabs it away from him .	who grabs it away from him ?	woman
27913	The woman then puts ingredients onto sandwich bread and mixes the two together and takes multiple bites .	who then puts ingredients onto sandwich bread and mixes the two together and takes multiple bites ?	woman
27913	The woman then puts ingredients onto sandwich bread and mixes the two together and takes multiple bites .	the woman then puts what onto sandwich bread and mixes the two together ?	ingredients
27914	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a bucket and pot .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a bucket and pot ?	woman
27916	She then washing clothes in the bucket using water continuously as well as a toothbrush .	where does she then wash clothes . ?	toothbrush
27918	three people is in studio talking about news .	how many people is in studio talking about news ?	three
27920	back to the studio reporters keep talking about the history .	who do back to the studio keep talking about the history ?	reporters
27921	A man is standing behind a couch , wearing a protective head covering .	who is standing behind the couch , wearing a protective head covering ?	man
27922	He is covering a couch with plastic , and tapes it in place .	what is he covering with plastic , and tapes it in place ?	couch
27924	We see blue letters on a black screen and see a roof .	what do we see ?	roof
27924	We see blue letters on a black screen and see a roof .	what is the color of the letters ?	blue
27924	We see blue letters on a black screen and see a roof .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
27930	The ball falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up .	what falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up ?	ball
27930	The ball falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up .	what is the color of the shorts ?	red
27931	A man in a black hat serves the ball .	what does the man in a black hat serve ?	ball
27931	A man in a black hat serves the ball .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
27932	A man is standing outside in a field of grass that is relatively low .	who is standing outside in the field of grass that is relatively low ?	man
27933	However , in his hand he has a scythe and begins swinging it back and forth cutting the grass down further .	what does however , in his hand he have ?	scythe
27934	As he cuts , several texts appear across the screen with white words about what he is doing and explaining the activity .	what is the color of the words ?	white
27939	An elderly woman lays on down against a brown pillow .	who lays on down against the brown pillow ?	woman
27939	An elderly woman lays on down against a brown pillow .	what is the color of the pillow ?	brown
27940	She holds a harmonica to her mouth and plays it .	what does she hold to her mouth ?	harmonica
27941	The light in the room brightens .	where does the light brighten . ?	room
27944	One of the players from the black team hits the puck away from his opponent .	who does one of the players from the black team hit away from his opponent ?	puck
27944	One of the players from the black team hits the puck away from his opponent .	what is the color of the team ?	black
27945	The players from the white team try to prevent him from hitting a goal .	what is the color of the team ?	white
27947	Then the focus is back on the real game where a black team player is highlighted as he takes a shot on the goal .	what is the color of the player ?	black
27949	The black team player hits the puck on the opposite corner of the ice .	what is the color of the player ?	black
27950	As the black moves fast and towards the goal , it cause the goalie to fall down .	what is the color of the moves ?	black
27951	The black team wins the goal and gets the victory in the game .	what is the color of the team ?	black
27952	A camera pans over a weight room and shows various people working on a machines .	what pans over the weight room and shows various people working on a machines ?	camera
27953	One man is seen running on an elliptical while another using a rowing machine in the back .	who is seen running on an elliptical while another using a rowing machine in the back ?	man
27953	One man is seen running on an elliptical while another using a rowing machine in the back .	how many man is seen running on an elliptical while another using a rowing machine in the back ?	one
27954	A man is shoveling snow off of the top of a car .	who is shoveling snow off of the top of a car ?	man
27956	A person throws a bowling ball down a lane .	what does the person throw down a lane ?	ball
27957	They knock the pins down .	what do they knock down ?	pins
27958	They throw the ball at a spare and knock all the rest of the pins down .	what do they throw at a spare ?	ball
27959	A woman washes clothes in a bucket with soap .	who washes clothes in a bucket with soap ?	woman
27960	The woman wrings out a towel .	who wrings out the towel ?	woman
27960	The woman wrings out a towel .	what does the woman wring out ?	towel
27962	A man in a baseball cap , shorts and a blue short sleeved shirt serves three tennis balls across a tennis net on a tennis court by himself .	what does the man in a baseball cap , shorts and a blue short sleeved shirt serve across a tennis net on a tennis court by himself ?	balls
27962	A man in a baseball cap , shorts and a blue short sleeved shirt serves three tennis balls across a tennis net on a tennis court by himself .	how many tennis balls does the man in a baseball cap , shorts and a blue short sleeved shirt serve across a tennis net on a tennis court by himself ?	three
27962	A man in a baseball cap , shorts and a blue short sleeved shirt serves three tennis balls across a tennis net on a tennis court by himself .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
27963	A man on a tennis court by himself serves a tennis ball with a tennis racket across a net .	what does the man on a tennis court by himself serve with a tennis racket across a net ?	ball
27964	The man then serves two more balls across the net , the ball just land on the other side .	who then serves two more balls across the net , the ball just land on the other side ?	man
27964	The man then serves two more balls across the net , the ball just land on the other side .	how many more balls does the man then serve across the net , the ball just land on the other side ?	two
27965	A male athlete is running on a track .	who is running on the track ?	athlete
27969	A man sits down with a guitar .	who sits down with the guitar ?	man
27970	The man begins playing the guitar .	who begins playing the guitar ?	man
27971	The man starts singing while playing the guitar .	who starts singing while playing the guitar ?	man
27972	The man stops playing the guitar and stands up and walks toward the camera .	who stops playing the guitar and stands up and walks toward the camera ?	man
27973	A man plays bagpipes in a city square while nobody pays attention .	who plays bagpipes in a city square while nobody pays attention ?	man
27973	A man plays bagpipes in a city square while nobody pays attention .	what does the man play in a city square ?	bagpipes
27974	A cop tells him to stop .	who tells him to stop ?	cop
27975	A boy runs slowly down a path .	who runs slowly down the path ?	boy
27983	One of the men checks his gun and readjust his it and then keeps moving forward .	one of the men checks what and readjust his it ?	gun
27985	A boy is standing in a kitchen with two pieces of bread .	who is standing in the kitchen with two pieces of bread ?	boy
27986	He opens the fridge and takes out sandwich ingredients .	what does he open ?	fridge
27989	Afterward , he puts the ingredients back into the fridge , zeroing in on the sandwich on the counter .	what does afterward , he put back into the fridge , ?	ingredients
27992	One man kneels down and the others shake hands with players .	who kneels down and the others shake hands with players ?	man
27992	One man kneels down and the others shake hands with players .	how many man kneels down ?	one
27993	A lady chef wearing a stripe blouse talks in a kitchen .	who is wearing a stripe blouse talks in a kitchen ?	chef
27993	A lady chef wearing a stripe blouse talks in a kitchen .	where is the lady chef wearing a stripe blouse talks . ?	kitchen
27994	The lady chef describes the ingredients needed and the preparation for the creamy seafood pasta .	who describes the ingredients needed and the preparation for the creamy seafood pasta ?	chef
27995	The lady chef shows a step by step process for preparing the creamy seafood pasta dish and shows the final product .	who shows the step by step process for preparing the creamy seafood pasta dish and shows the final product ?	chef
27995	The lady chef shows a step by step process for preparing the creamy seafood pasta dish and shows the final product .	what does the lady chef show ?	product
27996	A man is talking in a stable as he feeds a horse beside him .	who is talking in the stable as he feeds a horse beside him ?	man
27996	A man is talking in a stable as he feeds a horse beside him .	where is the man talking as he feeds a horse beside him . ?	stable
27998	He mounts a saddle onto the horse .	what does he mount onto the horse ?	saddle
28000	A woman wearing exercise equipment is shown talking to the camera and pointing to several areas on her body .	who is wearing exercise equipment is shown talking to the camera and pointing to several areas on her body ?	woman
28000	A woman wearing exercise equipment is shown talking to the camera and pointing to several areas on her body .	the woman wearing exercise what is shown talking to the camera and pointing to several areas on her body ?	equipment
28002	She then grabs a weight in both hands as well as a cat to use as a weight for the exercise .	what does she then grab a weight in both hands as well as ?	cat
28004	A man is sen standing in front of a large group of people holding onto a rope .	who is sen standing in front of a large group of people holding onto a rope ?	man
28005	The man raises his arms and the two team begin a game of tug of war .	who raises his arms and the two team begin a game of tug of war ?	man
28007	We see a girl sitting in a piercing parlor with a lady standing near her .	who do we see sitting in a piercing parlor with a lady standing near her ?	girl
28008	The lady puts a clip on the girls lip and sticks a large needle through her lip .	who puts the clip on the girls lip and sticks a large needle through her lip ?	lady
28008	The lady puts a clip on the girls lip and sticks a large needle through her lip .	what does the lady put on the girls lip ?	clip
28008	The lady puts a clip on the girls lip and sticks a large needle through her lip .	what does the lady stick through her lip ?	needle
28009	The lady slides the earring through the girls lip and puts a disinfectant on it .	who slides the earring through the girls lip and puts a disinfectant on it ?	lady
28009	The lady slides the earring through the girls lip and puts a disinfectant on it .	what does the lady slide through the girls lip ?	earring
28009	The lady slides the earring through the girls lip and puts a disinfectant on it .	what does the lady put on it ?	disinfectant
28010	A young girl is seen speaking to the camera and holds up a bottle to the camera .	who is seen speaking to the camera and holds up a bottle to the camera ?	girl
28011	The girl then begins painting her nails and showing them off to the camera .	who then begins painting her nails and showing them off to the camera ?	girl
28014	The man measures the shims to fit in the corners .	who measures the shims to fit in the corners ?	man
28015	After , the person puts stripes on the border of the shims , then put the carpet .	what do , then put ?	carpet
28016	A man takes videos of him skiing and snowboarding down a mountain .	who takes videos of him skiing and snowboarding down a mountain ?	man
28018	Two swimmers stand bow forward on a high dive platform .	who stand bow forward on the high dive platform ?	swimmers
28018	Two swimmers stand bow forward on a high dive platform .	how many swimmers stand bow forward on the high dive platform ?	two
28019	The divers dive from the platform into the water .	who dive from the platform into the water ?	divers
28021	A white wave crashes down and the surfer below it disappears as the large white foam of the wave spreads to a very large area on the water .	what is the color of the wave ?	white
28021	A white wave crashes down and the surfer below it disappears as the large white foam of the wave spreads to a very large area on the water .	what is the color of the foam ?	white
28023	A woman is seen pushing a puck along some ice followed by people brushing ice with brooms in front of the puck .	who is seen pushing the puck along some ice followed by people brushing ice with brooms in front of the puck ?	woman
28025	A class room is filled with students either sitting or standing .	what is filled with students either sitting or standing ?	room
28027	The boys spread apart and end their routine then they walk towards one another while smiling .	who spread apart and end their routine then they walk towards one another while smiling ?	boys
28029	The camera pans to people pushing the puck along the ice followed by a person pushing the puck into the middle .	what pans to people pushing the puck along the ice followed by a person pushing the puck into the middle ?	camera
28030	A little boy in his pajamma 's standing in the mirror watching himself brush his teeth .	where does the little boy in his pajamma 's standing watching himself brush his teeth . ?	mirror
28031	He moves forward a little and spits out some toothpaste .	what does he spit out ?	toothpaste
28035	A man is SCUBA diving underwater while holding his air tank in his hands and the text continues to explain .	who is scuba diving underwater while holding his air tank in his hands and the text continues to explain ?	man
28035	A man is SCUBA diving underwater while holding his air tank in his hands and the text continues to explain .	the man is scuba diving underwater while holding what in his hands and the text continues to explain ?	tank
28036	The air tank is seen floating on it 's own on the sea bed .	what is seen floating on it 's own on the sea bed ?	tank
28037	Another man is SCUBA diving and he lets go of his tank to demonstrate the buoyancy .	who is scuba diving and he lets go of his tank to demonstrate the buoyancy ?	man
28040	A man is holding a pocket knife while sitting on some rocks in the wilderness .	who is holding the pocket knife while sitting on some rocks in the wilderness ?	man
28040	A man is holding a pocket knife while sitting on some rocks in the wilderness .	what is the man holding while sitting on some rocks in the wilderness ?	knife
28045	The stone particles stick to the wet piece of wood .	what stick to the wet piece of wood ?	particles
28047	He then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him .	what does he then notice sitting next to him ?	frog
28048	The frog then escapes and jumps away .	what then escapes and jumps away ?	frog
28050	We see a pink opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
28051	We see a lady brushing two miniature horses .	how many miniature horses do we see a lady brushing ?	two
28052	The lady cleans the brown horses hooves .	who cleans the brown horses hooves ?	lady
28052	The lady cleans the brown horses hooves .	what does the lady clean ?	hooves
28052	The lady cleans the brown horses hooves .	what is the color of the hooves ?	brown
28053	The lady cleans the hooves on the white and tan horse .	who cleans the hooves on the white and tan horse ?	lady
28054	The lady brushes the mane on both horses .	who brushes the mane on both horses ?	lady
28055	The lady puts her supplies down .	who puts her supplies down ?	lady
28056	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
28058	We see the lady brush the brown horse again .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
28063	The product 's varying sizes are displayed .	what varying sizes are displayed ?	product
28064	The guy pours product in a container and uses a brush to put the liquid on the surface of a metal object .	who pours product in a container and uses a brush to put the liquid on the surface of a metal object ?	guy
28064	The guy pours product in a container and uses a brush to put the liquid on the surface of a metal object .	what does the guy pour in a container ?	product
28064	The guy pours product in a container and uses a brush to put the liquid on the surface of a metal object .	where does the guy pour product . ?	container
28065	The guy puts a white cloth on the edge .	who puts the white cloth on the edge ?	guy
28065	The guy puts a white cloth on the edge .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
28066	The guy runs the metal object repeatedly across the white cloth .	who runs the metal object repeatedly across the white cloth ?	guy
28066	The guy runs the metal object repeatedly across the white cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
28068	A painting is shown followed by several pictures of painting tools and supplies .	what is shown followed by several pictures of painting tools and supplies ?	painting
28069	A person 's hand then begins putting marks on the painting and dipping her brush continuously in the paint .	where does the person 's hand then begin putting marks on the painting and dipping her brush . ?	paint
28070	The camera pans down the finished picture and a text is shown across the screen .	what pans down the finished picture and a text is shown across the screen ?	camera
28071	A woman is seen playing Frisbee out in a back yard with a dog and performs several tricks with the dog .	who is seen playing frisbee out in a back yard with a dog and performs several tricks with the dog ?	woman
28077	The satisfied and exhausted woman sits back on the sofa and holds her large belly as she completes the task of putting her right shoe on .	who sits back on the sofa and holds her large belly as she completes the task of putting her right shoe on ?	woman
28078	Two people are seen standing in a gymnasium wearing boxing gloves .	how many people are seen standing in the gymnasium wearing boxing gloves ?	two
28083	There are two people dressed in yellow shirts playing table tennis in a finished basement .	how many people are there dressed in yellow shirts playing table tennis in a finished basement ?	two
28083	There are two people dressed in yellow shirts playing table tennis in a finished basement .	what is the color of the shirts ?	yellow
28084	There are three people seated on sofas next to them watching soccer television .	how many people are there seated on sofas next to them watching soccer television ?	three
28086	The two players continue playing table tennis .	how many players continue playing table tennis ?	two
28087	The player on the right hits the ball which is opponent returns in a fast manner .	what does the player on the right hit ?	ball
28088	The ball falls off the table .	what falls off the table ?	ball
28091	A guy dressed in a black hoodie walks by .	who dressed in a black hoodie walks by ?	guy
28091	A guy dressed in a black hoodie walks by .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	black
28094	Two young children are shown when one climbs across a set of monkey bars and the other steps out of frame .	who are shown when one climbs across a set of monkey bars and the other steps out of frame ?	children
28094	Two young children are shown when one climbs across a set of monkey bars and the other steps out of frame .	how many young children are shown when one climbs across a set of monkey bars and the other steps out of frame ?	two
28095	The girl makes it to the end of the bars and looks to the camera speaking and smiling .	who makes it to the end of the bars and looks to the camera speaking and smiling ?	girl
28098	The man continues drumming faster and the crowd continues to cheer him on .	who continues drumming faster and the crowd continues to cheer him on ?	man
28100	A boy stands behind a table of food .	who stands behind the table of food ?	boy
28103	He stacks tomatoes on top of the lettuce on the bread .	what does he stack on top of the lettuce on the bread ?	tomatoes
28104	He puts chicken on top of the tomato .	what does he put on top of the tomato ?	chicken
28105	He puts one piece of bread on top of the other .	how many piece does he put of bread on top of the other ?	one
28106	He puts mayonnaise on top of the top piece of bread .	what does he put on top of the top piece of bread ?	mayonnaise
28109	He cuts the sandwich into four slices on a board .	what does he cut into four slices on a board ?	sandwich
28112	He adds fries to the plate with the sandwich on it .	what does he add to the plate with the sandwich on it ?	fries
28113	There 's a NBC news reporter wearing a red sweater and white shirt talking about dog grooming by Scissor Wizard a grooming company .	who does there 's wearing a red sweater and white shirt talking about dog grooming by scissor wizard a grooming company ?	reporter
28116	A woman walks by the exercise room holding weights .	who walks by the exercise room holding weights ?	woman
28117	A woman places the weights down on the rack .	who places the weights down on the rack ?	woman
28118	A woman walks by without holding any weights .	who walks by without holding any weights ?	woman
28119	A red mustang is being hosed down .	what is being hosed down ?	mustang
28119	A red mustang is being hosed down .	what is the color of the mustang ?	red
28120	Next , the workers rub soap over the car .	who do next , rub soap over the car ?	workers
28120	Next , the workers rub soap over the car .	what do next , the workers rub soap ?	car
28124	One player moves all around the net holding the ball and demonstrates how to properly shoot a hoop .	how many player moves all around the net holding the ball and demonstrates how to properly shoot a hoop ?	one
28127	A man sits down in front of a hookah and begins talking to the camera .	who sits down in front of a hookah and begins talking to the camera ?	man
28128	The man takes a hit of the hookah and coughs a bit .	who takes the hit of the hookah and coughs a bit ?	man
28129	The man shows how to avoid coughing with a hookah by moving the tobacco around on the bowl .	who shows how to avoid coughing with the hookah by moving the tobacco around on the bowl ?	man
28132	Two people are shown holding fencing sticks and pointing towards each other .	how many people are shown holding fencing sticks and pointing towards each other ?	two
28134	A man is riding on a surfboard in the ocean .	who is riding on the surfboard in the ocean ?	man
28137	woman is standing in middle of stage talking to the camera and showing in slow motion dance moves .	who is standing in middle of stage talking to the camera and showing in slow motion dance moves ?	woman
28138	woman is making the movements quickly and showing the position of the hands .	who is making the movements quickly and showing the position of the hands ?	woman
28139	woman is showing salsa movements in a room .	who is showing salsa movements in a room ?	woman
28139	woman is showing salsa movements in a room .	what is woman showing in a room ?	movements
28139	woman is showing salsa movements in a room .	where is woman showing salsa movements . ?	room
28140	A man is standing on a dark field .	who is standing on the dark field ?	man
28141	He throws a frisbee through the air , and a dog catches it .	what does he throw through the air , and a dog catches it ?	frisbee
28141	He throws a frisbee through the air , and a dog catches it .	what does he throw a frisbee through the air , and catches it ?	dog
28142	The dog chases and does tricks to get the frisbee .	what chases and does tricks to get the frisbee ?	dog
28144	The latch is let down and they all take off into the dirt and start to race in the dirt .	what is let down and they all take off into the dirt and start to race in the dirt ?	latch
28146	The video shows a canopy representing the Eastern Mountain Sports event .	what does the video show representing the eastern mountain sports event ?	canopy
28149	There are several other contestants walking on the tight rope .	who are there walking on the tight rope ?	contestants
28151	Two people are playing with a Frisbee as one person walks on the rope .	how many people are playing with the frisbee as one person walks on the rope ?	two
28152	A girl and boy try the tight rope together .	what do the girl and boy try together ?	rope
28155	The man is kicking the tile of the roof until it moved .	who is kicking the tile of the roof until it moved ?	man
28156	The man pull out one tire of the roof and pointed on the sides of the tiles .	who pull out one tire of the roof and pointed on the sides of the tiles ?	man
28156	The man pull out one tire of the roof and pointed on the sides of the tiles .	how many tire do the man pull out of the roof ?	one
28157	He put back the tile , move it to its original place .	what did he put back , ?	tile
28159	The kids continue driving the cars around when a man walks in and out of frame making sure the kids and parents are safe .	who continue driving the cars around when a man walks in and out of frame making sure the kids and parents are safe ?	kids
28161	The man then uses the machine around the dirt and waters down the area afterwards .	who then uses the machine around the dirt and waters down the area afterwards ?	man
28162	Another man is seen pouring water down on the ground and pasting white paper down .	who is seen pouring water down on the ground and pasting white paper down ?	man
28162	Another man is seen pouring water down on the ground and pasting white paper down .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
28163	A man is in the murky waters , using a paddle .	who is in the murky waters , using a paddle ?	man
28167	People play polo in the field riding horses .	who do people play in the field riding horses ?	polo
28169	After , the person runs behind a player with blue t-shirt to hit the ball and score .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	blue
28170	The camera pans around a pool and audience and leads into a group of swimmers standing ready on the side .	what pans around the pool and audience and leads into a group of swimmers standing ready on the side ?	camera
28173	Then , the man spins the loop and throw to catch a calf , then run and tie the calf .	then , , then run and tie what ?	calf
28174	A young man enters the arena and untie the calf .	who enters the arena and untie the calf ?	man
28174	A young man enters the arena and untie the calf .	what do the young man untie ?	calf
28175	A bald man inside of a home is holding a camera and videotaping a woman on stilts .	what is the bald man inside of a home holding and videotaping a woman on stilts ?	camera
28176	The camera pans to the woman , who is walking around the living room in the stilts .	what pans to the woman , who is walking around the living room in the stilts ?	camera
28177	The man asks the woman to act like a movie character , and she agrees .	who asks the woman to act like a movie character , and she agrees ?	man
28177	The man asks the woman to act like a movie character , and she agrees .	who does the man ask , and she agrees ?	woman
28178	The woman then grabs the camera , and the view is obscured by her hand .	who then grabs the camera , and the view is obscured by her hand ?	woman
28178	The woman then grabs the camera , and the view is obscured by her hand .	what does the woman then grab , and the view is obscured by her hand ?	camera
28179	A woman is standing outside , talking to the camera .	who is standing outside , talking to the camera ?	woman
28181	At the end , a screen appears with contact information .	what does at the end , appear with contact information ?	screen
28182	First the man walks onto the stage in the beginning and shakes his head roughly .	first who walks onto the stage in the beginning and shakes his head roughly ?	man
28184	Next he wrestles a man who has long short blonde hair and he wrestles a man who has a low haircut and he wins .	who does next he wrestle and he wrestles a man who has a low haircut and he wins ?	man
28186	A young man sits on a bed .	who sits on the bed ?	man
28187	The man starts playing an acoustic guitar .	who starts playing an acoustic guitar ?	man
28188	The man starts singing while playing .	who starts singing while playing ?	man
28189	The man pauses and rolls is eyes .	who pauses and rolls is eyes ?	man
28190	The man finishes and looks up , then at the ground .	who finishes and looks up , then at the ground ?	man
28191	A man is seen sitting behind a drum set beginning to play while others watch him on the side .	who is seen sitting behind the drum set beginning to play while others watch him on the side ?	man
28192	The man continues to play the drum set faster and faster and ends by stopping to speak to the camera .	who continues to play the drum set faster and faster and ends by stopping to speak to the camera ?	man
28193	The woman is adjusting the matt , while the man is raising the pole .	who is adjusting the matt , while the man is raising the pole ?	woman
28194	The woman is running with a pole , then she jumped over the yellow rope .	who is running with the pole , then she jumped over the yellow rope ?	woman
28194	The woman is running with a pole , then she jumped over the yellow rope .	what is the color of the rope ?	yellow
28195	The woman jumped over the rope while her coach is on the side of the tract watching and assisting her as she jumped over the pole .	who jumped over the rope while her coach is on the side of the tract watching and assisting her as she jumped over the pole ?	woman
28196	A barber is shown using clippers on his client 's head in a hair salon .	who is shown using clippers on his client 's head in a hair salon ?	barber
28197	He is shaving a man 's head with shaving cream and a razor .	who is he shaving head with shaving cream and a razor ?	man
28199	He is shaving a man 's beard with shaving gel and a razor .	who is he shaving beard with shaving gel and a razor ?	man
28201	He is using clippers on a young man .	what is he using on a young man ?	clippers
28203	A man is outside in a field of grass pushing a lawn mower back and forth .	who is outside in the field of grass pushing a lawn mower back and forth ?	man
28203	A man is outside in a field of grass pushing a lawn mower back and forth .	what is the man outside in a field of grass pushing back and forth ?	mower
28207	The ball is deflected by the defenders in the graphic .	what is deflected by the defenders in the graphic ?	ball
28209	docto is talking in a consulting room and mixing liquids into a test tube preparing coffee and talking to the camera about benefis of the coffee .	where is docto talking and mixing liquids into a test tube preparing coffee and talking to the camera about benefis of the coffee . ?	room
28210	coffe is being served in a cup and is shown the benefits of the coffee in the body .	where is coffe being served . ?	cup
28211	a man is in a boat in the water .	who is in the boat in the water ?	man
28213	man is diving ni deep sea through the shoals and corals .	who is diving ni deep sea through the shoals and corals ?	man
28213	man is diving ni deep sea through the shoals and corals .	what is man through the shoals and corals ?	sea
28214	Four men are playing dodge ball in an indoor court .	what are four men playing in an indoor court ?	ball
28214	Four men are playing dodge ball in an indoor court .	how many men are playing dodge ball in an indoor court ?	four
28215	They start running towards the red balls after the coach blows the whistle .	what is the color of the balls ?	red
28217	The opponent strikes back at the other player , but he manages to dodge the ball .	who strikes back at the other player , but he manages to dodge the ball ?	opponent
28218	Next , the player hits another ball directly at his opponent standing opposite him .	what does next , the player hit directly at his opponent standing opposite him ?	ball
28224	A young man plays the guitar in a boat , while a youth smoke a cigarette .	who plays the guitar in a boat , while a youth smoke a cigarette ?	man
28224	A young man plays the guitar in a boat , while a youth smoke a cigarette .	where does the young man play the guitar , while a youth smoke a cigarette . ?	boat
28225	Two young ladies sail a boat behind the men .	who sail the boat behind the men ?	ladies
28225	Two young ladies sail a boat behind the men .	how many young ladies sail the boat behind the men ?	two
28226	A man walks onto a diving board .	who walks onto the diving board ?	man
28229	A fox news icon appears on the screen .	what appears on the screen ?	icon
28230	A group of people are in a building , playing a game called beer pong .	where are the group of people , playing a game called beer pong . ?	building
28231	The news reporters gather in their studio to play beer pong .	who gather in their studio to play beer pong ?	reporters
28232	A male and female reporter attempt to throw the balls at the cups .	who attempt to throw the balls at the cups ?	reporter
28233	The woman walks away laughing as the other reporters continue to talk .	who walks away laughing as the other reporters continue to talk ?	woman
28235	Two people are seen walking around on stilts in the middle of a street and sidewalk .	how many people are seen walking around on stilts in the middle of a street and sidewalk ?	two
28237	woman is standing in a field playing bagpipes .	who is standing in the field playing bagpipes ?	woman
28238	woman is standing in the middle of a parking lot playing bag pipes .	who is standing in the middle of a parking lot playing bag pipes ?	woman
28239	a blue house is behind the woman that is playing bagpipes .	what is behind the woman that is playing bagpipes ?	house
28239	a blue house is behind the woman that is playing bagpipes .	what is the color of the house ?	blue
28240	A skateboarder comes by and rolls in a patch of dirt by the side walk .	who comes by and rolls in the patch of dirt by the side walk ?	skateboarder
28241	A man then begins to ride his skateboard from the top of the roof down an inclined road .	who then begins to ride his skateboard from the top of the roof down an inclined road ?	man
28242	The man then begins moving and skateboarding throughout the neighborhood and interacting with the people .	who then begins moving and skateboarding throughout the neighborhood and interacting with the people ?	man
28243	All of a sudden , the man walks through the subway and gets off his skateboard until he gets to his destination .	what does all of a sudden , the man get off ?	skateboard
28245	We see a white opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
28245	We see a white opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
28249	man is standing in front of a kitchen cooking and showing the ingredients to a cook .	who is standing in front of a kitchen cooking and showing the ingredients to a cook ?	man
28249	man is standing in front of a kitchen cooking and showing the ingredients to a cook .	what is man standing in front of a kitchen cooking and showing to a cook ?	ingredients
28250	man put the ingredients in a pan and cook the chicken with the salad and serve it in a plate .	what do man put in the pan ?	ingredients
28250	man put the ingredients in a pan and cook the chicken with the salad and serve it in a plate .	what do man cook with the salad ?	chicken
28250	man put the ingredients in a pan and cook the chicken with the salad and serve it in a plate .	where do man put the ingredients . ?	pan
28252	A man explains that they are at a casino dealing school where they will teach people how to deal .	who explains that they are at a casino dealing school where they will teach people how to deal ?	man
28253	Another man begins to tell and about the basics for casino dealing .	who begins to tell and about the basics for casino dealing ?	man
28255	A young child is seen smiling to the camera and beginning to climb across monkey bars .	who is seen smiling to the camera and beginning to climb across monkey bars ?	child
28257	A scuba-diving man interacts underwater with a large fish .	who interacts underwater with a large fish ?	man
28258	The man makes a pushing gesture towards the camera .	who makes the pushing gesture towards the camera ?	man
28259	The man makes several gestures towards the camera .	who makes several gestures towards the camera ?	man
28260	The fish rams into the man and swims away .	what rams into the man and swims away ?	fish
28261	A man holds two swords out and pretends to hit another people holding swords .	who holds two swords out and pretends to hit another people holding swords ?	man
28261	A man holds two swords out and pretends to hit another people holding swords .	what does the man hold out ?	swords
28261	A man holds two swords out and pretends to hit another people holding swords .	how many swords does the man hold out ?	two
28262	He demonstrates again and hands the swords to another man .	what does he hand to another man ?	swords
28265	One man falls down and acts hurt to portray a role in the play Hamlet .	who falls down and acts hurt to portray the role in the play hamlet ?	man
28265	One man falls down and acts hurt to portray a role in the play Hamlet .	how many man falls down and acts hurt to portray the role in the play hamlet ?	one
28266	A camera pans around a woman standing in front of a dog balancing on a fence .	what pans around the woman standing in front of a dog balancing on a fence ?	camera
28267	The dog continues balancing on the fence while the camera pans around .	what continues balancing on the fence while the camera pans around ?	dog
28268	The dog then jumps off the fence in the end .	what then jumps off the fence in the end ?	dog
28269	A man is holding a white shoe and puts it on the ground .	who is holding the white shoe and puts it on the ground ?	man
28269	A man is holding a white shoe and puts it on the ground .	what is the man holding ?	shoe
28269	A man is holding a white shoe and puts it on the ground .	what is the color of the shoe ?	white
28270	The man already has a shoe on his right foot and it tightens itself when he touches it .	who already has the shoe on his right foot and it tightens itself when he touches it ?	man
28272	The man stands up from the car and the scene reveals that it 's Michael J Fox in the movie Back to the Future .	who stands up from the car and the scene reveals that it 's michael j fox in the movie back to the future ?	man
28273	A girl is outside on a boat dock holding a three hula hoops in her hands .	who is outside on the boat dock holding a three hula hoops in her hands ?	girl
28273	A girl is outside on a boat dock holding a three hula hoops in her hands .	how many hula hoops is the girl outside on a boat dock holding in her hands ?	three
28275	The young lady then appears again with twenty to thirty hula hoops around her body swinging them back and forth before advising you to subscribe to a channel .	who then appears again with twenty to thirty hula hoops around her body swinging them back and forth before advising you to subscribe to a channel ?	lady
28276	Two men are seen standing in an enclosed room holding tennis rackets and begin hitting the ball off the wall to one another .	how many men are seen standing in an enclosed room holding tennis rackets and begin hitting the ball off the wall to one another ?	two
28278	Two men are seen passing a ball to one another and leads into a group of people playing soccer .	how many men are seen passing the ball to one another and leads into a group of people playing soccer ?	two
28288	A person in dark winter gear is using a shovel to shovel the walkway of a parking garage .	what is the person in dark winter gear using ?	shovel
28293	A woman holds a box with UV light to light the handle of the refrigerator , her hand , the microwave oven and utensils .	who holds the box with uv light to light the handle of the refrigerator , her hand , the microwave oven and utensils ?	woman
28293	A woman holds a box with UV light to light the handle of the refrigerator , her hand , the microwave oven and utensils .	what does the woman hold with uv light ?	box
28294	Then , the woman wash and dry her hands and light a hand with the UV light .	then , who wash and dry her hands and light a hand with the uv light ?	woman
28295	After , the woman takes off her ring and wash and wash her hands with soap and rinse with water .	after , who takes off her ring and wash and wash her hands with soap and rinse with water ?	woman
28296	Various clips are shown of people playing on the beach as well putting sunscreen on and carrying objects .	what are shown of people playing on the beach as well putting sunscreen on and carrying objects ?	clips
28298	Three men walk into a building .	how many men walk into the building ?	three
28304	An athlete approaches the field area .	who approaches the field area ?	athlete
28305	The athlete spins his body around and tosses a disc with maximum force .	who spins his body around and tosses a disc with maximum force ?	athlete
28305	The athlete spins his body around and tosses a disc with maximum force .	what does the athlete toss with maximum force ?	disc
28309	man wearing a blue helmet is kayaking in river showing how to use a row .	who is wearing a blue helmet is kayaking in river showing how to use a row ?	man
28309	man wearing a blue helmet is kayaking in river showing how to use a row .	man wearing what is kayaking in river showing how to use a row ?	helmet
28309	man wearing a blue helmet is kayaking in river showing how to use a row .	what is the color of the helmet ?	blue
28310	man in river is sitting in yellow kayak holding a row .	what is the color of the kayak ?	yellow
28310	man in river is sitting in yellow kayak holding a row .	where is man in river sitting holding a row . ?	kayak
28311	man is fighting against the current in a kayak .	who is fighting against the current in a kayak ?	man
28314	A girl jumps onto a balance beam .	who jumps onto the balance beam ?	girl
28317	A woman in a blue shirt comes over and hugs her .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
28318	A woman walks into a garage with a rolled up paper in her hand .	who walks into the garage with a rolled up paper in her hand ?	woman
28319	Once she leaves , a black cat is shown and it begins to crawl over everything and then the lady comes and pets it .	who does and and then come and pets it ?	lady
28319	Once she leaves , a black cat is shown and it begins to crawl over everything and then the lady comes and pets it .	what is the color of the cat ?	black
28321	She forgets the scissors and walks out to grab them and comes back to apply more paper on the wall .	what does she forget ?	scissors
28322	A break is needed and the woman get a drink from the kitchen .	who is the break needed and get a drink from the kitchen ?	woman
28322	A break is needed and the woman get a drink from the kitchen .	what is the break needed and the woman get from the kitchen ?	drink
28323	Shortly after , the lady continues her tasks and then walks outside to take her cat out .	shortly after , who continues her tasks and then walks outside to take her cat out ?	lady
28324	The wall still is n't finished and she goes back to the room to finish it rolling the outside of it to ensure its smoothness .	what still is n't finished and she goes back to the room to finish it rolling the outside of it to ensure its smoothness ?	wall
28325	As she finishes , the cat comes in the room and starts playing with a ball before returning back outside .	, what comes in the room and starts playing with a ball before returning back outside ?	cat
28325	As she finishes , the cat comes in the room and starts playing with a ball before returning back outside .	where does as she finish , the cat comes and starts playing with a ball before returning back outside . ?	room
28326	The women reappears in another set of clothes to finish the wall , she finally finishes and begins to throw her hands up and collapses on the bed .	who reappears in another set of clothes to finish the wall , she finally finishes and begins to throw her hands up and collapses on the bed ?	women
28328	A man hits the ball with a club .	who hits the ball with a club ?	man
28329	A man in a white hat walks behind him .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
28331	Ingredients are mixed and sauteed .	what are mixed and sauteed ?	ingredients
28334	The final product is taken from the fry pan and placed on a white plate .	what is taken from the fry pan and placed on a white plate ?	product
28334	The final product is taken from the fry pan and placed on a white plate .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
28340	A man in a white shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
28342	Two people choreograph a routine with nunchucks .	how many people choreograph the routine with nunchucks ?	two
28343	The girls drop the nunchucks then dance around .	who drop the nunchucks then dance around ?	girls
28346	A ladder leans on it .	what leans on it ?	ladder
28347	The roof is old and dilapidated .	what is old and dilapidated ?	roof
28348	The camera then pans down .	what then pans down ?	camera
28349	A weight lifter opens his mouth wide .	who opens his mouth wide ?	lifter
28350	He lifts a giant barbell with all his might .	what does he lift with all his might ?	barbell
28352	A woman is seen standing in a yard with a lawn mower in front of her .	who is seen standing in the yard with a lawn mower in front of her ?	woman
28353	The girl then pushes the lawn mower along the yard .	who then pushes the lawn mower along the yard ?	girl
28354	The camera moves in closer of the woman still pushing the mower and speaking to the camera .	what moves in closer of the woman still pushing the mower and speaking to the camera ?	camera
28356	man wearing a grey shirts approach to stage and keeps dancing .	who is wearing a grey shirts approach to stage and keeps dancing ?	man
28356	man wearing a grey shirts approach to stage and keeps dancing .	man wearing what approach to stage and keeps dancing ?	shirts
28356	man wearing a grey shirts approach to stage and keeps dancing .	what is the color of the shirts ?	gray
28357	woman wearing a pink shirt is in the background holding a white cellphone and taking pictures .	who is wearing a pink shirt is in the background holding a white cellphone and taking pictures ?	woman
28357	woman wearing a pink shirt is in the background holding a white cellphone and taking pictures .	woman wearing what is in the background holding a white cellphone and taking pictures ?	shirt
28357	woman wearing a pink shirt is in the background holding a white cellphone and taking pictures .	what is the color of the cellphone ?	white
28359	Sticks are collected then a ring of stones is construct with the sticks stacked together with twigs inside .	what are collected then the ring of stones is construct with the sticks stacked together with twigs inside ?	sticks
28360	The bundle of woods is lit on fire and more sticks are added to keep it going .	what is the bundle of woods lit on fire and are added to keep it going ?	sticks
28361	The man sits down in a lawn chair and enjoys the day .	who sits down in the lawn chair and enjoys the day ?	man
28361	The man sits down in a lawn chair and enjoys the day .	where does the man sit down . ?	chair
28362	The man screws a nozzle onto a propane tank and fuels the fire with it .	who screws the nozzle onto a propane tank and fuels the fire with it ?	man
28362	The man screws a nozzle onto a propane tank and fuels the fire with it .	what did the man screw onto a propane tank and fuels the fire with it ?	nozzle
28365	A woman walks her son out to the mat and begins fixing his mat and preparing him to face his opponent .	who walks her son out to the mat and begins fixing his mat and preparing him to face his opponent ?	woman
28365	A woman walks her son out to the mat and begins fixing his mat and preparing him to face his opponent .	who does the woman walk out to the mat ?	son
28366	The two individuals walk up to the mat and the referee gives them the signal to begin .	who do the two individuals walk up to the mat and gives them the signal to begin ?	referee
28366	The two individuals walk up to the mat and the referee gives them the signal to begin .	how many individuals walk up to the mat ?	two
28367	As the boy is being approached , he kicks his opponent in the head .	who does , he kick in the head ?	opponent
28368	The boy that is kicked falls out on the ground and his mother rushes out to make sure he is okay as the other boy takes a knee .	who falls out on the ground and his mother rushes out to make sure he is okay as the other boy takes a knee ?	boy
28368	The boy that is kicked falls out on the ground and his mother rushes out to make sure he is okay as the other boy takes a knee .	who does the boy fall out on the ground and rushes out to make sure he is okay as the other boy takes a knee ?	mother
28372	Some players run past a yellow line .	what is the color of the line ?	yellow
28374	They continue riding down the river under trees and has more people holding the camera .	they continue and has more people holding what ?	camera
28375	Opening credits show the upcoming activities .	what show the upcoming activities ?	credits
28376	A man in plaid is standing at a microphone acknowledging the crowd .	where is the man standing at a microphone acknowledging the crowd . ?	plaid
28378	The man stops playing and dances in place .	who stops playing and dances in place ?	man
28379	The man continues to play his harmonica .	who continues to play his harmonica ?	man
28380	The man stop splaying and thanks the crowd as the closing credits appear .	who stop splaying and thanks the crowd as the closing credits appear ?	man
28381	There 's a little boy dressed in a red shirt and blue jeans seated on a black leather recliner .	who does there 's dressed in a red shirt and blue jeans seated on a black leather recliner ?	boy
28381	There 's a little boy dressed in a red shirt and blue jeans seated on a black leather recliner .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
28381	There 's a little boy dressed in a red shirt and blue jeans seated on a black leather recliner .	what is the color of the jeans ?	blue
28381	There 's a little boy dressed in a red shirt and blue jeans seated on a black leather recliner .	what is the color of the recliner ?	black
28383	A man standing next to him with a small stick is tickling the boy 's hand with the stick .	who is standing next to him with a small stick is tickling the boy 's hand with the stick ?	man
28384	The boy seems to like it and asks him to do it on his other hand too .	who seems to like it and asks him to do it on his other hand too ?	boy
28385	The man tickles the little boy 's other hand too .	who tickles the little boy 's other hand too ?	man
28385	The man tickles the little boy 's other hand too .	who does the man tickle other hand too ?	boy
28386	The boy smiles and asks for more .	who smiles and asks for more ?	boy
28387	A camera pans around grass and leads to a fence .	what pans around grass and leads to a fence ?	camera
28388	The camera pans all around the fence with flowers on the side .	what pans all around the fence with flowers on the side ?	camera
28389	The camera continues to pan around the fence and the different colors .	what continues to pan around the fence and the different colors ?	camera
28390	A gun is seen moving around several corners and hitting people in various places .	what is seen moving around several corners and hitting people in various places ?	gun
28393	A man takes a hookah and exhales smoke rings .	who takes the hookah and exhales smoke rings ?	man
28393	A man takes a hookah and exhales smoke rings .	what does the man exhale ?	rings
28395	Eight middle aged white men are on one of a rope attempting to win a game of tug-of-war outside in a field at what looks to be a tournament .	how many middle aged white men are on one of a rope attempting to win a game of tug-of-war outside in a field at what looks to be a tournament ?	eight
28395	Eight middle aged white men are on one of a rope attempting to win a game of tug-of-war outside in a field at what looks to be a tournament .	what is the color of the men ?	white
28397	Two people get into an truck .	how many people get into an truck ?	two
28399	A man carrying a ladder sets it against a house .	who is carrying a ladder sets it against a house ?	man
28399	A man carrying a ladder sets it against a house .	the man carrying what sets it against a house ?	ladder
28400	The woman watches the man .	who watches the man ?	woman
28400	The woman watches the man .	who does the woman watch ?	man
28401	The man looks at the roof of the house on the ladder .	who looks at the roof of the house on the ladder ?	man
28403	A man talks in front of a house .	who talks in front of a house ?	man
28404	A man climbs a ladder and looks at a roof .	who climbs the ladder and looks at a roof ?	man
28404	A man climbs a ladder and looks at a roof .	what does the man climb ?	ladder
28405	A man goes through a stack of papers .	who goes through the stack of papers ?	man
28407	A gymnast is seen standing before a beam raising her arms up and others watching on the side .	who is seen standing before the beam raising her arms up and others watching on the side ?	gymnast
28408	The woman then performs a gymnasts routine in front of a large group of people .	who then performs the gymnasts routine in front of a large group of people ?	woman
28410	A man is explaining how to play the drums on bongos .	who is explaining how to play the drums on bongos ?	man
28415	A woman stands at the end of a diving board .	who stands at the end of a diving board ?	woman
28418	A group of women are gathered in a room , then go to the beach .	where are the group of women gathered , then go to the beach . ?	room
28419	A woman photographs the others under the pier .	who photographs the others under the pier ?	woman
28421	A man takes a moment to himself before he starts playing the guitar .	who takes the moment to himself before he starts playing the guitar ?	man
28422	The man plays the guitar .	who plays the guitar ?	man
28422	The man plays the guitar .	what does the man play ?	guitar
28423	The man quits playing the guitar .	who quits playing the guitar ?	man
28424	A young woman is seen standing on a court wearing a hat and holding a tennis racket .	who is seen standing on the court wearing a hat and holding a tennis racket ?	woman
28425	The girl then throws the ball up into the air and hits it off into the distance .	who then throws the ball up into the air and hits it off into the distance ?	girl
28425	The girl then throws the ball up into the air and hits it off into the distance .	what does the girl then throw up into the air ?	ball
28427	An elderly lady in a neck brace yells at the camera in a grocery store .	where does an elderly lady yell at the camera in a grocery store . ?	brace
28428	The lady vacuums the floor in the store .	who vacuums the floor in the store ?	lady
28428	The lady vacuums the floor in the store .	where does the lady vacuum the floor . ?	store
28429	The lady dances to the music and pretends to play a guitar .	who dances to the music and pretends to play a guitar ?	lady
28430	The lady takes off her sunglasses and talks to the camera .	who takes off her sunglasses and talks to the camera ?	lady
28431	We end seeing her standing in an aisle .	where do we end seeing her standing . ?	aisle
28433	One of the singers is playing the violin while the audience cheers and claps for him .	what is one of the singers playing while the audience cheers and claps for him ?	violin
28434	Then another singer grabs the mic and talks to the audience .	who does then grab the mic and talks to the audience ?	singer
28436	The performer sings as he plays the violin and then bows down in front of the audience .	who sings as he plays the violin and then bows down in front of the audience ?	performer
28444	A boy picks up a rake off the ground and carries it .	who picks up the rake off the ground and carries it ?	boy
28445	A man goes down a slide wearing a blue helmet .	who goes down the slide wearing a blue helmet ?	man
28445	A man goes down a slide wearing a blue helmet .	what does the man go down wearing a blue helmet ?	slide
28445	A man goes down a slide wearing a blue helmet .	the man goes down a slide wearing what ?	helmet
28445	A man goes down a slide wearing a blue helmet .	what is the color of the helmet ?	blue
28448	A woman is walking outside the pool .	who is walking outside the pool ?	woman
28449	A man rubs his face while in the water before getting out of the water .	who rubs his face while in the water before getting out of the water ?	man
28450	A player on the orange team skates with the puck until he is tripped up and falls .	what is the color of the team ?	orange
28451	Player 18 on the grey team retrieves the puck and makes a break down the ice perused by defenders .	who does player 18 on the grey team retrieve ?	puck
28451	Player 18 on the grey team retrieves the puck and makes a break down the ice perused by defenders .	what is the color of the team ?	gray
28453	The goalie on the orange team blocks the shot and puts the puck back into play .	who does the goalie on the orange team put back into play ?	puck
28453	The goalie on the orange team blocks the shot and puts the puck back into play .	what is the color of the team ?	orange
28454	Player 4 on the orange team takes the puck down the ice passing once to himself passed defenders .	what is the color of the team ?	orange
28457	A seated man cleans a shoe in a classroom setting with other individuals .	who cleans the shoe in a classroom setting with other individuals ?	man
28458	The man turns to the camera and smiles .	who turns to the camera and smiles ?	man
28459	The man laughs as he holds the shoe downwards .	who laughs as he holds the shoe downwards ?	man
28460	A man shows the proper way to lift a kettlebell .	who shows the proper way to lift a kettlebell ?	man
28463	A person then pulls up a pinata and begins swinging at the object .	what does the person then pull up ?	pinata
28464	The boy moves his hands around and continues to swing at the object .	who moves his hands around and continues to swing at the object ?	boy
28466	Then , people rides camels pulled by men .	what did then , pull by men ?	camels
28468	A white car parks behind the camels .	what is the color of the parks ?	white
28469	Then , the man makes kneel the camels and people get down the camels .	who does then , make kneel the camels and people get down the camels ?	man
28477	People are riding bicycles on a track .	what are people riding on a track ?	bicycles
28478	A man crashes and lands on the track .	who crashes and lands on the track ?	man
28484	Two men are seen swinging their arms and legs around one another while a group of people stand around and watch them .	how many men are seen swinging their arms and legs around one another while a group of people stand around and watch them ?	two
28487	They use a blue tool to take the chain apart .	what do they use ?	tool
28487	They use a blue tool to take the chain apart .	what is the color of the tool ?	blue
28489	A man is doing a gymnastic routine on a balance beam .	who is doing the gymnastic routine on a balance beam ?	man
28491	Another man jumps onto a balance beam and does a routine .	who jumps onto the balance beam and does a routine ?	man
28497	They kick and hit the ball back and forth , celebrating when they win as the crowd claps and cheers .	what do they kick and hit back and forth , ?	ball
28498	A little girl is on a swing set next to her baby brother .	who is on the swing set next to her baby brother ?	girl
28500	A woman is seen sitting under an umbrella with a hookah stick in her mouth .	who is seen sitting under an umbrella with a hookah stick in her mouth ?	woman
28504	The man throws a frisbee and the dog runs , catches it and brings it back .	who throws the frisbee and the dog runs , catches it and brings it back ?	man
28505	The dog is very excited preparing for his next trick .	what is very excited preparing for his next trick ?	dog
28506	The man kneels down and throws frisbees for the dog as he rolls , flips and walks around .	who kneels down and throws frisbees for the dog as he rolls , flips and walks around ?	man
28507	A second man joins the first man on the field and they both raise an arm and then turn to walk away together .	who joins the first man on the field and they both raise an arm and then turn to walk away together ?	man
28508	A woman is seen running back and fourth on a small track and leads into her putting a helmet on .	who is seen running back and fourth on the small track and leads into her putting a helmet on ?	woman
28509	She grabs a pole and runs down the track jumping over a bar and onto a mat .	what does she grab ?	pole
28509	She grabs a pole and runs down the track jumping over a bar and onto a mat .	what does she run down jumping over a bar and onto a mat ?	track
28511	kids are driving bumper cars in an amusement park .	who are driving bumper cars in an amusement park ?	kids
28511	kids are driving bumper cars in an amusement park .	what are kids driving in an amusement park ?	cars
28512	parents are sitting on bumper cars with his children .	who are sitting on bumper cars with his children ?	parents
28513	man wearing a yellow vest is sitting on the background .	who is wearing a yellow vest is sitting on the background ?	man
28513	man wearing a yellow vest is sitting on the background .	man wearing what is sitting on the background ?	vest
28513	man wearing a yellow vest is sitting on the background .	what is the color of the vest ?	yellow
28516	A woman grabs a toy giraffe while others react and others watch in the distance .	who grabs the toy giraffe while others react and others watch in the distance ?	woman
28516	A woman grabs a toy giraffe while others react and others watch in the distance .	what does the woman grab and others watch in the distance ?	giraffe
28517	A man is speaking about how things works while a woman works on a horse .	who is speaking about how things works while a woman works on a horse ?	man
28519	Then he gets soap and starts to wash his hands very throughly .	what does then he get ?	soap
28520	He grabs a napkin and dries his hands off still continuing to speak .	what does he grab ?	napkin
28522	The man continues playing with the hair and leads into him brushing the hair and braiding it .	who continues playing with the hair and leads into him brushing the hair and braiding it ?	man
28524	They join other children , arguing over a bowling ball .	who do they join , ?	children
28525	They pick a ball , then bowl it down the lane .	what do they pick , then bowl it down the lane ?	ball
28526	A boy sitting on a bunk bed .	who is sitting on a bunk bed ?	boy
28527	Another boy approaches as he wraps his legs around his neck .	who approaches as he wraps his legs around his neck ?	boy
28528	The second boy spins him around and slams him to the ground .	who spins him around and slams him to the ground ?	boy
28529	There are 4 people who are all playing badminton and the boy in the white shirt is the first one to serve to the man in the black shirt .	how many people are there who are all playing badminton and the boy in the white shirt is the first one to serve to the man in the black shirt ?	four
28529	There are 4 people who are all playing badminton and the boy in the white shirt is the first one to serve to the man in the black shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
28529	There are 4 people who are all playing badminton and the boy in the white shirt is the first one to serve to the man in the black shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
28530	Then the man wearing the black shirt serves to the boy whose wearing the gold shirt .	who is then wearing the black shirt serves to the boy whose wearing the gold shirt ?	man
28530	Then the man wearing the black shirt serves to the boy whose wearing the gold shirt .	then the man wearing what serves to the boy whose wearing the gold shirt ?	shirt
28530	Then the man wearing the black shirt serves to the boy whose wearing the gold shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
28531	Two men enter the racquetball room .	what do two men enter ?	room
28531	Two men enter the racquetball room .	how many men enter the racquetball room ?	two
28532	The two men start playing racquetball , running around the room trying to hit the ball .	how many men start playing racquetball , running around the room trying to hit the ball ?	two
28533	A man leaved the room and looks into the camera .	who leaved the room and looks into the camera ?	man
28533	A man leaved the room and looks into the camera .	what did the man leave ?	room
28535	A woman dances after making a serve and hugs her friend .	who dances after making the serve and hugs her friend ?	woman
28537	Beach goers are seen playing in the water .	who are seen playing in the water ?	goers
28541	He mixes more ingredients in a blender and squishes them all into balls to put in the oven .	what does he mix in a blender ?	ingredients
28541	He mixes more ingredients in a blender and squishes them all into balls to put in the oven .	where does he mix more ingredients . ?	blender
28544	The hand holding the brush begins painting grass into the painting slowly down the picture .	what is the hand holding the brush begins into the painting slowly down the picture ?	grass
28545	Two men are standing in a room playing a game of tennis .	how many men are standing in the room playing a game of tennis ?	two
28547	The game continues , the child holds his own until the adult ends up hitting it and the kid is not able to return the ball .	who does the game continue , holds his own until the adult ends up hitting it and the kid is not able to return the ball ?	child
28547	The game continues , the child holds his own until the adult ends up hitting it and the kid is not able to return the ball .	who does the game continue , the child holds his own and is not able to return the ball ?	kid
28548	There are two news anchors , a lady and a gentleman both dressed in black presenting a news section .	what is the color of the gentleman ?	black
28549	The lady is holding two small cards in her hands as she talks about the product to the viewers .	who is holding two small cards in her hands as she talks about the product to the viewers ?	lady
28549	The lady is holding two small cards in her hands as she talks about the product to the viewers .	how many small cards is the lady holding in her hands as she talks about the product to the viewers ?	two
28550	There is another lady seated on a table along with two other women , demonstrating how to wear colored lenses in eyes .	who is there seated on a table along with two other women , demonstrating how to wear colored lenses in eyes ?	lady
28554	Another news anchor also talks about the same lenses and how it has become a dangerous trend among teenagers .	what also talks about the same lenses and how it has become a dangerous trend among teenagers ?	anchor
28555	The lady news anchor comes back with the male news anchor to continue the program .	what comes back with the male news anchor to continue the program ?	anchor
28560	A blue character chops a block but fails several times .	who chops the block but fails several times ?	character
28560	A blue character chops a block but fails several times .	what does the blue character chop ?	block
28560	A blue character chops a block but fails several times .	what is the color of the character ?	blue
28563	The announcer begins explaining how the team of Bolivian bowlers are training and more practice is shown .	who begins explaining how the team of bolivian bowlers are training and more practice is shown ?	announcer
28565	The bowlers are shown practicing once again .	who are shown practicing once again ?	bowlers
28566	A boy is barefoot , pushing a lawn mower in his yard .	who is barefoot , pushing a lawn mower in his yard ?	boy
28567	A little girl runs by as he mows .	who runs by as he mows ?	girl
28568	A man is in a room with a crowd of people watching him as he prepares to perform .	who is in the room with a crowd of people watching him as he prepares to perform ?	man
28569	The male stands up right and puts a blue plastic chair between his legs and starts spinning around his head .	what is the color of the chair ?	blue
28571	He completes his performance and the crowd jumps up and congratulates the man .	who does he complete his performance and the crowd jumps up and congratulates ?	man
28572	A electric machine is attached to the end of a ping pong table and is moving with the motion senses of a person 's hand .	what is moving with the motion senses of a person 's hand ?	machine
28573	After , several balls are then thrown towards the paddle and returned by the machine .	what are after , then thrown towards the paddle and returned by the machine ?	balls
28574	The person then walks across the table and begins hitting the balls faster and the machine speeds up to hit the ball .	the person then walks across the table and begins and what speeds up to hit the ball ?	machine
28575	A bartender talks about how to make a proper cocktail .	who talks about how to make the proper cocktail ?	bartender
28578	He grabs a lemon and puts it in the glass to finish .	what does he grab ?	lemon
28579	People are working out in a gym .	where are people working out . ?	gym
28581	A woman in a yellow tank top talks to the camera .	what is the color of the top ?	yellow
28582	A woman in a green tank top talks to the camera .	what is the color of the top ?	green
28583	Two girls are practicing dance moves in front of their television set in their living room .	who are practicing dance moves in front of their television set in their living room ?	girls
28583	Two girls are practicing dance moves in front of their television set in their living room .	how many girls are practicing dance moves in front of their television set in their living room ?	two
28584	One of the girls is wearing a red shirt and the other is wearing a dark blue shirt .	what is one of the girls wearing and the other is wearing a dark blue shirt ?	shirt
28584	One of the girls is wearing a red shirt and the other is wearing a dark blue shirt .	what is one of the girls wearing a red shirt and the other is wearing ?	shirt
28584	One of the girls is wearing a red shirt and the other is wearing a dark blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
28584	One of the girls is wearing a red shirt and the other is wearing a dark blue shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
28585	They are practicing ball room dancing .	what are they practicing ?	dancing
28589	Two boys walk down a sidewalk near a pool .	who walk down the sidewalk near a pool ?	boys
28589	Two boys walk down a sidewalk near a pool .	how many boys walk down the sidewalk near a pool ?	two
28591	Some boys jump off of the diving boards doing flips and other tricks .	who jump off of the diving boards doing flips and other tricks ?	boys
28595	A woman is sitting behind a piano .	who is sitting behind the piano ?	woman
28596	A child is sitting behind a keyboard playing it .	who is sitting behind the keyboard playing it ?	child
28598	A man is carving a pumpkin .	who is carving the pumpkin ?	man
28598	A man is carving a pumpkin .	what is the man carving ?	pumpkin
28600	The man continues carving the pumpkin .	who continues carving the pumpkin ?	man
28601	A dog is chewing on a blue ball .	what is chewing on the blue ball ?	dog
28601	A dog is chewing on a blue ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
28602	A girl is shown several times running on a track .	who is shown several times running on a track ?	girl
28603	She uses a pole to vault over a bar .	what does she use ?	pole
28605	The woman in black uniform threw the javelin ball .	what did the woman in black uniform throw ?	ball
28605	The woman in black uniform threw the javelin ball .	what is the color of the uniform ?	black
28606	The small woman with yellow shirt and black sleeves threw the ball .	what did the small woman with yellow shirt and black sleeves throw ?	ball
28606	The small woman with yellow shirt and black sleeves threw the ball .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
28606	The small woman with yellow shirt and black sleeves threw the ball .	what is the color of the sleeves ?	black
28607	The woman in white shirt and black pants stretched for a bit then threw the ball .	the woman in white shirt and black pants stretched for a bit then threw what ?	ball
28609	We see two people under water in a pool .	how many people do we see under water in a pool ?	two
28610	The people exchange one flipper .	what do the people exchange ?	flipper
28610	The people exchange one flipper .	how many flipper do the people exchange ?	one
28613	The men change their air equipment .	what do the men change ?	equipment
28614	The right man is unable to find the arm hole .	who is unable to find the arm hole ?	man
28617	A woman is talking in front of an image of two deer on a plain .	who is talking in front of an image of two deer on a plain ?	woman
28619	Some booth serve hot dogs to the people as they ice fish .	what serve hot dogs to the people as they ice fish ?	booth
28619	Some booth serve hot dogs to the people as they ice fish .	what do some booth serve to the people ?	dogs
28622	The fingers are pressing the black keys .	what are the fingers pressing ?	keys
28622	The fingers are pressing the black keys .	what is the color of the keys ?	black
28623	One finger is pressing one key .	what is one finger pressing ?	key
28623	One finger is pressing one key .	how many finger is pressing one key ?	one
28625	A woman is seen speaking to the camera using her hands and leads into her kneeling down dumping a bucket .	who is seen speaking to the camera using her hands and leads into her kneeling down dumping a bucket ?	woman
28626	She then uses a rake to rub it all the dirt around the tree while still stopping to speak to the camera .	who does she then use ?	rake
28627	Two people are working out on exercise bikes .	how many people are working out on exercise bikes ?	two
28628	The one wearing a blue wig puts their hands in the air .	the one wearing what puts their hands in the air ?	wig
28628	The one wearing a blue wig puts their hands in the air .	what is the color of the wig ?	blue
28630	The exterior a store is seen from the parking lot .	what is the exterior seen from the parking lot ?	store
28631	A man sits on a wooden bench up against a window with trophies .	who sits on the wooden bench up against a window with trophies ?	man
28632	The man talks while a seated with a tattoo artist working on his shoulder .	who talks while a seated with a tattoo artist working on his shoulder ?	man
28633	The tattoo artist wipes the area that he is working on and continues drawing .	who wipes the area that he is working on and continues drawing ?	artist
28634	The tattoo artist turns off the light and stops his work .	who turns off the light and stops his work ?	artist
28635	The man stands up and shows off his tattoo .	who stands up and shows off his tattoo ?	man
28636	men are on sides of a car polishing a blue car in a hand car wash .	what is the color of the car ?	blue
28636	men are on sides of a car polishing a blue car in a hand car wash .	where are men on sides of a car polishing a blue car . ?	wash
28637	blue car is inside a blue car wash and men are polishing it .	what is inside the blue car wash and men are polishing it ?	car
28637	blue car is inside a blue car wash and men are polishing it .	what is the color of the car ?	blue
28637	blue car is inside a blue car wash and men are polishing it .	what is the color of the wash ?	blue
28638	men are holding clothes on them hands cleaning the car .	what are men holding on them hands cleaning the car ?	clothes
28639	A person is vacuuming in a hallway .	where is the person vacuuming . ?	hallway
28642	The woman gives the boy the vacuum , and he vacuums the floors .	who gives the boy the vacuum , and he vacuums the floors ?	woman
28642	The woman gives the boy the vacuum , and he vacuums the floors .	what does the woman give the boy the vacuum , and he vacuums ?	floors
28644	man and woman are talking and presenting the man that walks by the pool .	who are man and woman talking and presenting ?	man
28645	man is weightlifting and doing a big jump from a trampoline and talking to the camera .	who is weightlifting and doing the big jump from a trampoline and talking to the camera ?	man
28646	a big platfom is shown and a man is being interviewed by a woman in top of trampoline .	who is the big platfom shown and is being interviewed by a woman in top of trampoline ?	man
28648	man is on the 10 m trampoline and make a hand stand to make the jump to the pool .	who is on the 10 m trampoline and make a hand stand to make the jump to the pool ?	man
28649	woman is impressed siting by the pool and have her hands on her face .	who is impressed siting by the pool and have her hands on her face ?	woman
28650	presentator is interviewing the man .	who is presentator interviewing ?	man
28653	They race their horses , trying to get the ball .	what did they race , ?	horses
28656	One of them only has one arm and she surfs so well , its amazing .	how many arm does one of them only have ?	one
28657	They carry her over and then 4 girls stand while they get gifts for their performance and the one handed girl gets to talk about it .	they carry her over and then how many girls stand while they get gifts for their performance ?	four
28658	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
28659	A woman in a dark room plays the drums with his hand .	what does the woman in a dark room play with his hand ?	drums
28659	A woman in a dark room plays the drums with his hand .	where does the woman play the drums with his hand . ?	room
28662	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
28663	A woman is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment looking forward .	who is seen sitting on the piece of exercise equipment looking forward ?	woman
28665	The girl then pulls herself back and fourth on the machine while the camera captures her movements .	who then pulls herself back and fourth on the machine while the camera captures her movements ?	girl
28666	A man is seen moving around in slow motion while the camera captures him from several angles .	who is seen moving around in slow motion while the camera captures him from several angles ?	man
28668	He finally blow dries the man 's hair and is shown once again smiling and laughing to the camera .	he finally blow dries who hair ?	man
28669	The boy stands at the bottom of a small staircase and then he walks up to slide down the blue slide .	who stands at the bottom of a small staircase and then he walks up to slide down the blue slide ?	boy
28669	The boy stands at the bottom of a small staircase and then he walks up to slide down the blue slide .	what is the color of the slide ?	blue
28671	man is talking to the camera cleaning a wooden shed and start painting it .	who is talking to the camera cleaning a wooden shed and start painting it ?	man
28672	the man mix the paint and with a brush varnish all the shed .	what the paint and with a brush varnish all the shed ?	mix
28672	the man mix the paint and with a brush varnish all the shed .	what do the man mix and with a brush varnish all the shed ?	paint
28673	at the end the man talks to the camera and shows the materials list .	at the end who talks to the camera and shows the materials list ?	man
28674	A treadmill is shown , then a woman , using the treadmill in the living room is shown , she is wearing blue top and black shorts .	what is shown , then the woman , using the treadmill in the living room is shown , she is wearing blue top and black shorts ?	treadmill
28674	A treadmill is shown , then a woman , using the treadmill in the living room is shown , she is wearing blue top and black shorts .	where is the treadmill shown , then a woman , using the treadmill is shown , she is wearing blue top and black shorts . ?	room
28675	She adjusted the monitor , then a treadmill adjustments and meters are shown with numbers on it .	who did she adjust , then a treadmill adjustments and meters are shown with numbers on it ?	monitor
28677	A man and a dog walk in a training room .	where do the man and a dog walk . ?	room
28678	The man throws Frisbees for the dog to catch .	who throws frisbees for the dog to catch ?	man
28679	The dog stands to catch the Frisbee the leans on the man .	what stands to catch the frisbee the leans on the man ?	dog
28680	The dog jumps into the man 's arms .	what jumps into the man 's arms ?	dog
28681	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
28682	Two girls are outside in a yard .	who are outside in the yard ?	girls
28682	Two girls are outside in a yard .	how many girls are outside in the yard ?	two
28686	We see a Gelato store outside .	what do we see outside ?	store
28688	We then see a lady cooking .	who do we then see ?	cooking
28689	The lady puts gelato in a bowl .	who puts gelato in a bowl ?	lady
28689	The lady puts gelato in a bowl .	where does the lady put gelato . ?	bowl
28690	The lady puts rice crispies on it .	who puts rice crispies on it ?	lady
28690	The lady puts rice crispies on it .	what does the lady put on it ?	rice
28691	The lady puts a dome in a chocolate dome and puts a crispies circle on it .	who puts the dome in a chocolate dome and puts a crispies circle on it ?	lady
28691	The lady puts a dome in a chocolate dome and puts a crispies circle on it .	what does the lady put on it ?	circle
28692	The lady puts holes in a chocolate dome .	who puts holes in a chocolate dome ?	lady
28693	The lady sprays the domes .	who sprays the domes ?	lady
28693	The lady sprays the domes .	what does the lady spray ?	domes
28694	The lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it .	who puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it ?	lady
28694	The lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it .	what does the lady put on top of a black one ?	dome
28694	The lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it .	what did the lady put with holes on top of it ?	dome
28694	The lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it .	what is the color of the dome ?	red
28694	The lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it .	what is the color of the one ?	black
28695	The lady puts the cake in a display case .	who puts the cake in a display case ?	lady
28696	We see the closing screen .	what do we see closing ?	screen
28698	The person uses a fishing pole on the hole and attempts to pull out a fish .	what does the person use fishing on the hole ?	pole
28700	A woman is seen brushing wet hair and rubbing lotion all throughout her hair .	who is seen brushing wet hair and rubbing lotion all throughout her hair ?	woman
28704	A little boy plays piano in a home , then , he bends to the left and talks .	who plays piano in a home , then , he bends to the left and talks ?	boy
28706	The boy change clothes and continues playing the piano .	who change clothes and continues playing the piano ?	boy
28706	The boy change clothes and continues playing the piano .	what do the boy change ?	clothes
28707	A shaggy dog is getting a bath from a veterinarian .	what is getting the bath from a veterinarian ?	dog
28707	A shaggy dog is getting a bath from a veterinarian .	what is the shaggy dog getting from a veterinarian ?	bath
28708	The veterinarian is blow drying the dog after washing it .	who is blow drying the dog after washing it ?	veterinarian
28708	The veterinarian is blow drying the dog after washing it .	the veterinarian is blow drying what after washing it ?	dog
28709	A different vet is petting and brushing the dog .	who is petting and brushing the dog ?	vet
28709	A different vet is petting and brushing the dog .	what is the different vet petting and brushing ?	dog
28711	A little girl is standing in front of a kitchen sink .	who is standing in front of a kitchen sink ?	girl
28713	She is peeling potatoes with the knife .	what is she peeling with the knife ?	potatoes
28714	The two boys mock fight with the toy candy , which is shaped like a hand with retractable fingers , and the camera speeds up when they do this .	who mock fight with the toy candy , which is shaped like a hand with retractable fingers , and the camera speeds up when they do this ?	boys
28714	The two boys mock fight with the toy candy , which is shaped like a hand with retractable fingers , and the camera speeds up when they do this .	which does the two boys mock fight with the toy candy , is shaped like a hand with retractable fingers , and what speeds up when they do this ?	camera
28714	The two boys mock fight with the toy candy , which is shaped like a hand with retractable fingers , and the camera speeds up when they do this .	how many boys mock fight with the toy candy , which is shaped like a hand with retractable fingers ?	two
28715	The boys then switch toys and open the toy candy at which point they begin to eat the candy and talk while chewing .	who then switch toys and open the toy candy at which point they begin to eat the candy and talk while chewing ?	boys
28715	The boys then switch toys and open the toy candy at which point they begin to eat the candy and talk while chewing .	what do the boys then switch ?	toys
28715	The boys then switch toys and open the toy candy at which point they begin to eat the candy and talk while chewing .	what do the boys then open ?	candy
28718	The camera moves over to a little boy as he is talking to the camera person .	what moves over to the little boy as he is talking to the camera person ?	camera
28719	The camera person continues to narrate the situation as he records the fire .	what continues to narrate the situation as he records the fire ?	person
28721	They are scrubbing clothes and hanging them up while the camera pans around and watches .	what are they scrubbing and hanging them up while the camera pans around and watches ?	clothes
28724	There is another bull and they start fighting .	what is there and they start fighting ?	bull
28726	A man in a red shirt is talking into a microphone .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
28727	A man is putting a black shirt on .	who is putting the black shirt on ?	man
28727	A man is putting a black shirt on .	what is the man putting on ?	shirt
28727	A man is putting a black shirt on .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
28728	A middle age man is standing in the field preparing to hit a ball .	who is standing in the field preparing to hit a ball ?	man
28730	A man shows how to sharpen a knife with a machine .	who shows how to sharpen the knife with a machine ?	man
28733	The person continues braiding the hair and the camera pans away from her face .	what does the person continue and pans away from her face ?	camera
28736	Next , a shirtless man lays down on the dirt , gets trampled by the bull and jumps up happy about what just happened .	who does next , jump up happy about what just happened ?	man
28737	Another bull comes along , runs over a person and the person remains on the ground and a crowd of people come running over to him laying a blanket across his body .	what comes along , runs over a person and the person remains on the ground and a crowd of people come running over to him laying a blanket across his body ?	bull
28738	A young boy is seen speaking with others while wrapping ballet shoes around him and walking past others .	who is seen speaking with others while wrapping ballet shoes around him and walking past others ?	boy
28739	The man then steps into ballet class and interacts with the dancers and ends by drinking a beer .	who then steps into ballet class and interacts with the dancers and ends by drinking a beer ?	man
28742	A young boy plays with and takes ornaments off the tree and shows them to the camera .	who plays with and takes ornaments off the tree and shows them to the camera ?	boy
28743	The man take it and shows it to the camera then puts it back .	who take it and shows it to the camera then puts it back ?	man
28744	A man in a suit is playing a piano .	what is the man in a suit playing ?	piano
28747	A man in a black tank top describes cardio workout on a spin bike .	what is the color of the top ?	black
28748	The man in the black tank top mounts the spinning bike in intervals of 45 second cruise speed tension , the 15 seconds hard with tension up .	what does the man in the black tank top mount in intervals of 45 second cruise speed tension , the 15 seconds hard with tension up ?	bicycle
28748	The man in the black tank top mounts the spinning bike in intervals of 45 second cruise speed tension , the 15 seconds hard with tension up .	what is the color of the top ?	black
28750	An outdoor garden is seen and a man in tshirt stands in it holding a pair of sheers .	what is seen and the man in tshirt stands in it holding a pair of sheers ?	garden
28751	Mellons are seen throughout the garden .	who are seen throughout the garden ?	mellons
28752	The man points to the melons up against the wall and begins trimming them with his sheers throwing them to the side .	who points to the melons up against the wall and begins trimming them with his sheers throwing them to the side ?	man
28753	The man walks over to the outer edge of the melon plants and picks up a large vine in one hand then trims off leafs with the other hand .	who walks over to the outer edge of the melon plants and picks up a large vine in one hand then trims off leafs with the other hand ?	man
28754	The man does circular motions with his hands around his waste to demonstrate size .	who does circular motions with his hands around his waste to demonstrate size ?	man
28756	A painted construction paper piece sits on a table along with a suitcase of supplies .	what does construction sit on a table along with a suitcase of supplies ?	piece
28761	A ribbon is slid under the package and tied in a bow .	what is slid under the package and tied in a bow ?	ribbon
28761	A ribbon is slid under the package and tied in a bow .	where is the ribbon slid under the package and tied . ?	bow
28764	A man is talking to the camera while people play dodgeball behind him .	who is talking to the camera while people play dodgeball behind him ?	man
28767	many guys in all black stands on a grassy area with music instruments and does a sync performance in front of other people sitting on the grass watching .	what is the color of the guys ?	black
28768	the guys play the drums and do movements back and forth as they play the drums that is connected to there body .	who play the drums and do movements back and forth as they play the drums that is connected to there body ?	guys
28768	the guys play the drums and do movements back and forth as they play the drums that is connected to there body .	what do the guys play ?	drums
28769	the guys do hand movements and stomps there feet lightly as part of the performance .	who do hand movements and stomps there feet lightly as part of the performance ?	guys
28770	Two people are seen standing next to one another speaking to the camera and leads into the two performing a dance routine with one another .	how many people are seen standing next to one another speaking to the camera and leads into the two performing a dance routine with one another ?	two
28772	A man in a white shirt is talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
28774	A man shoots a bow and arrow while in the water .	who shoots the bow and arrow while in the water ?	man
28776	The man uses an extension to cut a limb off the top of the tree .	who uses an extension to cut a limb off the top of the tree ?	man
28778	The middle section is done and the horse stands still while being cut down .	what is the middle section done and stands still while being cut down ?	horse
28780	A person plays an acoustic guitar while sitting on a beige sofa in jeans and a t-shirt .	what does the person play while sitting on a beige sofa in jeans and a t-shirt ?	guitar
28781	A room is shown with an acoustic guitar lying across a beige sofa and a stone art piece in front of the sofa with rocks in it .	what is shown with an acoustic guitar lying across a beige sofa and a stone art piece in front of the sofa with rocks in it ?	room
28784	There 's a man doing a science experiment in his kitchen using a on liter Pepsi bottle that is filled with foam .	who does there 's doing a science experiment in his kitchen using a on liter pepsi bottle that is filled with foam ?	man
28785	There 's a boy laying down on the floor with his legs stretched up against the cabinet .	who does there 's laying down on the floor with his legs stretched up against the cabinet ?	boy
28786	The man is holding a hose in one hand and blowing air into the bottle simultaneously .	who is holding the hose in one hand and blowing air into the bottle simultaneously ?	man
28788	A web address is displayed on the slide .	what is displayed on the slide ?	address
28794	two women are standing on a gym arm wrestling .	who are standing on the gym arm wrestling ?	women
28794	two women are standing on a gym arm wrestling .	how many women are standing on the gym arm wrestling ?	two
28795	in te background people are standingin the gym doing exercise .	what are in te background people standingin ?	gym
28796	strong women are sitting in a chair arm wrestling .	who are sitting in the chair arm wrestling ?	women
28798	The screen switches to the man explaining his art .	what switches to the man explaining his art ?	screen
28799	We see the man 's artwork .	who do we see artwork ?	man
28800	We see the man talking again .	who do we see talking again ?	man
28802	He discusses his painting technique .	what does he discuss ?	technique
28805	He adds more paint to the brush .	what does he add to the brush ?	paint
28808	He adds white paint to the brush .	what does he add to the brush ?	paint
28808	He adds white paint to the brush .	what is the color of the paint ?	white
28811	We see the title card .	what do we see ?	card
28812	A boy is sitting in the room with three guitars and begins to play all three of them with a violin bow .	who is sitting in the room with three guitars and begins to play all three of them with a violin bow ?	boy
28813	The man then begins to play the one guitar that is on his lap with his fingers and finishes the song .	who then begins to play the one guitar that is on his lap with his fingers and finishes the song ?	man
28813	The man then begins to play the one guitar that is on his lap with his fingers and finishes the song .	how many guitar does the man then begin to play that is on his lap with his fingers ?	one
28815	Then , the woman paints flowers on the headboard of a bed .	who did then , paint flowers on the headboard of a bed ?	woman
28815	Then , the woman paints flowers on the headboard of a bed .	what did then , the woman paint on the headboard of a bed ?	flowers
28817	Then , a boy and a girl dance ballet , then a man enter and dance with the girl .	who does then , the boy and a girl dance ballet , then enter and dance with the girl ?	man
28822	The person takes a black part and adds it .	what is the color of the part ?	black
28823	The person adds a smaller black part and fastens it .	what is the color of the part ?	black
28825	Two kids are outside playing together at a playground .	who are outside playing together at the playground ?	kids
28825	Two kids are outside playing together at a playground .	how many kids are outside playing together at the playground ?	two
28826	One boy jumps off and walks to the other side as the other one begins to do the monkey bars .	who jumps off and walks to the other side as the other one begins to do the monkey bars ?	boy
28826	One boy jumps off and walks to the other side as the other one begins to do the monkey bars .	how many boy jumps off and walks to the other side as the other one begins to do the monkey bars ?	one
28828	People are driving in a car down the street .	where are people driving . ?	car
28829	A man is wake boarding in water full of berries .	who is wake boarding in water full of berries ?	man
28832	The man then rides in on the horse and ropes up a calf .	who then rides in on the horse and ropes up a calf ?	man
28833	He ties up the calf while others ride in on horses to help .	what does he tie up ?	calf
28839	Various athletes are seen standing ready while one jumps in place and prepares himself .	who are seen standing ready while one jumps in place and prepares himself ?	athletes
28841	A man holds a white fag up while the athlete celebrates and his jump and people 's reactions in the audience are shown again .	who holds the white fag up while the athlete celebrates and his jump and people 's reactions in the audience are shown again ?	man
28841	A man holds a white fag up while the athlete celebrates and his jump and people 's reactions in the audience are shown again .	who does the man hold and his jump and people 's reactions in the audience are shown again ?	fag
28841	A man holds a white fag up while the athlete celebrates and his jump and people 's reactions in the audience are shown again .	what is the color of the fag ?	white
28842	A man in a little kayak type of of boat is paddling the boat .	what is the man in a little kayak type of of boat paddling ?	boat
28843	He is sitting by himself in it because it 's so small it only fits one person really .	how many person is he sitting by himself in it because it 's so small it only fits really ?	one
28846	A woman is standing outside in front of a building .	who is standing outside in front of a building ?	woman
28852	A man sits on a stationary bike on a stage and starts working out .	who sits on the stationary bike on a stage and starts working out ?	man
28853	He sticks one leg up to the side .	how many leg does he stick up to the side ?	one
28858	The other swimmers get to the finish line .	who get to the finish line ?	swimmers
28862	A toddler climbs the steps of a playground .	who climbs the steps of a playground ?	toddler
28863	Then , the boy slides down until to reach the ground .	who does then , slide down until to reach the ground ?	boy
28867	A lady is filming a girl and a boy who are outdoors at a park playground .	who is filming the girl and a boy who are outdoors at a park playground ?	lady
28868	The young girl hangs an goes across the monkey bars using her arms while the young boy stands behind rails and watches .	who hangs an goes across the monkey bars using her arms while the young boy stands behind rails and watches ?	girl
28871	A bike is seen upside down in a shop .	what is seen upside down in the shop ?	bicycle
28871	A bike is seen upside down in a shop .	where is the bike seen . ?	shop
28872	A man shows how to remove a tire .	who shows how to remove the tire ?	man
28874	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of them skiing .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of them skiing ?	man
28877	A group of girls on a rope jumping team do a routine in a large music hall .	where is the group of girls on a rope jumping team do a routine . ?	hall
28878	A group of girls jump rope individually .	what do the group of girls jump individually ?	rope
28879	Three girls jump rope with two holding a single rope on each end .	who jump rope with two holding a single rope on each end ?	girls
28879	Three girls jump rope with two holding a single rope on each end .	what do three girls jump with two ?	rope
28879	Three girls jump rope with two holding a single rope on each end .	how many girls jump rope with two holding a single rope on each end ?	three
28880	Three girls jump together inside of a single rope .	who jump together inside of the single rope ?	girls
28880	Three girls jump together inside of a single rope .	how many girls jump together inside of the single rope ?	three
28881	A group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope .	what do the group of girls hold ?	ropes
28881	A group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope .	what do the group of girls jump ?	rope
28881	A group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope .	how many ropes do the group of girls hold ?	two
28882	A man is seen moving in slow motion holding a tennis racket and throwing a ball up into the air .	who is seen moving in slow motion holding a tennis racket and throwing a ball up into the air ?	man
28884	A bicycle elliptical machine is sitting in living room by a couch .	what is sitting in living room by a couch ?	machine
28885	A dog appears on the couch and suddenly a person sits on the machine and turns it on .	what appears on the couch and suddenly a person sits on the machine and turns it on ?	dog
28887	The man in black shirt added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side , then continue weight lifting .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
28887	The man in black shirt added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side , then continue weight lifting .	what is the color of the plates ?	yellow
28889	The child grabs it as if to smoke only to have it pulled away .	who grabs it as if to smoke only to have it pulled away ?	child
28890	The child is then able to stick it in his own mouth but does n't know what to do .	who is then able to stick it in his own mouth but does n't know what to do ?	child
28891	He ends up sticking it back into the adults mouth and the adult continues to smoke from the hookah pipe .	who does he end up and continues to smoke from the hookah pipe ?	adult
28892	Business details are written in white text on a black background .	what is the color of the text ?	white
28892	Business details are written in white text on a black background .	what is the color of the background ?	black
28893	Men wearing jackets pressure wash a white car in a parking lot .	what is the color of the car ?	white
28894	Two men wash a black SUV with a pressure washing hose .	what do two men wash with a pressure washing hose ?	suv
28894	Two men wash a black SUV with a pressure washing hose .	how many men wash the black suv with a pressure washing hose ?	two
28894	Two men wash a black SUV with a pressure washing hose .	what is the color of the suv ?	black
28895	Men wash a white car using hand towels .	what do men wash using hand towels ?	car
28895	Men wash a white car using hand towels .	men wash a white car using what ?	towels
28895	Men wash a white car using hand towels .	what is the color of the car ?	white
28900	The boat tips over at one point when another boat comes by and falls over as well .	what over at one point when another boat comes by and falls over as well ?	tips
28901	woman is sitting on a couch with a cat on her legs , he grab a scisoors from the table next to her and starts cutting the front cat nails .	who is sitting on the couch with a cat on her legs , he grab a scisoors from the table next to her and starts cutting the front cat nails ?	woman
28902	she looks his back paws and gave her cat some cat food .	what does she look ?	paws
28902	she looks his back paws and gave her cat some cat food .	what did she give her cat ?	food
28903	the girl congratlate the cat and put him on the floor .	who congratlate the cat and put him on the floor ?	girl
28903	the girl congratlate the cat and put him on the floor .	what do the girl congratlate ?	cat
28906	man is welding a metal machine in a room .	who is welding the metal machine in a room ?	man
28906	man is welding a metal machine in a room .	where is man welding a metal machine . ?	room
28907	man is talknig to the camera and is holding an emery in a machine room .	who is talknig to the camera and is holding an emery in a machine room ?	man
28907	man is talknig to the camera and is holding an emery in a machine room .	where is man holding an emery . ?	room
28908	A man kisses a girl on the beach .	who kisses the girl on the beach ?	man
28909	People are playing rock paper scissors on the beach .	what are people playing on the beach ?	scissors
28910	A man in a black shirt is standing on the beach .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
28911	A man plugs a cable into his guitar .	who plugs the cable into his guitar ?	man
28918	A woman is in a kitchen , stirring food in a pot .	who is in the kitchen , stirring food in a pot ?	woman
28918	A woman is in a kitchen , stirring food in a pot .	where is the woman , stirring food in a pot . ?	kitchen
28922	The man then begins playing the instrument while the camera captures is movements .	who then begins playing the instrument while the camera captures is movements ?	man
28923	The man continues to play moving his hands all along the instrument and finally turning the camera off .	who continues to play moving his hands all along the instrument and finally turning the camera off ?	man
28924	A man is looking all over for his dog .	who is looking all over for his dog ?	man
28925	He said he paid his dog 10 dollars to cut the grass and now he 's gone .	how many dollars did he say he paid his dog to cut the grass ?	ten
28926	He finally finds the dog who is driving the riding lawn mower .	what does he finally find ?	dog
28927	According to the owner , the dog is asking for a raise .	what is according to the owner , asking for a raise ?	dog
28929	Two kids are seen holding poles with another man and playing a game of shuffle board on a mat .	who are seen holding poles with another man and playing a game of shuffle board on a mat ?	kids
28929	Two kids are seen holding poles with another man and playing a game of shuffle board on a mat .	how many kids are seen holding poles with another man and playing a game of shuffle board on a mat ?	two
28930	The kids push the puck around back and fourth while walking around one another and ends with a woman stepping into frame and a close up of the young boy .	who push the puck around back and fourth while walking around one another and ends with a woman stepping into frame and a close up of the young boy ?	kids
28930	The kids push the puck around back and fourth while walking around one another and ends with a woman stepping into frame and a close up of the young boy .	who do the kids push around back and fourth while walking around one another ?	puck
28931	A camera pans around a building as well as people inside posing for pictures and putting fencing gear on .	what pans around the building as well as people inside posing for pictures and putting fencing gear on ?	camera
28932	More clips are shown of fencing objects , people watching on the sides , and others getting ready to fence .	what are shown of fencing objects , people watching on the sides , and others getting ready to fence ?	clips
28933	Several clips are then shown of two people fencing each other with a woman reffing on the sides and people watching on the sides .	what are then shown of two people fencing each other with a woman reffing on the sides and people watching on the sides ?	clips
28934	A man is practicing in front of a mirror in a studio while another watches .	who is practicing in front of a mirror in a studio while another watches ?	man
28939	The man turns around and performs a back flip off of the board into the water .	who turns around and performs the back flip off of the board into the water ?	man
28940	A lady dances around on an aerobic stair in a fitness gym .	who dances around on an aerobic stair in a fitness gym ?	lady
28941	The lady spins off of the step .	who spins off of the step ?	lady
28942	The lady touches her toes to the step .	who touches her toes to the step ?	lady
28943	The lady repeats the routine repeatedly .	who repeats the routine repeatedly ?	lady
28944	The lady steps off of her step in front of it and looks at the camera .	who steps off of her step in front of it and looks at the camera ?	lady
28945	An older woman throws a white ball towards a green cup .	who throws the white ball towards a green cup ?	woman
28945	An older woman throws a white ball towards a green cup .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
28945	An older woman throws a white ball towards a green cup .	what is the color of the cup ?	green
28946	A young boy gives her back the ball .	who gives her back the ball ?	boy
28946	A young boy gives her back the ball .	what does the young boy give her back ?	ball
28947	The woman throws the ball again .	who throws the ball again ?	woman
28947	The woman throws the ball again .	what does the woman throw again ?	ball
28949	She again throws the white ball .	what does she again throw ?	ball
28949	She again throws the white ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
28950	The young boy hands the woman the ball and she throws it again .	who hands the woman the ball and she throws it again ?	boy
28954	The rafters maneuver through a concrete structure .	what maneuver through the concrete structure ?	rafters
28957	A light blue screen appears and it has multiple blue words that are not in English and they 're scrolling from bottom to top .	what appears and it has multiple blue words that are not in english and they 're scrolling from bottom to top ?	screen
28957	A light blue screen appears and it has multiple blue words that are not in English and they 're scrolling from bottom to top .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
28957	A light blue screen appears and it has multiple blue words that are not in English and they 're scrolling from bottom to top .	what is the color of the words ?	blue
28959	A coach is training a boy and a girl to do kickboxing .	who is training the boy and a girl to do kickboxing ?	coach
28960	There is a woman standing in a purple shirt , filming the coach teach the kids .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
28961	Both the girl and the boy are taking turns in returning the punches and kicks to the coach .	what are both the girl and the boy taking in returning the punches ?	turns
28962	The coach is encouraging the students to constantly punch and return the kicks .	who is encouraging the students to constantly punch and return the kicks ?	coach
28962	The coach is encouraging the students to constantly punch and return the kicks .	who is the coach encouraging ?	students
28964	The kids kick their feet around and show one instructor helping a child .	who kick their feet around and show one instructor helping a child ?	kids
28964	The kids kick their feet around and show one instructor helping a child .	who do the kids show ?	instructor
28964	The kids kick their feet around and show one instructor helping a child .	how many instructor do the kids show helping a child ?	one
28965	The man continues to swim around the pool with children and close ups of children .	who continues to swim around the pool with children and close ups of children ?	man
28966	A little boy is pushing a mop .	who is pushing the mop ?	boy
28966	A little boy is pushing a mop .	what is the little boy pushing ?	mop
28967	He closes an oven door that is open .	what does he close ?	door
28969	He picks the mop up and puts it in the air .	what does he pick up ?	mop
28972	Several skiers are skiing down the slopes on the side of a mountain .	who are skiing down the slopes on the side of a mountain ?	skiers
28975	He shows off his bike as well as camera and leads into several clips of him riding around .	what does he show off as well as camera ?	bicycle
28975	He shows off his bike as well as camera and leads into several clips of him riding around .	what does he show off his bike as well as ?	camera
28977	A young man is seen playing a single drum standing next to a group of people also drumming .	who is seen playing the single drum standing next to a group of people also drumming ?	man
28978	The boy continues drumming with the group and the camera pans around to people watching on the sides .	who continues drumming with the group and the camera pans around to people watching on the sides ?	boy
28978	The boy continues drumming with the group and the camera pans around to people watching on the sides .	what does the boy continue and pans around to people watching on the sides ?	camera
28979	A man is shown in several shots riding around on a skateboard .	who is shown in several shots riding around on a skateboard ?	man
28984	He jumps off his horse and ties the calf .	what does he jump off ?	horse
28984	He jumps off his horse and ties the calf .	what does he tie ?	calf
28985	A man is standing on a elliptical working out .	who is standing on the elliptical working out ?	man
28988	Three kids are seen standing out in front of a house when one plays hop scotch to a person coming in frame .	who are seen standing out in front of a house when one plays hop scotch to a person coming in frame ?	kids
28988	Three kids are seen standing out in front of a house when one plays hop scotch to a person coming in frame .	how many kids are seen standing out in front of a house when one plays hop scotch to a person coming in frame ?	three
28989	The camera follows the same girl hopping down a long path and continuing her way back to where she started .	what follows the same girl hopping down a long path and continuing her way back to where she started ?	camera
28989	The camera follows the same girl hopping down a long path and continuing her way back to where she started .	who does the camera follow hopping down a long path and continuing her way back to where she started ?	girl
28990	A young man is sitting in his room .	who is sitting in his room ?	man
28990	A young man is sitting in his room .	where is the young man sitting . ?	room
28991	The young man started to play his guitar .	who started to play his guitar ?	man
28992	The young man is moving his fingers as he press the threads on the guitar .	who is moving his fingers as he press the threads on the guitar ?	man
28993	The man quickly only hits the small bongos and then moves onto the big bongos going from his right to his left .	who quickly only hits the small bongos and then moves onto the big bongos going from his right to his left ?	man
28993	The man quickly only hits the small bongos and then moves onto the big bongos going from his right to his left .	the man quickly only hits what ?	bongos
28994	On the return back going from his left to his right , he hits only the large bongos first , then hits the smaller bongos .	what is on the return back going from his left to his right , he hits first , then hits the smaller bongos ?	bongos
28994	On the return back going from his left to his right , he hits only the large bongos first , then hits the smaller bongos .	what is on the return back going from his left to his right , he hits only the large bongos first , then hits ?	bongos
28997	A woman in bed is laughing as she falls onto her own bed , still smoking .	where is the woman laughing as she falls onto her own bed , still smoking . ?	bed
28998	man is standing in front of a table chopping vegetables and preparing a sandwich , he put in a bread butter cheese , avoado , and ham and a rolled sandwich .	who is standing in front of a table chopping vegetables and preparing a sandwich , he put in a bread butter cheese , avoado , and ham and a rolled sandwich ?	man
28999	A man in a blue coat is talking outside by a rock .	what is the color of the coat ?	blue
29000	He is wearing a rock climbing harness .	what is he wearing climbing harness ?	rock
29004	Two people are seen riding down a hill with one on skis and the other on a sled .	how many people are seen riding down the hill with one on skis and the other on a sled ?	two
29007	A young boy is seen swimming around with another person standing in the water .	who is seen swimming around with another person standing in the water ?	boy
29008	The boy continues to swim around with the other people as well as do flips under the water .	who continues to swim around with the other people as well as do flips under the water ?	boy
29009	The kids move under and over the water while the camera continues to follow them .	who move under and over the water while the camera continues to follow them ?	kids
29010	A man sings a song with someone plays an accordion in a restaurant .	who sings the song with someone plays an accordion in a restaurant ?	man
29010	A man sings a song with someone plays an accordion in a restaurant .	where does the man sing a song with someone plays an accordion . ?	restaurant
29011	The man playing accordion breaks his instrument in half .	what breaks his instrument in half ?	accordion
29011	The man playing accordion breaks his instrument in half .	what does the man playing accordion break in half ?	instrument
29013	A little boy is standing at the parking lot , he is not wearing a shirt , he talked to the camera .	who is standing at the parking lot , he is not wearing a shirt , he talked to the camera ?	boy
29013	A little boy is standing at the parking lot , he is not wearing a shirt , he talked to the camera .	what is the little boy standing at the parking lot , he is not wearing , he talked to the camera ?	shirt
29016	A guy is half kneeing on a gym floor .	who is half kneeing on the gym floor ?	guy
29017	The guy starts pressing a weight in one hand .	who starts pressing the weight in one hand ?	guy
29018	A man talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	man
29019	The man walks towards a children 's playground .	who walks towards the children 's playground ?	man
29020	The man hangs from mounted bar type devices in the playground .	who hangs from mounted bar type devices in the playground ?	man
29021	The man dismounts and walks back to the camera .	who dismounts and walks back to the camera ?	man
29022	A man speaks to a camera .	who speaks to the camera ?	man
29023	Another man shaves his face that is covered with shaving cream .	who shaves his face that is covered with shaving cream ?	man
29024	The man shaves part of his neck .	who shaves part of his neck ?	man
29025	The man 's razor is covered with shaving cream so he rinses the razor with water .	who razor is covered with shaving cream so he rinses the razor with water ?	man
29025	The man 's razor is covered with shaving cream so he rinses the razor with water .	what is covered with shaving cream so he rinses the razor with water ?	razor
29026	The man speaks to the camera again .	who speaks to the camera again ?	man
29027	The shaving man again shaves part of his cheek area .	who again shaves part of his cheek area ?	man
29028	The man returns to speak to the camera .	who returns to speak to the camera ?	man
29030	The man continues to speak to the camera .	who continues to speak to the camera ?	man
29031	The shaving man shaves more towards his chin , including his upper cheek .	who shaves more towards his chin , including his upper cheek ?	man
29032	The man speaks some more to the camera .	who speaks some more to the camera ?	man
29033	A man is sitting behind two congas with one shoulder rolled up .	who is sitting behind two congas with one shoulder rolled up ?	man
29036	A man shuffles a deck of cards and deals them .	who shuffles the deck of cards and deals them ?	man
29037	Four aces are shown face up on the table .	how many aces are shown face up on the table ?	four
29038	A man sits at a table and plays blackjack .	who sits at the table and plays blackjack ?	man
29038	A man sits at a table and plays blackjack .	what does the man play ?	blackjack
29041	A man makes a bicycle kick in the sand .	who makes the bicycle kick in the sand ?	man
29043	Teammates call from the bench and cheer .	who call from the bench and cheer ?	teammates
29044	Two army men in the their uniforms are tied together and pulling each other in opposite direction as part of their training .	how many army men in the their uniforms are tied together and pulling each other in opposite direction as part of their training ?	two
29047	The man in blue shirt is strumming the drum in front of him .	what is the man in blue shirt strumming in front of him ?	drum
29047	The man in blue shirt is strumming the drum in front of him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
29048	The young man strum the drum in front of him then the next drum .	who strum the drum in front of him then the next drum ?	man
29048	The young man strum the drum in front of him then the next drum .	what do the young man strum the drum in front of him then ?	drum
29049	The young man strum the drums in front of him .	who strum the drums in front of him ?	man
29049	The young man strum the drums in front of him .	what do the young man strum in front of him ?	drums
29051	The girl is then shown in a sparkly leotard inside of a gymnasium .	who is then shown in the sparkly leotard inside of a gymnasium ?	girl
29054	A man in a red shirt holds onto a disc and skates down the ice .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
29056	A little girl performs holding on the rings .	who performs holding on the rings ?	girl
29057	A boy stands next a man , then he raise a hand and walks to perform on the parallel bards .	who stands next a man , then he raise a hand and walks to perform on the parallel bards ?	boy
29057	A boy stands next a man , then he raise a hand and walks to perform on the parallel bards .	who does the boy stand , then he raise a hand and walks to perform on the parallel bards ?	man
29058	The boy swing on the bars , and then jumps on the mat .	who swing on the bars , and then jumps on the mat ?	boy
29060	An aesthetician is talking about skin care routines and giving tips on how to keep facial skin clean .	who is talking about skin care routines and giving tips on how to keep facial skin clean ?	aesthetician
29062	Three girls exercise inside a house .	who exercise inside the house ?	girls
29062	Three girls exercise inside a house .	how many girls exercise inside the house ?	three
29063	The girls dance while jumping , spinning and moving the hips .	who dance while jumping , spinning and moving the hips ?	girls
29064	Then , the girls one by one thrown to the ground , then stand and continue dancing .	who do then , stand and continue dancing ?	girls
29066	Two dogs are walking on the sidewalk attached by a rope .	what are walking on the sidewalk attached by a rope ?	dogs
29066	Two dogs are walking on the sidewalk attached by a rope .	how many dogs are walking on the sidewalk attached by a rope ?	two
29067	Two people are walking on the sidewalk next to them .	how many people are walking on the sidewalk next to them ?	two
29068	One of the people is carrying a water bottle .	what is one of the people carrying ?	bottle
29069	A man demonstrates how to wash the underbody of a car .	who demonstrates how to wash the underbody of a car ?	man
29070	A car is shown going through a commercial wash .	what is shown going through the commercial wash ?	car
29072	A woman is seen talking to people out in public followed by a man washing his mouth out and kissing another girl .	who is seen talking to people out in public followed by a man washing his mouth out and kissing another girl ?	woman
29077	The man holds his arms out .	who holds his arms out ?	man
29080	We see the ending screen with Ellen on it .	what do we see with ellen on it ?	screen
29081	A man is skiin on a slope , quickly .	who is skiin on the slope , quickly ?	man
29083	The man continues until he is finished , then removes himself to the board and joins other skiers at the resting spot .	who continues until he is finished , then removes himself to the board and joins other skiers at the resting spot ?	man
29085	A person is blowing leaves with a leaf blower .	what is the person blowing with a leaf blower ?	leaves
29087	A woman is skating down a sidewalk outside .	who is skating down the sidewalk outside ?	woman
29090	Two young girls are seen kneeling before a tub while speaking to the camera .	who are seen kneeling before the tub while speaking to the camera ?	girls
29090	Two young girls are seen kneeling before a tub while speaking to the camera .	how many young girls are seen kneeling before the tub while speaking to the camera ?	two
29091	The girls hold up a product and measure it out followed by putting it into their mouths and swishing it around .	who hold up the product and measure it out followed by putting it into their mouths and swishing it around ?	girls
29091	The girls hold up a product and measure it out followed by putting it into their mouths and swishing it around .	what do the girls hold up ?	product
29092	The girls then spit out the liquid and continue to speak to the camera .	who then spit out the liquid and continue to speak to the camera ?	girls
29093	A young man solves a cube puzzle while a man stand on front him .	who solves the cube puzzle while a man stand on front him ?	man
29093	A young man solves a cube puzzle while a man stand on front him .	what does the young man solve ?	puzzle
29094	Then , a man writes on a paper and shows the young man .	then , who writes on the paper and shows the young man ?	man
29094	Then , a man writes on a paper and shows the young man .	who does then , the man show ?	man
29095	The young man solves again the puzzle is less time , and the man takes note .	who solves again the puzzle is less time , and the man takes note ?	man
29096	After the young man solves again two times the puzzle in less time .	how many times does after the young man solve the puzzle in less time ?	two
29098	A young girl is sitting in a chair , awaiting nervously .	who is sitting in the chair , awaiting nervously ?	girl
29098	A young girl is sitting in a chair , awaiting nervously .	where is the young girl sitting , awaiting nervously . ?	chair
29099	The piercing artist paints a dot above her lip .	who paints the dot above her lip ?	artist
29103	The girl looks into a mirror handed to her by the piercing artist and looks pleased .	who looks into the mirror handed to her by the piercing artist and looks pleased ?	girl
29104	A child is seen turning on a faucet and begins washes dishes in a sink .	who is seen turning on the faucet and begins washes dishes in a sink ?	child
29104	A child is seen turning on a faucet and begins washes dishes in a sink .	what does the child begin in a sink ?	dishes
29104	A child is seen turning on a faucet and begins washes dishes in a sink .	where does the child begin washes dishes . ?	sink
29105	The child turns the water off an on again while scrubbing the dishes and another person walking in to help .	who turns the water off an on again while scrubbing the dishes and another person walking in to help ?	child
29106	cherleader team wearing purple uniforms are doing a choreography on the middle of a wooden court .	cherleader team wearing what are doing a choreography on the middle of a wooden court ?	uniforms
29106	cherleader team wearing purple uniforms are doing a choreography on the middle of a wooden court .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	purple
29109	We see a girl preparing to dive in an indoor pool .	who do we see preparing to dive in an indoor pool ?	girl
29110	The girl jumps and stands looking scared of the height .	who jumps and stands looking scared of the height ?	girl
29111	The girl turns and dives into the water .	who turns and dives into the water ?	girl
29112	The girl surfaces and swims to the edge of the pool .	who surfaces and swims to the edge of the pool ?	girl
29117	Scuba divers are shown swimming deep into the water exploring what is around .	who are shown swimming deep into the water exploring what is around ?	divers
29118	Two men are next to the table wearing blue shirts and welding helmets .	how many men are next to the table wearing blue shirts and welding helmets ?	two
29119	The man is holding a welding machine and working on a metal that causes sparks , next to him is another man watching closely on the metal .	who is holding the welding machine and working on a metal that causes sparks , next to him is another man watching closely on the metal ?	man
29119	The man is holding a welding machine and working on a metal that causes sparks , next to him is another man watching closely on the metal .	what is the man holding welding and working on a metal that causes sparks , next to him is another man watching closely on the metal ?	machine
29121	A gymnast stands nervously awaiting her start .	who stands nervously awaiting her start ?	gymnast
29124	She jumps off the bar and lands on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
29125	A person 's car is shown from several angles with a person inside and leads into the car driving with people inside .	what is shown from several angles with a person inside and leads into the car driving with people inside ?	car
29128	A man is at a mound , spinning a disc around in circles .	who is at the mound , spinning a disc around in circles ?	man
29132	The winner stands with his trophy , shaking hands of people who walk up to him .	who stands with his trophy , shaking hands of people who walk up to him ?	winner
29133	Various clips are shown of people playing lacrosse followed by a man holding the stick and speaking to the camera .	what are shown of people playing lacrosse followed by a man holding the stick and speaking to the camera ?	clips
29134	He moves the stick all around demonstrating how to properly play .	what does he move all around demonstrating how to properly play ?	stick
29135	A little girl kicks a big pink ball to her mother , who catches it and kicks it back .	who kicks the big pink ball to her mother , who catches it and kicks it back ?	girl
29135	A little girl kicks a big pink ball to her mother , who catches it and kicks it back .	what does the little girl kick to her mother , who catches it and kicks it back ?	ball
29136	They continue kicking and throwing the ball to each other , and a man joins in .	who do they continue , and joins in ?	man
29137	The little girl chases down the ball , bringing it back .	who chases down the ball , bringing it back ?	girl
29138	A female gymnast jumps onto a balance beam and do many tricks and flips and lands back on her feet .	who jumps onto the balance beam and do many tricks and flips and lands back on her feet ?	gymnast
29138	A female gymnast jumps onto a balance beam and do many tricks and flips and lands back on her feet .	the female gymnast jumps onto a balance beam and do many tricks and flips and what back on her feet ?	lands
29139	the gymnast does two nice back flips back to back while keeping her balance and landing prefect on her feet .	who does two nice back flips back to back while keeping her balance and landing prefect on her feet ?	gymnast
29139	the gymnast does two nice back flips back to back while keeping her balance and landing prefect on her feet .	how many nice back does the gymnast do flips back to back while keeping her balance and landing prefect on her feet ?	two
29140	finally the female gymnast finishes with a high twice flip off the balance beam in the air and lands on the mat prefect .	who does finally finish with the high twice flip off the balance beam in the air and lands on the mat prefect ?	gymnast
29141	The man is touching , holding and showing the camera a closer look of the sharpener .	who is touching , holding and showing the camera a closer look of the sharpener ?	man
29142	Women are holding a ball and spinning around before throwing it onto the field .	what are women holding and spinning around before throwing it onto the field ?	ball
29143	A man in a red shirt is holding a broom .	what is the man in a red shirt holding ?	broom
29143	A man in a red shirt is holding a broom .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
29145	Several images of a bald man bowling are shown and then he appears and throws a curve ball .	what are several images of a bald man bowling shown and then he appears and throws ?	ball
29150	The big dog then leads the little dog around on a leash .	what then leads the little dog around on a leash ?	dog
29150	The big dog then leads the little dog around on a leash .	what does the big dog then lead around on a leash ?	dog
29152	A screen pops up with several websites and social media addresses .	what pops up with several websites and social media addresses ?	screen
29156	There are screen text that mentions how the hair looks six hours later .	that are there screen text mentions how the hair looks how many hours later ?	six
29158	A waterfall appears on screen next to a river with the title `` H20 Adventures Savegre River '' overlaid .	what appears on screen next to a river with the title `` h20 adventures savegre river '' overlaid ?	waterfall
29159	A group of people walk across a red suspension walking bridge above the river .	what is the color of the suspension ?	red
29164	The screen goes completely black after the credits end .	what goes completely black after the credits end ?	screen
29166	They lob the ball back and forth over the net .	what do they lob back and forth over the net ?	ball
29167	They hit the ball back to each other .	what did they hit back to each other ?	ball
29168	Two men alternatively dance on the street while pedestrian and road traffic pass by .	how many men alternatively dance on the street while pedestrian and road traffic pass by ?	two
29169	Two women stop to watch the dancers .	who stop to watch the dancers ?	women
29169	Two women stop to watch the dancers .	how many women stop to watch the dancers ?	two
29171	A boy is inside an outdoor net .	who is inside an outdoor net ?	boy
29174	A boy dancing on the front of a book with describing credits .	who is dancing on the front of a book with describing credits ?	boy
29175	The boy is sitting in an empty room talking about his dance moves .	who is sitting in an empty room talking about his dance moves ?	boy
29176	Next the boy starts with same move but moves quicker .	next who starts with same move but moves quicker ?	boy
29177	The instructions to practice are shown as the boy is dancing in the almost empty room .	where are the instructions to practice shown as the boy is dancing . ?	room
29179	The trees are shown above the water .	what are shown above the water ?	trees
29180	A man puts his hands behind his head .	who puts his hands behind his head ?	man
29182	The kids get stuck in the center , but they free and drive .	who get stuck in the center , but they free and drive ?	kids
29183	A woman push a stroller in the street .	who push the stroller in the street ?	woman
29183	A woman push a stroller in the street .	where do the woman push a stroller . ?	street
29185	The children gets off the bumper cars and walk to the exit .	who gets off the bumper cars and walk to the exit ?	children
29185	The children gets off the bumper cars and walk to the exit .	what does the children get off ?	cars
29187	Then , two men brush the floor on front the heavy ball without touching it .	what does then , two men brush the floor on front without touching it ?	ball
29187	Then , two men brush the floor on front the heavy ball without touching it .	how many men does then , brush the floor on front the heavy ball without touching it ?	two
29189	The yellow ball reaches the center of the red circle .	what reaches the center of the red circle ?	ball
29189	The yellow ball reaches the center of the red circle .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
29189	The yellow ball reaches the center of the red circle .	what is the color of the circle ?	red
29190	A man is wearing a red hat and sunglasses .	who is wearing the red hat and sunglasses ?	man
29190	A man is wearing a red hat and sunglasses .	what is the color of the hat ?	red
29192	He makes a bulls eye on the dart board .	what does he make on the dart board ?	eye
29195	A man sits at a table and a woman moves a box from him .	who sits at the table and a woman moves a box from him ?	man
29197	The timer continues as he solves the cube .	what continues as he solves the cube ?	timer
29198	two men are standing in a sailing boat in sea .	how many men are standing in the sailing boat in sea ?	two
29199	man is standing in a dock wearing a red bull shirt and then is in the saillboat .	who is standing in the dock wearing a red bull shirt and then is in the saillboat ?	man
29199	man is standing in a dock wearing a red bull shirt and then is in the saillboat .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
29200	dolphins are swimming next to the boat .	what are swimming next to the boat ?	dolphins
29202	A man is kneeling on the ice with another beside hide pulling string out of a hole .	who is kneeling on the ice with another beside hide pulling string out of a hole ?	man
29204	He places the hook near the hole but the man grabs a fish on a string .	who does he place the hook near the hole but grabs a fish on a string ?	man
29205	The fish flops around and the man grabs the fish and holds him up .	what flops around and the man grabs the fish and holds him up ?	fish
29205	The fish flops around and the man grabs the fish and holds him up .	who does the fish flop around and grabs the fish and holds him up ?	man
29205	The fish flops around and the man grabs the fish and holds him up .	what does the fish flop around and the man grabs and holds him up ?	fish
29206	A man sits in a room laughing .	who sits in the room laughing ?	man
29207	The man joins a woman and man at a table eating .	who joins the woman and man at a table eating ?	man
29208	The man sees a bobble doll and pushes it .	who sees the bobble doll and pushes it ?	man
29209	The man hits the doll and bounces a ball around the room knocking all the food off the table and making a mess .	who hits the doll and bounces a ball around the room knocking all the food off the table and making a mess ?	man
29209	The man hits the doll and bounces a ball around the room knocking all the food off the table and making a mess .	what does the man bounce around the room knocking all the food off the table and making a mess ?	ball
29210	The people laugh and the man cleans up and creates a whirlpool in the well which breaks and he ball smashes walls .	which does the people laugh and the man create a whirlpool in the well breaks and he what ?	walls
29211	The man works out in a field .	who works out in the field ?	man
29213	A group of people are on rafts , white water rafting through rocky waters .	what is the color of the water ?	white
29216	A reporter reports on a story about amputees and non amputees using replacement limbs with advanced technology or as leg extenders and performance enhancers for non amputees .	who reports on the story about amputees and non amputees using replacement limbs with advanced technology or as leg extenders and performance enhancers for non amputees ?	reporter
29217	A reporter sits at a reporters table during a news broadcast before the clip cuts to people wearing limb replacement technology .	who sits at the reporters table during a news broadcast before the clip cuts to people wearing limb replacement technology ?	reporter
29218	Several clips of men who are not amputees wearing amputee extender legs are shown with the subjects running and bounced in the street .	who are several clips of men not amputees wearing amputee extender legs are shown with the subjects running and bounced where . ?	street
29220	The man continues speaking to the camera and leads into clips of a boy arm wrestling and another man holding up his arm .	who continues speaking to the camera and leads into clips of a boy arm wrestling and another man holding up his arm ?	man
29223	As he continues , he grabs a beanie and puts it on his hand to make him turn easier .	what does , he grab ?	beanie
29224	The man then does the twist continuously and shows off the cricket position before returning to talk again .	who then does the twist continuously and shows off the cricket position before returning to talk again ?	man
29226	We see a dog , and a man with a selfie stick carrying a snowboard .	what do we see , and a man with a selfie stick carrying a snowboard ?	dog
29227	The man is snowboarding and holding the selfie stick .	who is snowboarding and holding the selfie stick ?	man
29227	The man is snowboarding and holding the selfie stick .	what is the man snowboarding and holding ?	stick
29228	The man is playing with the dog , and we see the dog close up .	who is playing with the dog , and we see the dog close up ?	man
29228	The man is playing with the dog , and we see the dog close up .	what is the man playing with the dog , and we see close up ?	dog
29229	The man is snowboarding downhill .	who is snowboarding downhill ?	man
29232	The man mounts the board and snowboards before putting it in his truck .	who mounts the board and snowboards before putting it in his truck ?	man
29233	We see the Gopro screen .	what do we see ?	screen
29235	Eventually two men chug a beer followed down a line of more men drinking their beer .	how many men do eventually chug the beer followed down a line of more men drinking their beer ?	two
29236	The men finish their beers and laugh and applaud one another while many watch on the sides .	what do the men finish ?	beers
29237	Several individuals are in the water playing a game and the man throws an orange ball to a person .	who are several individuals in the water playing a game and throws an orange ball to a person ?	man
29237	Several individuals are in the water playing a game and the man throws an orange ball to a person .	what are several individuals in the water playing a game and the man throws to a person ?	ball
29237	Several individuals are in the water playing a game and the man throws an orange ball to a person .	what is the color of the ball ?	orange
29240	A man is sitting down next to a desk where a fitness equipment piece is placed .	who is sitting down next to the desk where a fitness equipment piece is placed ?	man
29241	The man shows off the pedals of the equipment as well as a timer on the equipment .	who shows off the pedals of the equipment as well as a timer on the equipment ?	man
29242	A woman is seen walking on the equipment .	who is seen walking on the equipment ?	woman
29243	A man pulls the fitness equipment from under a desk .	who pulls the fitness equipment from under a desk ?	man
29243	A man pulls the fitness equipment from under a desk .	what does the man pull from under a desk ?	equipment
29244	The man is seen by the desk again , talking about the fitness equipment .	who is seen by the desk again , talking about the fitness equipment ?	man
29245	A screenshot of a woman wearing a blue jumpsuit is standing in a pose holding two batons and white words on the middle of the screen say `` 2 Baton Nicole '' .	what is the color of the jumpsuit ?	blue
29245	A screenshot of a woman wearing a blue jumpsuit is standing in a pose holding two batons and white words on the middle of the screen say `` 2 Baton Nicole '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
29246	Almost to the end of her routine the woman drops the baton twice , picks them up and continues to do her routine until the end .	almost to the end of her routine who drops the baton twice , picks them up and continues to do her routine until the end ?	woman
29246	Almost to the end of her routine the woman drops the baton twice , picks them up and continues to do her routine until the end .	what does almost to the end of her routine the woman drop twice ?	baton
29247	A lady speaks with two pumpkins on a table .	who speaks with two pumpkins on a table ?	lady
29248	A woman shows her palm .	who shows her palm ?	woman
29249	A person carves a pumpkin .	what does the person carve ?	pumpkin
29251	Children hold pumpkins with smiles on their faces .	what do children hold with smiles on their faces ?	pumpkins
29252	A man pulls the top of a pumpkin off .	who pulls the top of a pumpkin off ?	man
29253	The lady presents a knife and a smaller knife .	who presents the knife and a smaller knife ?	lady
29254	Two people sit with papers in front of them .	how many people sit with papers in front of them ?	two
29256	The man picks up silverware soaking in sink and washes them off .	who picks up silverware soaking in sink and washes them off ?	man
29256	The man picks up silverware soaking in sink and washes them off .	what does the man pick up soaking in sink ?	silverware
29257	The man washes pots and a cutting board .	who washes pots and a cutting board ?	man
29258	The man washes a coffee press gadget .	who washes the coffee press gadget ?	man
29258	The man washes a coffee press gadget .	what does the man wash ?	gadget
29259	The man turns off the water and drains the sink .	who turns off the water and drains the sink ?	man
29259	The man turns off the water and drains the sink .	what does the man drain ?	sink
29261	A guy is chopping something on the ground .	who is chopping something on the ground ?	guy
29262	A woman gets up and walks away .	who gets up and walks away ?	woman
29263	A grooming room is shown and three people are washing different dogs .	what is shown and three people are washing different dogs ?	room
29263	A grooming room is shown and three people are washing different dogs .	what is the grooming room shown and three people are washing ?	dogs
29263	A grooming room is shown and three people are washing different dogs .	how many people are washing different dogs ?	three
29264	Other rooms are shown and the dogs continue being groomed and laying down on the ground waiting for their turn .	what are shown and the dogs continue being groomed and laying down on the ground waiting for their turn ?	rooms
29264	Other rooms are shown and the dogs continue being groomed and laying down on the ground waiting for their turn .	what are other rooms shown and continue being groomed and laying down on the ground waiting for their turn ?	dogs
29266	People are paddling oars in a blue raft .	what is the color of the raft ?	blue
29266	People are paddling oars in a blue raft .	where are people paddling oars . ?	raft
29269	A man is seated on a chair in a hair salon .	who is seated on the chair in a hair salon ?	man
29270	He is getting a haircut from a hairdresser who is wearing a blue dress .	what is the color of the dress ?	blue
29271	The man is sitting with a camera in his hand .	who is sitting with the camera in his hand ?	man
29272	The hairdresser finishes cutting his hair and then steps back .	who finishes cutting his hair and then steps back ?	hairdresser
29273	A kneeling man attempts to start a fire while several others watch on .	who attempts to start the fire while several others watch on ?	man
29275	The kneeling man starts a fire .	who starts the fire ?	man
29276	One of the spectators kisses the kneeing man .	who does one of the spectators kiss ?	man
29278	The woman continues talking to the men while the camera pans around various groups of people nearby the bar .	who continues talking to the men while the camera pans around various groups of people nearby the bar ?	woman
29279	The woman sparks with her hands while also dealing cards for people at the bar .	who sparks with her hands while also dealing cards for people at the bar ?	woman
29280	A man is seen speaking to the camera with a pair of shoes in front of him .	who is seen speaking to the camera with a pair of shoes in front of him ?	man
29281	He holds up the shoes as well as cleaning products and begins using them on the shoes .	what does he hold up the shoes as well as cleaning ?	products
29283	man is sitting in font of a table talking about how to clean a white sneaker .	who is sitting in font of a table talking about how to clean a white sneaker ?	man
29283	man is sitting in font of a table talking about how to clean a white sneaker .	what is the color of the sneaker ?	white
29284	man pour a liquid on water and cleans the shoe with a brush and with a wipe polish it .	who pour the liquid on water and cleans the shoe with a brush and with a wipe polish it ?	man
29284	man pour a liquid on water and cleans the shoe with a brush and with a wipe polish it .	what does man clean with a brush and with a wipe polish it ?	shoe
29285	Girls are shown one at a time , using pvc pipes to vault in an indoor gym onto a mat .	who are shown one at a time , using pvc pipes to vault in an indoor gym onto a mat ?	girls
29285	Girls are shown one at a time , using pvc pipes to vault in an indoor gym onto a mat .	where are girls shown one at a time , using pvc pipes to vault . ?	gym
29286	Finally a boy is shown vaulting as well .	who is finally shown vaulting as well ?	boy
29288	The man is then shown throwing three different javelins in competition , interspersed with words on the screen .	who is then shown throwing three different javelins in competition , interspersed with words on the screen ?	man
29288	The man is then shown throwing three different javelins in competition , interspersed with words on the screen .	how many different javelins is the man then shown throwing in competition , interspersed with words on the screen ?	three
29289	An young male Caucasian is sitting in a room behind a keyboard .	who is sitting in the room behind a keyboard ?	caucasian
29290	Before he plays , he begins to talk and make movements across three black keys with his right hand as he continues to talk .	what is the color of the keys ?	black
29293	Athletes are giving interviews , and some show off their participation medals .	who are giving interviews , and some show off their participation medals ?	athletes
29294	Athletes are boarding white buses .	who are boarding white buses ?	athletes
29294	Athletes are boarding white buses .	what are athletes boarding ?	buses
29294	Athletes are boarding white buses .	what is the color of the buses ?	white
29295	The buses move down the road .	what move down the road ?	buses
29296	A person stacks tee shirts .	what does the person stack ?	shirts
29297	Athletes wait at the start line .	who wait at the start line ?	athletes
29298	Athletes are running down the road .	who are running down the road ?	athletes
29299	Athletes cross the finish line .	who cross the finish line ?	athletes
29301	An athlete is seen sitting on the ground when a man walks over and hands him shoes .	who is seen sitting on the ground when a man walks over and hands him shoes ?	athlete
29302	The man then puts on the shoes and begins moving around the field .	who then puts on the shoes and begins moving around the field ?	man
29303	The man kicks a ball around while the camera follows him from behind .	who kicks the ball around while the camera follows him from behind ?	man
29303	The man kicks a ball around while the camera follows him from behind .	what does the man kick around ?	ball
29306	An Asian man wearing glasses , a green shirt with yellow stripes is sitting down talking in a room .	who is wearing glasses , a green shirt with yellow stripes is sitting down talking in a room ?	man
29306	An Asian man wearing glasses , a green shirt with yellow stripes is sitting down talking in a room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
29306	An Asian man wearing glasses , a green shirt with yellow stripes is sitting down talking in a room .	what is the color of the stripes ?	yellow
29306	An Asian man wearing glasses , a green shirt with yellow stripes is sitting down talking in a room .	where is an asian man wearing glasses , a green shirt with yellow stripes is sitting down talking . ?	room
29307	Still shot pictures of a book appear , and the man appears talking again , and then more black text on a white screen shows up .	what is the color of the text ?	black
29307	Still shot pictures of a book appear , and the man appears talking again , and then more black text on a white screen shows up .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
29308	The man appears again but this time he 's outdoors and he 's holding a very large archery and is showing the right and the wrong way to draw his string back .	who appears again but this time he 's outdoors and he 's holding a very large archery and is showing the right and the wrong way to draw his string back ?	man
29309	The man appears again back indoors and sitting down talking .	who appears again back indoors and sitting down talking ?	man
29316	A man is working out on an elliptical machine .	who is working out on an elliptical machine ?	man
29319	The camera shows various angles of the boat moving along the water as well as close ups on the people on board .	what shows various angles of the boat moving along the water as well as close ups on the people on board ?	camera
29321	We see a goalie jumping around and a man shoot and score .	who do we see jumping around and a man shoot and score ?	goalie
29321	We see a goalie jumping around and a man shoot and score .	who do we see a goalie jumping around and shoot and score ?	man
29322	We see a happy young man fanning his shirt .	who do we see fanning his shirt ?	man
29322	We see a happy young man fanning his shirt .	we see a happy young man fanning what ?	shirt
29323	Apply the tiles in the same exact direction .	what do apply in the same exact direction ?	tiles
29324	The tile must be installed over the adhesive .	what must be installed over the adhesive ?	tile
29327	A person shows bacon on a dish , then puts mayonnaise on two pieces of bread .	what does the person show on a dish ?	bacon
29327	A person shows bacon on a dish , then puts mayonnaise on two pieces of bread .	what does the person put on two pieces of bread ?	mayonnaise
29328	Then , the person puts bacon on a bread and lettuce and tomato on the other bread , then spread peeper and form the sandwich .	then , , then spread who and form the sandwich ?	peeper
29328	Then , the person puts bacon on a bread and lettuce and tomato on the other bread , then spread peeper and form the sandwich .	then , , then spread peeper and form what ?	sandwich
29330	A man uses a tool to even plaster on a wall .	who uses the tool to even plaster on a wall ?	man
29330	A man uses a tool to even plaster on a wall .	what does the man use to even plaster on a wall ?	tool
29331	The man works on the wall below the visible frame of the camera .	who works on the wall below the visible frame of the camera ?	man
29332	The man rises up in front of the camera and walks past it .	who rises up in front of the camera and walks past it ?	man
29334	The boat is pulling a tube with a man behind it .	what is pulling the tube with a man behind it ?	boat
29334	The boat is pulling a tube with a man behind it .	what is the boat pulling with a man behind it ?	tube
29336	The boat is pulling the same tube with several young people on it .	what is pulling the same tube with several young people on it ?	boat
29336	The boat is pulling the same tube with several young people on it .	what is the boat pulling with several young people on it ?	tube
29338	A jet ski passes by the boat then we see the passengers .	what passes by the boat then we see the passengers ?	ski
29338	A jet ski passes by the boat then we see the passengers .	who does the jet ski pass by the boat then we see ?	passengers
29339	A man holding a red cape is standing in front of a bull .	who is holding a red cape is standing in front of a bull ?	man
29339	A man holding a red cape is standing in front of a bull .	the man holding what is standing in front of a bull ?	cape
29339	A man holding a red cape is standing in front of a bull .	what is the color of the cape ?	red
29340	The bull hits him and knocks him to the ground .	what hits him and knocks him to the ground ?	bull
29341	People carry the man off the arena .	who do people carry off the arena ?	man
29342	A barber rubs shaving cream on a man 's bald head .	who rubs shaving cream on a man 's bald head ?	barber
29343	The barber stops to clean his hands with a towel .	who stops to clean his hands with a towel ?	barber
29344	The barber grabs a razor and slowly shaves the head of the man .	who grabs the razor and slowly shaves the head of the man ?	barber
29344	The barber grabs a razor and slowly shaves the head of the man .	what does the barber grab ?	razor
29345	A young man bend to lift a weight to his shoulders , then he lifts the weight above his head .	who bend to lift the weight to his shoulders , then he lifts the weight above his head ?	man
29346	The young man lets the weight falls on the floor .	who lets the weight falls on the floor ?	man
29347	After , the man flips , and then a man comes and hugs the young man .	who does after , flip , and then the man comes and hugs the young man ?	man
29347	After , the man flips , and then a man comes and hugs the young man .	who does after , the man flip , and then comes and hugs the young man ?	man
29347	After , the man flips , and then a man comes and hugs the young man .	who does after , the man flip , and then a man comes and hugs ?	man
29349	A man begins to play a set of drums with the camera showing him from several different angles .	who begins to play the set of drums with the camera showing him from several different angles ?	man
29350	The camera shows his foot using a pedal to play the drums .	what shows his foot using a pedal to play the drums ?	camera
29352	A woman talks and smiles while ironing a garment from a laundry room .	who talks and smiles while ironing the garment from a laundry room ?	woman
29353	A woman wearing a pink shirt and apron stands in a laundry room in front of a washer and dryer and talks facing the camera .	who is wearing a pink shirt and apron stands in a laundry room in front of a washer and dryer and talks facing the camera ?	woman
29354	The woman bends down to pick up a garment and then spreads it over an ironing table .	who bends down to pick up the garment and then spreads it over an ironing table ?	woman
29355	Three athletes perform hammer throws at a professional sports event in front of an audience in bleachers and score keepers .	who perform hammer throws at a professional sports event in front of an audience in bleachers and score keepers ?	athletes
29355	Three athletes perform hammer throws at a professional sports event in front of an audience in bleachers and score keepers .	how many athletes perform hammer throws at a professional sports event in front of an audience in bleachers and score keepers ?	three
29356	The athlete walks away and looks disappointed as a scoreboard reveals the score .	who walks away and looks disappointed as the scoreboard reveals the score ?	athlete
29357	Two more athletes perform the same sport in the same way both letting the hammer fly in the air .	who perform the same sport in the same way both letting the hammer fly in the air ?	athletes
29357	Two more athletes perform the same sport in the same way both letting the hammer fly in the air .	how many more athletes perform the same sport in the same way both letting the hammer fly in the air ?	two
29359	The kid is standing in the court .	who is standing in the court ?	kid
29360	The little girl is sitting at the other end of a mat .	who is sitting at the other end of a mat ?	girl
29361	The young boy run towards the mat and jump over the pole .	who run towards the mat and jump over the pole ?	boy
29362	A woman bartender is standing behind a bar .	who is standing behind the bar ?	bartender
29365	She adds three different liquids from three bottles to the glass .	how many different liquids does she add from three bottles to the glass ?	three
29369	A man holds a white thing and touches it over and over .	who holds the white thing and touches it over and over ?	man
29369	A man holds a white thing and touches it over and over .	what is the color of the thing ?	white
29373	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects and sharpening a stick .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects and sharpening a stick ?	man
29374	The man then puts a helmet on and attached the stick to a holder , leading into the man creating a spark and cutting an object .	who then puts the helmet on and attached the stick to a holder , leading into the man creating a spark and cutting an object ?	man
29374	The man then puts a helmet on and attached the stick to a holder , leading into the man creating a spark and cutting an object .	the man then puts what on ?	helmet
29376	A man is mowing his lawn , he has chickens in his coop .	who is mowing his lawn , he has chickens in his coop ?	man
29376	A man is mowing his lawn , he has chickens in his coop .	where is the man mowing his lawn , he has chickens . ?	coop
29381	The cowboy jumps off the horse and runs after the cow .	who jumps off the horse and runs after the cow ?	cowboy
29381	The cowboy jumps off the horse and runs after the cow .	what does the cowboy jump off ?	horse
29382	The cowboy ties the cow up .	who ties the cow up ?	cowboy
29382	The cowboy ties the cow up .	what does the cowboy tie up ?	cow
29386	People are working out in a room .	where are people working out . ?	room
29389	We see a ladies eye and noes up close .	who do we see ?	eye
29391	The lady hula hoops with 10 or so golden hula hoops .	who hoops with 10 or so golden hula hoops ?	hula
29392	The lady spins the hoop on her hand then transfers it to her leg stretched upward and we see her in the gold hoops again .	who spins the hoop on her hand then transfers it to her leg stretched upward and we see her in the gold hoops again ?	lady
29393	The lady spins her body in and out of the hoops and we see her in a handstand with the hula hoop on her feet .	who spins her body in and out of the hoops and we see her in a handstand with the hula hoop on her feet ?	lady
29396	A man in a white shirt is standing next to a swimming pool .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
29397	A man is holding a camera filming him go up the stairs .	who is holding the camera filming him go up the stairs ?	man
29397	A man is holding a camera filming him go up the stairs .	what is the man holding ?	camera
29400	A woman is seen sitting on a tub with a towel wrapped around her and shaving her legs .	who is seen sitting on the tub with a towel wrapped around her and shaving her legs ?	woman
29402	Two men are sitting at a picnic table getting ready to arm wrestle .	how many men are sitting at the picnic table getting ready to arm wrestle ?	two
29404	A man is interviewed by the cameraman and shows off his biceps to the camera .	who is interviewed by the cameraman and shows off his biceps to the camera ?	man
29405	Two men continue talking to the camera and eventually begin arm wrestling again .	how many men continue talking to the camera and eventually begin arm wrestling again ?	two
29407	The man lets her win their arm wrestling match and the girl seems giddy .	who lets her win their arm wrestling match and the girl seems giddy ?	man
29407	The man lets her win their arm wrestling match and the girl seems giddy .	who does the man let and seems giddy ?	girl
29408	A guy is tattooing a lady 's upper arm .	who is tattooing the lady 's upper arm ?	guy
29408	A guy is tattooing a lady 's upper arm .	who is the guy tattooing upper arm ?	lady
29409	The lady is in pain .	who is in pain ?	lady
29410	The guy whips with a white paper towel .	who whips with the white paper towel ?	guy
29410	The guy whips with a white paper towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
29411	A gymnast is seen leaning across a long beam and begins performing a gymnastics routine .	who is seen leaning across the long beam and begins performing a gymnastics routine ?	gymnast
29412	The girl flips and tricks along the beam while others watch on the side .	who flips and tricks along the beam while others watch on the side ?	girl
29413	The woman continues moving along the beam and ends by jumping off the side and walking off the stage .	who continues moving along the beam and ends by jumping off the side and walking off the stage ?	woman
29414	The faucet showing is then a hand attached the hose and tighten the hose .	what is then the hand attached the hose and tighten the hose ?	showing
29414	The faucet showing is then a hand attached the hose and tighten the hose .	the faucet showing is then a hand attached the hose and tighten what ?	hose
29416	The woman is washing the dog with the hose in the bathtub .	who is washing the dog with the hose in the bathtub ?	woman
29416	The woman is washing the dog with the hose in the bathtub .	what is the woman washing with the hose in the bathtub ?	dog
29417	A camera pans all around a fence while text is being shown across .	what pans all around a fence while text is being shown across ?	camera
29419	In the end more clips are shown of the fence .	what are in the end shown of the fence ?	clips
29421	A man is shown stretching before engaging in a tennis match in front of a crowd .	who is shown stretching before engaging in the tennis match in front of a crowd ?	man
29423	The man is occasionally shown playing tennis , then goes back to speaking to the group .	who is occasionally shown playing tennis , then goes back to speaking to the group ?	man
29424	A man is standing at the foot of a large wall .	who is standing at the foot of a large wall ?	man
29430	A teen boy is standing in a kitchen , holding a pitcher and talking .	who is standing in the kitchen , holding a pitcher and talking ?	boy
29430	A teen boy is standing in a kitchen , holding a pitcher and talking .	who is the teen boy standing in a kitchen , holding and talking ?	pitcher
29430	A teen boy is standing in a kitchen , holding a pitcher and talking .	where is the teen boy standing , holding a pitcher and talking . ?	kitchen
29437	A man practice ice hockey throwing a disc with a stick .	who does practice hockey throwing a disc with a stick ?	ice
29442	The man presents each separate ingredient and holds them up showing each one .	who presents each separate ingredient and holds them up showing each one ?	man
29442	The man presents each separate ingredient and holds them up showing each one .	what does the man present ?	ingredient
29445	Ingredients sit next to the stove top and are being used to prepare the food .	what sit next to the stove top and are being used to prepare the food ?	ingredients
29449	The man speaks up close to the camera .	who speaks up close to the camera ?	man
29450	A woman talks in an office .	who talks in an office ?	woman
29450	A woman talks in an office .	where does the woman talk . ?	office
29451	The woman explains how she curls her hair .	who explains how she curls her hair ?	woman
29453	The man is shown several times jumping with people measuring his jump afterwards and raking the sand .	who is shown several times jumping with people measuring his jump afterwards and raking the sand ?	man
29454	A woman is on a concrete court outside .	who is on the concrete court outside ?	woman
29457	A man is seen doing flips on a soft floor while moving in slow motion .	who is seen doing flips on a soft floor while moving in slow motion ?	man
29458	The man continues performing several tricks across the floor and ends with a title sequence across the screen .	who continues performing several tricks across the floor and ends with a title sequence across the screen ?	man
29459	A lady in a suit talks in a white room .	what is the color of the room ?	white
29459	A lady in a suit talks in a white room .	where does the lady in a suit talk . ?	room
29461	We see the car being rinsed with a pressure washer and the wheel is wiped .	what do we see being rinsed with a pressure washer and the wheel is wiped ?	car
29461	We see the car being rinsed with a pressure washer and the wheel is wiped .	what do we see the car being rinsed with a pressure washer and is wiped ?	wheel
29462	the emblem appears on the screen as suds slip down a car .	what appears on the screen as suds slip down a car ?	emblem
29463	A man is standing in a room with three walls and a glass wall behind him hitting a ball with a racket .	who is standing in the room with three walls and a glass wall behind him hitting a ball with a racket ?	man
29465	The next screen comes around with a large hot air balloon and animated cars .	what comes around with the large hot air balloon and animated cars ?	screen
29466	A blurry object is shown and white text shows up that reads `` Fun Shoe Shine '' .	what is the color of the text ?	white
29468	A pair of shiny black boots are standing and their black shoelaces are tied and the text `` After '' appears on the front left area of the boot .	what is the color of the boots ?	black
29468	A pair of shiny black boots are standing and their black shoelaces are tied and the text `` After '' appears on the front left area of the boot .	what is the color of the shoelaces ?	black
29474	A person is riding a bike down a dirt track .	what is the person riding down a dirt track ?	bicycle
29475	A little boy wearing red is riding a small bike down the track .	who is wearing red is riding a small bike down the track ?	boy
29475	A little boy wearing red is riding a small bike down the track .	what is the little boy wearing red is riding down the track ?	bicycle
29477	Food sizzling in hot oil in a black skillet on the stove , a long stemmed spoon sits in the skillet .	what is the color of the skillet ?	black
29477	Food sizzling in hot oil in a black skillet on the stove , a long stemmed spoon sits in the skillet .	where does food sizzling in hot oil in a black skillet on the stove , a long stemmed spoon sit . ?	skillet
29478	Onions are added to the skillet .	what are added to the skillet ?	onions
29479	the skillet is stirred and the spoon removed .	what is stirred and the spoon removed ?	skillet
29479	the skillet is stirred and the spoon removed .	what is the skillet stirred and removed ?	spoon
29481	The skillet gently sizzles as the mix cooks .	what gently sizzles as the mix cooks ?	skillet
29483	The flame is visible as the skillet sizzles more vigorously , the skillet is stirred and the food is browning .	what is the flame visible , is stirred and the food is browning ?	skillet
29484	4 eggs are broken into the skillet .	what are broken into the skillet ?	eggs
29484	4 eggs are broken into the skillet .	how many eggs are broken into the skillet ?	four
29488	It is now plated and fresh herbs are sprinkled on top .	what is it now plated and are sprinkled on top ?	herbs
29489	A man is seen walking around an area pointing to himself and speaking to the camera .	who is seen walking around an area pointing to himself and speaking to the camera ?	man
29490	The man then begins performing various martial arts moves and kicking towards the camera .	who then begins performing various martial arts moves and kicking towards the camera ?	man
29491	The man continues moving around while the camera captures his movements .	who continues moving around while the camera captures his movements ?	man
29492	A gymnast bows before walking up to the beam .	who bows before walking up to the beam ?	gymnast
29496	A baby is sitting in a high chair .	who is sitting in the high chair ?	baby
29496	A baby is sitting in a high chair .	where is the baby sitting . ?	chair
29497	An ice cream pop goes into her mouth , and she chews a bite from it .	who goes into her mouth , and she chews a bite from it ?	pop
29499	A woman is brushing her teeth .	who is brushing her teeth ?	woman
29500	A woman approaches behind her .	who approaches behind her ?	woman
29501	The woman stops brushing her teeth .	who stops brushing her teeth ?	woman
29502	A woman smiles really big .	who smiles really big ?	woman
29503	A little girl wearing a brown bow is standing in front of the sink brushing her teeth .	who is wearing a brown bow is standing in front of the sink brushing her teeth ?	girl
29503	A little girl wearing a brown bow is standing in front of the sink brushing her teeth .	the little girl wearing what is standing in front of the sink brushing her teeth ?	bow
29503	A little girl wearing a brown bow is standing in front of the sink brushing her teeth .	what is the color of the bow ?	brown
29504	The little girl , then turns the water on and spits several times in the sink .	where does the little girl , spit several times . ?	sink
29505	Finally , she puts the brush down , rinses her mouth and dries it with a brown towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	brown
29506	A small child is seen sitting on top of a slide and looking back towards the camera .	who is seen sitting on top of a slide and looking back towards the camera ?	child
29507	The boy then pushes himself backwards down the slide while turning over in the end and jumping off .	who then pushes himself backwards down the slide while turning over in the end and jumping off ?	boy
29508	A young girl is seen speaking to the camera and begins playing with her hair .	who is seen speaking to the camera and begins playing with her hair ?	girl
29509	She pins up her and puts put a headband in her hair .	what does she put put in her hair ?	headband
29510	She then puts in more fake hair as well as doing her makeup .	what is she then doing ?	makeup
29512	A girl is sitting in a tube surrounded by a large group of people also sitting on tubes .	who is sitting in the tube surrounded by a large group of people also sitting on tubes ?	girl
29513	The camera pans around to the various people sitting in the tubes .	what pans around to the various people sitting in the tubes ?	camera
29514	The girl jumps out of her tube and finds herself swimming in the water .	who jumps out of her tube and finds herself swimming in the water ?	girl
29515	A woman in a red workout shirt is talking about the benefits of an elliptical cross trainer .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
29521	The host then concludes the tutorial .	who then concludes the tutorial ?	host
29522	a woman is sitting at a table in a fast food restaurant while eating .	who is sitting at the table in a fast food restaurant while eating ?	woman
29524	She stands up and grabs her purse , continuing to talk and laugh as she leaves .	what does she grab ?	purse
29528	Woman throws a throwing knife at board .	what does woman throw at board ?	knife
29529	Three men throw knives .	what do three men throw ?	knives
29529	Three men throw knives .	how many men throw knives ?	three
29530	Knives hit a board .	what hit the board ?	knives
29531	Two men throw throwing knives backwards .	how many men throw throwing knives backwards ?	two
29535	Man throws knife while laying down .	what does man throw while laying down ?	knife
29538	Dojo members bow to the man .	who bow to the man ?	members
29539	A child walks by a hopscotch pattern .	who walks by the hopscotch pattern ?	child
29540	The child puts her palms on the hopscotch pattern .	who puts her palms on the hopscotch pattern ?	child
29541	The child hops on the hopscotch pattern .	who hops on the hopscotch pattern ?	child
29542	A young woman is standing behind a counter with a black skillet on it .	who is standing behind the counter with a black skillet on it ?	woman
29542	A young woman is standing behind a counter with a black skillet on it .	what is the color of the skillet ?	black
29543	In her hands , she is holding two onions then the video rapidly shows her with a tomato , rutabaga and a bag of Cathedral City mature cheddar .	what is in her hands , she holding then the video rapidly shows her with a tomato , rutabaga and a bag of cathedral city mature cheddar ?	onions
29543	In her hands , she is holding two onions then the video rapidly shows her with a tomato , rutabaga and a bag of Cathedral City mature cheddar .	how many onions is she holding ?	two
29544	Next , she begins cutting each of the ingredients and adds butter to a skillet .	what does next , she add to a skillet ?	butter
29545	After it is fried for five minutes , the mushrooms go in the pot and three eggs are cracked .	what do , go in the pot and three eggs are cracked ?	mushrooms
29547	After sometime , an omelette is created and put on a plate along with two slices of toast .	what is after sometime , created and put on a plate along with two slices of toast ?	omelette
29548	A boy is standing in the woods with another boy .	who is standing in the woods with another boy ?	boy
29550	The two boys stare at the pile while it burns .	who stare at the pile while it burns ?	boys
29550	The two boys stare at the pile while it burns .	how many boys stare at the pile while it burns ?	two
29556	A lady looks down and to the side of her camel .	who looks down and to the side of her camel ?	lady
29558	Two women are seen on stage dancing .	who are seen on stage dancing ?	women
29558	Two women are seen on stage dancing .	how many women are seen on stage dancing ?	two
29559	One of the women shows her talent balancing swords on her different parts of her body .	what does one of the women show balancing on her different parts of her body ?	swords
29561	The girls continue playing then sit on the sides and touch each other 's legs .	who continue playing then sit on the sides and touch each other 's legs ?	girls
29562	They then put lotion all over their legs and begins shaving their legs and holding the ball laughing in the end .	what did they then put all over their legs ?	lotion
29563	A man walks on stilts into a park .	who walks on stilts into a park ?	man
29565	The man speeds up then returns to his initial speed .	who up then returns to his initial speed ?	speeds
29566	The man reaches the park 's sign and comes to a stop .	who reaches the park 's sign and comes to a stop ?	man
29567	This man is sitting outdoors polishing another man 's shoes and neither one of their faces are shown .	who is sitting outdoors polishing another man 's shoes and neither one of their faces are shown ?	man
29568	The man is sitting on the ground and he is using a brown towel to polish the man 's shoes .	who is sitting on the ground and he is using a brown towel to polish the man 's shoes ?	man
29568	The man is sitting on the ground and he is using a brown towel to polish the man 's shoes .	what is the man sitting on the ground and he is using ?	towel
29568	The man is sitting on the ground and he is using a brown towel to polish the man 's shoes .	what is the color of the towel ?	brown
29570	Two very tall men in tuxedos are dancing outside of a store .	how many very tall men in tuxedos are dancing outside of a store ?	two
29574	A man is in front of a mirror .	who is in front of a mirror ?	man
29575	He is covering his face in a white liquid substance .	what is the color of the substance ?	white
29577	A woman is kneeling down on a blue mat .	who is kneeling down on the blue mat ?	woman
29577	A woman is kneeling down on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
29578	She grabs a while bar and holds it next to her .	what does she grab ?	bar
29579	She puts the bar down and picks up a kettle bell .	what does she put down ?	bar
29579	She puts the bar down and picks up a kettle bell .	what does she pick up ?	bell
29580	She lifts the kettle bell and puts it back down .	what does she lift ?	bell
29582	A woman introduces herself to the camera and begins to talk about the topic of the video , pasta .	who introduces herself to the camera and begins to talk about the topic of the video , pasta ?	woman
29583	The camera shows the ingredients that go into cooking pasta .	what shows the ingredients that go into cooking pasta ?	camera
29583	The camera shows the ingredients that go into cooking pasta .	what does the camera show ?	ingredients
29584	The woman drops salt in a pot of water and turns the burners on .	who drops salt in a pot of water and turns the burners on ?	woman
29584	The woman drops salt in a pot of water and turns the burners on .	what does the woman turn on ?	burners
29585	Once , boiling , she adds the pasta in the pot .	where is once , boiling , she adds the pasta . ?	pot
29586	She stirs the pasta , and then empties the pot in a colander once the pasta is al dente .	what does she stir ?	pasta
29586	She stirs the pasta , and then empties the pot in a colander once the pasta is al dente .	she then empties what in a colander once the pasta is al dente ?	pot
29587	She returns the pasta to the pot and adds olive oil .	what does she return to the pot ?	pasta
29588	Two newscasters talk to each other from behind a newscast table .	who talk to each other from behind a newscast table ?	newscasters
29588	Two newscasters talk to each other from behind a newscast table .	how many newscasters talk to each other from behind a newscast table ?	two
29589	The clip switches to display a series of video clips of different children playing dodgeball in gymnasiums and being hit by the dodgeball .	what switches to display the series of video clips of different children playing dodgeball in gymnasiums and being hit by the dodgeball ?	clip
29592	A young woman is shown exercising on a black elliptical .	who is shown exercising on the black elliptical ?	woman
29592	A young woman is shown exercising on a black elliptical .	what is the color of the elliptical ?	black
29595	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him with shaving cream .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him with shaving cream ?	man
29596	He then holds up a razor and begins shaving his face while old shots of movies are shown .	what does he then hold up ?	razor
29598	A patient sitting in a hospital chair in a hospital room gets her nails done by a manicurist who is wearing a green blouse .	who is sitting in a hospital chair in a hospital room gets her nails done by a manicurist who is wearing a green blouse ?	patient
29598	A patient sitting in a hospital chair in a hospital room gets her nails done by a manicurist who is wearing a green blouse .	what is the color of the blouse ?	green
29599	The patient is listening to music as she is moving her feet to the rhythm of some music .	who is listening to music as she is moving her feet to the rhythm of some music ?	patient
29604	A fast motion video shows a young boy beginning to climb across a set of monkey bars .	who does the fast motion video show beginning to climb across a set of monkey bars ?	boy
29605	The boy makes it across and jumps down while another person attempts right behind him .	who makes it across and jumps down while another person attempts right behind him ?	boy
29606	A middle aged man is shoveling snow on a sidewalk while a medium sized brown dog chases the shovel .	who is shoveling snow on a sidewalk while a medium sized brown dog chases the shovel ?	man
29606	A middle aged man is shoveling snow on a sidewalk while a medium sized brown dog chases the shovel .	what is the color of the dog ?	brown
29607	The man throws the snow and turns the other way to repeat the shoveling while the dog continues to chase the shovel .	who throws the snow and turns the other way to repeat the shoveling while the dog continues to chase the shovel ?	man
29608	At the end of the sidewalk near a driveway a young woman in a black snowsuit lying on her stomach sees the dog chasing the shovel and laughs .	what is at the end of the sidewalk near a driveway a young woman in a black snowsuit lying on her stomach sees chasing the shovel and laughs ?	dog
29608	At the end of the sidewalk near a driveway a young woman in a black snowsuit lying on her stomach sees the dog chasing the shovel and laughs .	at the end of the sidewalk near a driveway a young woman in a black snowsuit lying on her stomach sees the dog chasing what and laughs ?	shovel
29608	At the end of the sidewalk near a driveway a young woman in a black snowsuit lying on her stomach sees the dog chasing the shovel and laughs .	what is the color of the snowsuit ?	black
29609	The man now turns and runs down the sidewalk shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him .	who now turns and runs down the sidewalk shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him ?	man
29609	The man now turns and runs down the sidewalk shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him .	what does the man now run down shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him ?	sidewalk
29609	The man now turns and runs down the sidewalk shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him .	the man now turns and runs down the sidewalk shoveling the snow again and what runs along with him ?	dog
29610	The man does not turn around and shovel the sidewalk again , but carries the snow in the shovel and walks away from the dog .	who does not turn around and shovel the sidewalk again , but carries the snow in the shovel and walks away from the dog ?	man
29610	The man does not turn around and shovel the sidewalk again , but carries the snow in the shovel and walks away from the dog .	what does the man do not turn around and shovel again ?	sidewalk
29610	The man does not turn around and shovel the sidewalk again , but carries the snow in the shovel and walks away from the dog .	where does the man carry the snow . ?	shovel
29611	The dog trails behind as if tired .	what trails behind as if tired ?	dog
29616	little kid is talking to the camera and is in a table wearnig a red uniform putting contact lenses on her eyes .	who is talking to the camera and is in a table wearnig a red uniform putting contact lenses on her eyes ?	kid
29616	little kid is talking to the camera and is in a table wearnig a red uniform putting contact lenses on her eyes .	what is little kid in a table wearnig ?	uniform
29616	little kid is talking to the camera and is in a table wearnig a red uniform putting contact lenses on her eyes .	what is the color of the uniform ?	red
29617	man is holding a red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball .	who is holding the red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball ?	man
29617	man is holding a red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball .	what is man holding ?	ball
29617	man is holding a red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball .	man is walking in a wooden court and throw what ?	ball
29617	man is holding a red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	red
29618	people are playing dodgeball in a roofedwooden gym .	where are people playing dodgeball . ?	gym
29619	A girl is standing outside in the middle of the road doing tricks with a hula hoop , moving it around her hips and her arms .	who is standing outside in the middle of the road doing tricks with a hula hoop , moving it around her hips and her arms ?	girl
29620	While she is performing , a woman is sitting behind her with her bags on the ground .	who is , sitting behind her with her bags on the ground ?	woman
29621	When the girl is finished performing , she grabs a beanie , holds it up and then starts to ask for money from the crowd of people who was watching her .	what does , she grab ?	beanie
29622	A woman in an orange shirt is drinking a glass of beer .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
29623	The beer is pouring down the front of her shirt .	what is pouring down the front of her shirt ?	beer
29625	She finishes the drink and sets it down .	what does she finish ?	drink
29626	A man stand on front a table full of objects while people listen to the man .	who stand on front a table full of objects while people listen to the man ?	man
29627	A woman exhibit granola bars and explains to people around the table .	what bars and explains to people around the table ?	granola
29629	A young Asian boy is standing in a living room with a mop in his hand .	who is standing in the living room with a mop in his hand ?	boy
29630	The boy bends down , picks up a spray bottle and squirts it on the floor .	who bends down , picks up the spray bottle and squirts it on the floor ?	boy
29630	The boy bends down , picks up a spray bottle and squirts it on the floor .	what does the boy pick up ?	bottle
29631	He then moves the broom back and forth and cleans the floor .	what does he then move back and forth ?	broom
29631	He then moves the broom back and forth and cleans the floor .	what does he then clean ?	floor
29632	A woman sits in front of a large crowd while holding shaving cream and a razor .	who sits in front of a large crowd while holding shaving cream and a razor ?	woman
29633	Another man is seen on stage shaving his face and the woman begins shaving her legs .	who is seen on stage shaving his face and the woman begins shaving her legs ?	man
29633	Another man is seen on stage shaving his face and the woman begins shaving her legs .	who is another man seen on stage and begins shaving her legs ?	woman
29637	A man stands lighting a stick with campers in the background and a fire blazing .	who stands lighting the stick with campers in the background and a fire blazing ?	man
29638	He sticks the cone into the fire and the end of the stick begins to catch fire .	what does he stick into the fire and the end of the stick begins to catch fire ?	cone
29644	A girl is playing on a playground .	who is playing on the playground ?	girl
29647	A woman is playing a classical song on the piano in a black and white film .	who is playing the classical song on the piano in a black and white film ?	woman
29649	The camera shows her playing the piano from overhead .	what shows her playing the piano from overhead ?	camera
29655	The group are shown in their raft as they sail along the river .	where are the group shown as they sail along the river . ?	raft
29660	The women jump up and down on alternating feet .	who jump up and down on alternating feet ?	women
29661	The woman walk one way taking a few steps then back the other way during the routine .	who walk one way taking a few steps then back the other way during the routine ?	woman
29661	The woman walk one way taking a few steps then back the other way during the routine .	how many way do the woman walk taking a few steps then back the other way during the routine ?	one
29662	A little boy is inside a living room .	who is inside the living room ?	boy
29663	He is pushing and pulling a large vacuum cleaner .	what is he pushing and pulling ?	cleaner
29664	He is vacuuming the large living room rug .	what is he vacuuming ?	rug
29665	People are jumping off diving boards into the pool below them .	what are people jumping off into the pool below them ?	boards
29668	The little girl slide down the yellow slide and fell on the pool of balls .	who slide down the yellow slide and fell on the pool of balls ?	girl
29668	The little girl slide down the yellow slide and fell on the pool of balls .	what is the color of the slide ?	yellow
29669	The girl reach out the a hand as she climbs on the top of the slide .	who reach out the a hand as she climbs on the top of the slide ?	girl
29670	The girl slide down again and fell on the pool of ball but on her stomach .	who slide down again and fell on the pool of ball but on her stomach ?	girl
29671	Girls are going down a small red slide .	who are going down the small red slide ?	girls
29671	Girls are going down a small red slide .	what is the color of the slide ?	red
29672	A man in a red shirt is standing behind them .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
29674	A young girl is outside running down the road between a forest and then ends up in the airport .	who is outside running down the road between a forest and then ends up in the airport ?	girl
29674	A young girl is outside running down the road between a forest and then ends up in the airport .	where does the young girl end up . ?	airport
29676	The plane lands and she is in a cabin and begins skiing at a resort .	where is the plane lands and she . ?	cabin
29677	As she is skating , she changes her skis and the screen is covered with a grey static like film and the person continues with her snow activities .	what is the color of the film ?	gray
29678	A man is floating in the ocean water talking .	who is floating in the ocean water talking ?	man
29683	We see a man winding up to throw the hammer in track and field on his third attempt .	who do we see winding up to throw the hammer in track and field on his third attempt ?	man
29687	The camera zooms in on the man as he shakes another mans hand .	what zooms in on the man as he shakes another mans hand ?	camera
29688	We then see 8 men standing on platforms holding plaques .	how many men do we then see standing on platforms holding plaques ?	eight
29689	A young girl plays the clarinet .	who plays the clarinet ?	girl
29689	A young girl plays the clarinet .	what does the young girl play ?	clarinet
29690	The girl pauses for a second to flip her music sheet standing in front of her .	who pauses for the second to flip her music sheet standing in front of her ?	girl
29691	The young girl resumes playing her clarinet .	who resumes playing her clarinet ?	girl
29692	The girl stops and looking pleased with her performance .	who stops and looking pleased with her performance ?	girl
29693	A woman takes a few steps with a pair of jumping apparatus .	who takes the few steps with a pair of jumping apparatus ?	woman
29694	The woman begins jumping around rapidly .	who begins jumping around rapidly ?	woman
29695	The woman is joined by a man who is also jumping around in a pair of jumping apparatus .	who is joined by the man who is also jumping around in a pair of jumping apparatus ?	woman
29696	A young girl is cleaning the sink .	who is cleaning the sink ?	girl
29696	A young girl is cleaning the sink .	what is the young girl cleaning ?	sink
29697	The girl gets her shirt all wet .	who gets her shirt all wet ?	girl
29698	The girl points to the drain of the sink .	who points to the drain of the sink ?	girl
29699	A lady kicks a ball in a field .	who kicks the ball in a field ?	lady
29700	The lady picks up the baby .	who picks up the baby ?	lady
29700	The lady picks up the baby .	who does the lady pick up ?	baby
29701	The lady runs across the screen .	who runs across the screen ?	lady
29702	The camera pans left and right to show the crowd standing around .	what pans left and right to show the crowd standing around ?	camera
29703	A man and a woman works out the a cardio machine .	what does the man and a woman work out ?	machine
29705	Then , the man comes to meet the woman that exercise .	who does then , come to meet the woman that exercise ?	man
29706	Then the man exercise , and the muscles of the abdomen are shown .	who do then exercise , and the muscles of the abdomen are shown ?	man
29709	The boy walks up to the camera for a close up .	who walks up to the camera for a close up ?	boy
29711	The young girl in gray shirt is brushing the thong , while the female in blue t-shirt is washing the pans , and the other girl is holding a sponge .	what is the young girl in gray shirt brushing , , and the other girl is holding a sponge ?	thong
29711	The young girl in gray shirt is brushing the thong , while the female in blue t-shirt is washing the pans , and the other girl is holding a sponge .	who is the young girl in gray shirt brushing the thong , , and is holding a sponge ?	girl
29711	The young girl in gray shirt is brushing the thong , while the female in blue t-shirt is washing the pans , and the other girl is holding a sponge .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
29711	The young girl in gray shirt is brushing the thong , while the female in blue t-shirt is washing the pans , and the other girl is holding a sponge .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	blue
29712	The older girl in blue is washing the knife , while the other one is wiping the bowl .	what is the older girl in blue washing , ?	knife
29713	The girls put the clean dishes on the rack to dry it .	who put the clean dishes on the rack to dry it ?	girls
29713	The girls put the clean dishes on the rack to dry it .	what did the girls put on the rack ?	dishes
29714	kids are gathered around a wooden table in a kitchen .	who are gathered around the wooden table in a kitchen ?	kids
29715	woman is cutting oranges and showing it to kids and squeezing it in a glass in the table .	who is cutting oranges and showing it to kids and squeezing it in a glass in the table ?	woman
29715	woman is cutting oranges and showing it to kids and squeezing it in a glass in the table .	what is woman cutting and showing it to kids and squeezing it in a glass in the table ?	oranges
29717	The batter hits the ball into the stands and the moment is recaptured in 3-d .	who hits the ball into the stands and the moment is recaptured in 3-d ?	batter
29717	The batter hits the ball into the stands and the moment is recaptured in 3-d .	what does the batter hit into the stands and the moment is recaptured in 3-d ?	ball
29718	A reporter comments how amazing the hit was and replays it from various angles .	who comments how amazing the hit was and replays it from various angles ?	reporter
29724	The Florida Gator long jumper begins his run with a gradual forward walk then a skip and a fast sprint to the sand pit jumping marker .	who begins his run with a gradual forward walk then a skip and a fast sprint to the sand pit jumping marker ?	jumper
29725	The Florida Gator long jumper jumps and flies through the air and lands in the sand .	who jumps and flies through the air and lands in the sand ?	jumper
29726	The camera pans to the score board showing the long jumpers results .	what pans to the score board showing the long jumpers results ?	camera
29730	Little girls performs holding sticks moving around an spinning the sticks .	who performs holding sticks moving around an spinning the sticks ?	girls
29731	The little girls hold the sticks up and jump turning around .	who hold the sticks up and jump turning around ?	girls
29731	The little girls hold the sticks up and jump turning around .	what do the little girls hold up ?	sticks
29732	Two women walk toward the door .	who walk toward the door ?	women
29732	Two women walk toward the door .	how many women walk toward the door ?	two
29734	Next , the girls get together to salute .	who do next , get together to salute ?	girls
29735	A man plays tam-tam , and then he talks with crossed hands on a tan-tam .	who plays tam-tam , and then he talks with crossed hands on a tan-tam ?	man
29735	A man plays tam-tam , and then he talks with crossed hands on a tan-tam .	what does the man play , and then he talks with crossed hands on a tan-tam ?	tam-tam
29736	Then , the man plays tam-tam with his right hand and plays with sticks with the left hand .	then , who plays tam-tam with his right hand and plays with sticks with the left hand ?	man
29736	Then , the man plays tam-tam with his right hand and plays with sticks with the left hand .	what does then , the man play with his right hand ?	tam-tam
29737	A man walks out onto a playing field with a large Dalmatian .	who walks out onto the playing field with a large dalmatian ?	man
29738	The man stops and throws the frisbee and returns it to the man .	who stops and throws the frisbee and returns it to the man ?	man
29738	The man stops and throws the frisbee and returns it to the man .	what does the man stop and throws ?	frisbee
29739	The dog runs around in circles on the field with the frisbee .	what runs around in circles on the field with the frisbee ?	dog
29741	The wood remaining is shown and stumps are cut up .	what is the wood remaining is shown and are cut up ?	stumps
29742	A camera pans all around a lake and shows a person riding around on a canoe .	what pans all around a lake and shows a person riding around on a canoe ?	camera
29746	The older man throw his darts on the dartboard and three darts landed on one place .	who throw his darts on the dartboard and three darts landed on one place ?	man
29747	The man positioned himself then throw the darts in the board and the darts are away from each other .	who positioned himself then throw the darts in the board and the darts are away from each other ?	man
29748	The man continue to hit the board with darts .	who continue to hit the board with darts ?	man
29749	The camera pans around a large group of women sitting in chair knitting and speaking to one another .	what pans around the large group of women sitting in chair knitting and speaking to one another ?	camera
29751	A bunch of teammates are riding horses on the field .	what are the bunch of teammates riding on the field ?	horses
29754	A man is talking in front of a rock climbing wall .	who is talking in front of a rock climbing wall ?	man
29756	A man in a yellow hat is talking .	what is the color of the hat ?	yellow
29757	He climbs up the wall .	what does he climb up ?	wall
29758	Several people are climbing up the rock climbing wall .	what are several people climbing up climbing wall ?	rock
29758	Several people are climbing up the rock climbing wall .	several people are climbing up the rock climbing what ?	wall
29759	A man wearing black bathing trunks sitting on an inner tube as it slides down a tubing slide .	who is wearing black bathing trunks sitting on an inner tube as it slides down a tubing slide ?	man
29759	A man wearing black bathing trunks sitting on an inner tube as it slides down a tubing slide .	what is the man wearing bathing sitting on an inner tube as it slides down a tubing slide ?	trunks
29759	A man wearing black bathing trunks sitting on an inner tube as it slides down a tubing slide .	what is the color of the trunks ?	black
29760	A man wearing dark trunks stands on an enclosed water slide ride at a water park .	who is wearing dark trunks stands on an enclosed water slide ride at a water park ?	man
29760	A man wearing dark trunks stands on an enclosed water slide ride at a water park .	the man wearing what stands on an enclosed water slide ride at a water park ?	trunks
29761	Two men slide down a blue water slide at a water park and end up in a huge swimming pool .	how many men slide down the blue water slide at a water park and end up in a huge swimming pool ?	two
29761	Two men slide down a blue water slide at a water park and end up in a huge swimming pool .	what is the color of the slide ?	blue
29763	A man dressed in white curling gear is participating in the sport .	who dressed in white curling gear is participating in the sport ?	man
29763	A man dressed in white curling gear is participating in the sport .	what is the color of the gear ?	white
29765	He is playing the sport while in another location there are two musicians performing .	how many musicians is he playing the sport while in another location there are performing ?	two
29766	They are both singing as one musician is playing a guitar and the other is drumming a tambourine .	what are they both singing and the other is drumming ?	tambourine
29766	They are both singing as one musician is playing a guitar and the other is drumming a tambourine .	how many musician are they both singing as is playing a guitar ?	one
29767	The man continues to play curling on the ice rink as he pushes the rock with his curling stick .	who continues to play curling on the ice rink as he pushes the rock with his curling stick ?	man
29770	He is back in the curling rink , singing and twirling the curling stick in his hands .	where is he , singing and twirling the curling stick in his hands . ?	rink
29771	A man is standing at a table holding a bow in his hand talking .	who is standing at the table holding a bow in his hand talking ?	man
29774	We see a blue opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
29774	We see a blue opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
29776	A boy finishes , throws his arms up and spins in his chair .	who finishes , throws his arms up and spins in his chair ?	boy
29776	A boy finishes , throws his arms up and spins in his chair .	where does the boy spin . ?	chair
29780	Teammates cheer from the sidelines .	who cheer from the sidelines ?	teammates
29781	A man in a blue coat is standing in the snow talking .	what is the color of the coat ?	blue
29784	A man is seen walking into a circle and looking off into the distance .	who is seen walking into the circle and looking off into the distance ?	man
29785	The man stretches a bit and begins spinning himself around .	who stretches the bit and begins spinning himself around ?	man
29787	The man in blue shirt is holding a white spray bottle with green and black lid on it .	what is the man in blue shirt holding with green and black lid on it ?	bottle
29787	The man in blue shirt is holding a white spray bottle with green and black lid on it .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
29787	The man in blue shirt is holding a white spray bottle with green and black lid on it .	what is the color of the bottle ?	white
29788	He started spraying the contents of the bottle on the white car 's hood .	what is the color of the car ?	white
29789	He wiped the hood and the back of the white car with a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the car ?	white
29789	He wiped the hood and the back of the white car with a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	yellow
29790	He vacuum the floor of the car on the driver 's side , wipe the dirt off the steering wheel using the yellow cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	yellow
29792	He is showing a white spray bottle with black lid , while he is holding a yellow cloth .	what is he showing with black lid , ?	bottle
29792	He is showing a white spray bottle with black lid , while he is holding a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the bottle ?	white
29792	He is showing a white spray bottle with black lid , while he is holding a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the lid ?	black
29792	He is showing a white spray bottle with black lid , while he is holding a yellow cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	yellow
29793	He is wiping the edge of the car then showed the white spray bottle .	what is the color of the bottle ?	white
29794	A white car is shown being dirty and then the after where it is clean and shiny .	what is shown being dirty and then the after where it is clean and shiny ?	car
29794	A white car is shown being dirty and then the after where it is clean and shiny .	what is the color of the car ?	white
29795	A man puts on welding safety gear .	who puts on welding safety gear ?	man
29796	The man starts welding something on a metal table .	who starts welding something on a metal table ?	man
29797	He stops welding , lifts his face mask and adjusts things in the table .	what does he lift ?	mask
29798	He then lowers his face mask and starts welding again .	what does he then lower ?	mask
29799	He stops and lifts his mask again .	what does he lift again ?	mask
29800	He uses a tool to hit something on the table before sanding it .	what does he use ?	tool
29801	The man pulls off his gloves while walking to the camera .	who pulls off his gloves while walking to the camera ?	man
29801	The man pulls off his gloves while walking to the camera .	what does the man pull off while walking to the camera ?	gloves
29802	He brings the camera to the table to show the work he has done .	what does he bring to the table to show the work he has done ?	camera
29804	a house is shown with a sentence of how to wash the rooftop .	what is shown with the sentence of how to wash the rooftop ?	house
29808	More clips are shown of people diving and waving to the camera as well as speaking to one another and holding up a score .	what are shown of people diving and waving to the camera as well as speaking to one another and holding up a score ?	clips
29811	Others are using recumbent bikes and pedaling quickly .	what are others using and pedaling quickly ?	bicycles
29812	A man kicks a soccer ball , then he plays with other young men in the street , the man scores .	who kicks the soccer ball , then he plays with other young men in the street , the man scores ?	man
29812	A man kicks a soccer ball , then he plays with other young men in the street , the man scores .	what does the man kick , then he plays with other young men in the street , the man scores ?	ball
29814	Teams are playing indoor soccer and the man wearing a yellow t-shirt scores playing with several teams .	what is the color of the scores ?	yellow
29815	The man dispute the ball with other player and kick it to a playmate , the man continues playing an scoring for his team .	who dispute the ball with other player and kick it to a playmate , the man continues playing an scoring for his team ?	man
29815	The man dispute the ball with other player and kick it to a playmate , the man continues playing an scoring for his team .	what do the man dispute with other player , the man continues playing an scoring for his team ?	ball
29816	There 's a man in a black shirt representing Pev 's Paintball talking about the recreational game .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
29818	A man dressed in a camouflage print outfit is hiding and running with a paintball gun .	who dressed in a camouflage print outfit is hiding and running with a paintball gun ?	man
29819	The Pev representative is explaining the features of the paintball gun and how to use if effectively .	who is explaining the features of the paintball gun and how to use if effectively ?	representative
29820	We see a man preparing to throw the discuss .	who do we see preparing to throw the discuss ?	man
29823	A guy in yellow shorts throws and we see it again .	what is the color of the shorts ?	yellow
29825	The person turns the cube all over it 's sides while attempting to solve the puzzle .	what does the person turn all over it 's sides while attempting to solve the puzzle ?	cube
29826	The man connects all the sides and shows it to the camera .	who connects all the sides and shows it to the camera ?	man
29827	A man stands up in a raft .	who stands up in the raft ?	man
29827	A man stands up in a raft .	where does the man stand up . ?	raft
29832	A man floats in calm water and holds onto a rope while waiting for the boat to drive .	who floats in calm water and holds onto a rope while waiting for the boat to drive ?	man
29833	The man bare foot skis on a rope off the side of a boat attempting to stand up .	who bare foot skis on a rope off the side of a boat attempting to stand up ?	man
29833	The man bare foot skis on a rope off the side of a boat attempting to stand up .	what did the man bare on a rope off the side of a boat attempting to stand up ?	skis
29834	The man stands up and immediately falls into the water at high speed .	who stands up and immediately falls into the water at high speed ?	man
29835	people are playing futsal in a roofed gym .	where are people playing futsal . ?	gym
29836	referee is watching the game running side to side .	who is watching the game running side to side ?	referee
29837	Two men are decorating a Christmas tree .	what are two men decorating ?	tree
29837	Two men are decorating a Christmas tree .	how many men are decorating the christmas tree ?	two
29838	They are putting red ribbon around the tree .	what are they putting around the tree ?	ribbon
29838	They are putting red ribbon around the tree .	what is the color of the ribbon ?	red
29839	A dresser is shown at the end .	what is shown at the end ?	dresser
29840	Two people are seen sitting on swings outside .	how many people are seen sitting on swings outside ?	two
29843	There 's a man in a blue shirt using the lat pull machine in a gym .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
29846	A boy is shown going down a slide .	who is shown going down the slide ?	boy
29847	A woman is talking to the camera at the park .	who is talking to the camera at the park ?	woman
29850	There are two people standing on one side and a single player on the other side .	how many people are there standing on one side and a single player on the other side ?	two
29853	The girls perform a dance routine with batons in their hand and end by lining up and walking away .	who perform the dance routine with batons in their hand and end by lining up and walking away ?	girls
29854	A woman named Sapna appears in a photo .	who named sapna appears in a photo ?	woman
29860	The woman watches as the final studs are in place .	who watches as the final studs are in place ?	woman
29861	A rock band is playing a rock song in a black an white environment .	what is playing the rock song in a black an white environment ?	band
29861	A rock band is playing a rock song in a black an white environment .	what is the rock band playing in a black an white environment ?	song
29861	A rock band is playing a rock song in a black an white environment .	what is the color of the song ?	black
29861	A rock band is playing a rock song in a black an white environment .	what is the color of the environment ?	white
29862	Several curlers are preparing for a curling match while the band plays .	what are preparing for the curling match while the band plays ?	curlers
29867	A young woman is seen brushing her tooth followed by close ups of a tooth brush .	who is seen brushing her tooth followed by close ups of a tooth brush ?	woman
29871	Someone wears the device as he uses a mower to mow his lawn .	what does someone wear ?	device
29873	Several clips are shown of people performing flips and tricks in the middle of a floor while a light shines down in the middle .	what are shown of people performing flips and tricks in the middle of a floor while a light shines down in the middle ?	clips
29874	The kids continue spinning around one another and end by standing up together and falling down .	who continue spinning around one another and end by standing up together and falling down ?	kids
29875	Two women are in a room talking .	who are in the room talking ?	women
29875	Two women are in a room talking .	how many women are in the room talking ?	two
29876	A woman begins to put makeup on the other woman .	who begins to put makeup on the other woman ?	woman
29882	man is standing on side of car stuck in traffic .	who is standing on side of car stuck in traffic ?	man
29883	man holding bagpipes is walking in street between cars .	what is holding walking in street between cars ?	bagpipes
29884	A TV reporter is talking while shows a screen of a person playing hockey on ice .	who is talking while shows the screen of a person playing hockey on ice ?	reporter
29885	Then , the reporters talk and comment each other , while one of the man is on front a laptop .	then , who talk and comment each other , while one of the man is on front a laptop ?	reporters
29886	A gymnast is seen running towards a set of uneven bars and performing a routine on the bars .	who is seen running towards the set of uneven bars and performing a routine on the bars ?	gymnast
29890	A person kicks a ball into the goal .	what does the person kick into the goal ?	ball
29891	A woman sprays lotion and brush her hair .	who lotion and brush her hair ?	sprays
29892	Then , the woman makes a braid with the front hair and fasten it with a pin .	then , who makes the braid with the front hair and fasten it with a pin ?	woman
29893	After , the woman makes a pony tail and spray lotion to her hair .	who does after , make the pony tail and spray lotion to her hair ?	woman
29895	man is in a skate park in white skates .	who is in the skate park in white skates ?	man
29895	man is in a skate park in white skates .	what is the color of the skates ?	white
29896	man is sitting in a tube and make tricks in a skate park , other man is sitting watching him .	who is sitting in the tube and make tricks in a skate park , other man is sitting watching him ?	man
29896	man is sitting in a tube and make tricks in a skate park , other man is sitting watching him .	where is man sitting , other man is sitting watching him . ?	tube
29897	little kid is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park .	who is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park ?	kid
29897	little kid is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park .	who is little kid talking to someone and watching in skates doing the tricks in skate park ?	man
29898	An older woman is using a cue to play pool .	who is using the cue to play pool ?	woman
29899	She shoots the ball and walks away .	what does she shoot ?	ball
29901	a man is wearing a safety vest .	who is wearing the safety vest ?	man
29901	a man is wearing a safety vest .	what is the man wearing ?	vest
29904	man is smoking a cigarrette in a dark street .	who is smoking the cigarrette in a dark street ?	man
29904	man is smoking a cigarrette in a dark street .	where is man smoking a cigarrette . ?	street
29905	man is wearing a white t shirt smoking a cigarrette and watching to the camera .	who is wearing the white t shirt smoking a cigarrette and watching to the camera ?	man
29905	man is wearing a white t shirt smoking a cigarrette and watching to the camera .	what is man wearing smoking a cigarrette and watching to the camera ?	shirt
29905	man is wearing a white t shirt smoking a cigarrette and watching to the camera .	what is the color of the smoking ?	white
29906	man is in the night in a dark field smoking .	who is in the night in a dark field smoking ?	man
29907	A guy is water boarding in a body of water .	who is water boarding in a body of water ?	guy
29908	The guy messes with his hair .	who messes with his hair ?	guy
29909	The guy gives hands gesture .	who gives hands gesture ?	guy
29910	An athletic woman is seen running down a track with a large group of people watching her on the sidelines .	who is seen running down the track with a large group of people watching her on the sidelines ?	woman
29913	A man is running down the track at a track and field competition .	who is running down the track at a track and field competition ?	man
29919	The man the celebrates and shakes the hands of the opponent .	who celebrates and shakes the hands of the opponent ?	man
29921	A man is talking to the camera as he gets ready to ride the bumper cars .	who is talking to the camera as he gets ready to ride the bumper cars ?	man
29922	The man rides around in the bumper car bumping in to the other people while the camera watches .	who rides around in the bumper car bumping in to the other people while the camera watches ?	man
29923	The camera zooms in on the people for a closer look .	what zooms in on the people for a closer look ?	camera
29925	Two boys play ping pong across a large ping pong table outdoors while a third boy watches from the sidelines .	who play ping pong across a large ping pong table outdoors while a third boy watches from the sidelines ?	boys
29925	Two boys play ping pong across a large ping pong table outdoors while a third boy watches from the sidelines .	how many boys play ping pong across a large ping pong table outdoors while a third boy watches from the sidelines ?	two
29928	A man is outdoors , cutting wires off a stack of sheetrock .	who is outdoors , cutting wires off a stack of sheetrock ?	man
29929	He moves the sheets , then muds the floors before laying them down .	what does he move , then muds the floors before laying them down ?	sheets
29930	The man presses the large sheets onto the ground .	who presses the large sheets onto the ground ?	man
29930	The man presses the large sheets onto the ground .	what did the man press onto the ground ?	sheets
29931	A man holds a frisbee next to a dog , then the dog jumps above the back of the man and grabs a frisbee .	who holds the frisbee next to a dog , then the dog jumps above the back of the man and grabs a frisbee ?	man
29931	A man holds a frisbee next to a dog , then the dog jumps above the back of the man and grabs a frisbee .	what does the man hold a frisbee next to a dog , then jumps above the back of the man and grabs a frisbee ?	dog
29931	A man holds a frisbee next to a dog , then the dog jumps above the back of the man and grabs a frisbee .	what does the man hold a frisbee next to a dog , then the dog jumps above the back of the man and grabs ?	frisbee
29932	The man throws a frisbee and the dog runs to get it , after the man does tricks with the dog .	who throws the frisbee and the dog runs to get it , after the man does tricks with the dog ?	man
29933	A person lie down with his feet up , then the dog stand on his feet and plays with the frisbee .	what do the person lie down with his feet up , then stand on his feet and plays with the frisbee ?	dog
29934	The man plays with the dog frisbee doing tricks and throwing the frisbee .	who plays with the dog frisbee doing tricks and throwing the frisbee ?	man
29935	A lady standing beside the slide is holding a little child on top of the slide .	who is standing beside the slide is holding a little child on top of the slide ?	lady
29935	A lady standing beside the slide is holding a little child on top of the slide .	who is the lady standing beside the slide is holding on top of the slide ?	child
29936	She looked inside the tunnel and moved the little kid to show him and wave at the person .	who did she move ?	kid
29937	The lady hold the child while she push him down the slide .	who hold the child while she push him down the slide ?	lady
29937	The lady hold the child while she push him down the slide .	who do the lady hold ?	child
29938	The lady slide the kid up back to the top .	what the kid up back to the top ?	slide
29939	The lady hold the child and pushed him down the slide .	who hold the child and pushed him down the slide ?	lady
29939	The lady hold the child and pushed him down the slide .	who do the lady hold ?	child
29940	The child sat on the bottom of the slide while looking away .	who sat on the bottom of the slide while looking away ?	child
29941	Two people are jump roping outside on a patio .	how many people are jump roping outside on a patio ?	two
29942	The boy leaves and the girls starts jump roping by herself .	who leaves and the girls starts jump roping by herself ?	boy
29942	The boy leaves and the girls starts jump roping by herself .	who does the boy leave and starts jump roping by herself ?	girls
29943	The girl does a hand stand .	who does the hand stand ?	girl
29944	The boy starts jump roping by himself .	who starts jump roping by himself ?	boy
29945	The girl does a flip in the air .	who does the flip in the air ?	girl
29946	The boy does a flip in the air .	who does the flip in the air ?	boy
29950	A woman is sitting down taking a drink .	who is sitting down taking the drink ?	woman
29951	She sets the drink down and starts talking .	what does she set down ?	drink
29952	A man stretches in front of the camera .	who stretches in front of the camera ?	man
29953	The camera cuts to scenes of the man on a small boat paddling .	what cuts to scenes of the man on a small boat paddling ?	camera
29954	The camera cuts to scenes of various men paddling boats from various angles , with different backgrounds .	what cuts to scenes of various men paddling boats from various angles , with different backgrounds ?	camera
29955	The camera shows men putting boats away .	what shows men putting boats away ?	camera
29955	The camera shows men putting boats away .	the camera shows men putting what away ?	boats
29956	The camera shows several men in a car .	what shows several men in a car ?	camera
29956	The camera shows several men in a car .	where does the camera show several men . ?	car
29957	The camera shows quick clips of men exercising in a gym .	what shows quick clips of men exercising in a gym ?	camera
29958	The camera returns to scenes of men paddling boats .	what returns to scenes of men paddling boats ?	camera
29959	The camera cuts to accelerated footage of a car driving .	what cuts to accelerated footage of a car driving ?	camera
29960	The camera cuts to scenes of men relaxing and tossing a ball around .	what cuts to scenes of men relaxing and tossing a ball around ?	camera
29961	The camera cuts to a scene of a man sitting relaxing .	what cuts to the scene of a man sitting relaxing ?	camera
29962	Two wildebeests lock horns in a fight for dominance .	what lock horns in a fight for dominance ?	wildebeests
29962	Two wildebeests lock horns in a fight for dominance .	how many wildebeests lock horns in a fight for dominance ?	two
29964	The fight continues on as one wildabeast pushes the other away from the herd near a river .	how many wildabeast does the fight continue on as pushes the other away from the herd near a river ?	one
29965	One wildebeest gives up and runs off as the other wildebeest chases .	what gives up and runs off as the other wildebeest chases ?	wildebeest
29965	One wildebeest gives up and runs off as the other wildebeest chases .	how many wildebeest gives up and runs off as the other wildebeest chases ?	one
29966	We see a lady sitting on a couch talking .	who do we see sitting on a couch talking ?	lady
29967	The lady makes faces and claps her hands .	who makes faces and claps her hands ?	lady
29970	The lady makes a quote sign with her fingers .	who makes the quote sign with her fingers ?	lady
29971	The gymnast gathers his focus , and mounts the pommel horse to begin his event .	who gathers his focus , and mounts the pommel horse to begin his event ?	gymnast
29971	The gymnast gathers his focus , and mounts the pommel horse to begin his event .	what does the gymnast mount ?	horse
29977	woman is talking to the camera and holding makeup brushes .	who is talking to the camera and holding makeup brushes ?	woman
29978	woman is shoing a braid on her hair and its shownig how to do the braid .	who is shoing the braid on her hair and its shownig how to do the braid ?	woman
29979	A girl travels in a car while talking .	who travels in the car while talking ?	girl
29980	The girl is in a piercing shop , then a man rubs her nose with a tissue and put a mark .	who is in the piercing shop , then a man rubs her nose with a tissue and put a mark ?	girl
29980	The girl is in a piercing shop , then a man rubs her nose with a tissue and put a mark .	who is the girl in a piercing shop , then rubs her nose with a tissue and put a mark ?	man
29980	The girl is in a piercing shop , then a man rubs her nose with a tissue and put a mark .	where is the girl , then a man rubs her nose with a tissue and put a mark . ?	shop
29981	After , the man pierce the nose of the girl and puts a tip .	after , who pierce the nose of the girl and puts a tip ?	man
29982	After , the man cleans the area , and the girl dry some tears on her face .	who does after , clean the area , and the girl dry some tears on her face ?	man
29982	After , the man cleans the area , and the girl dry some tears on her face .	who does after , the man clean the area , and dry some tears on her face ?	girl
29987	boy is putting a helmet and is fixing his skateboard .	who is putting the helmet and is fixing his skateboard ?	boy
29987	boy is putting a helmet and is fixing his skateboard .	what is boy putting ?	helmet
29987	boy is putting a helmet and is fixing his skateboard .	what is boy fixing ?	skateboard
29988	boy is going down an slope passing by houses till is dark .	who is going down an slope passing by houses till is dark ?	boy
29989	A guy is outside chopping wood .	who is outside chopping wood ?	guy
29990	The ax gets stuck on the wood on his first try .	what gets stuck on the wood on his first try ?	ax
29991	The guy pulls the ax out .	who pulls the ax out ?	guy
29991	The guy pulls the ax out .	what does the guy pull out ?	ax
29992	The guy keeps cutting the wood smaller and smaller .	who keeps cutting the wood smaller and smaller ?	guy
29993	A man and woman are talking in a stable .	where are the man and woman talking . ?	stable
29994	The man helps the woman on the horse and she leads it around the arena .	who helps the woman on the horse and she leads it around the arena ?	man
29995	The woman gets off the horse and talks to the camera .	who gets off the horse and talks to the camera ?	woman
29996	Two men are seen sitting on a couch watching tv and speaking back and fourth to one another .	how many men are seen sitting on the couch watching tv and speaking back and fourth to one another ?	two
29997	Another walks into frame speaking and holding a drink and the two men continue speaking to one another .	how many men continue speaking to one another ?	two
29999	A person mops a floor , with the camera only picking up part of the person and the mop .	what does the person mop , with the camera only picking up part of the person and the mop ?	floor
30000	The camera shows a close up of the mop head .	what shows the close up of the mop head ?	camera
30001	A man is shown spinning in circles while throwing a shot put off into the distance .	who is shown spinning in circles while throwing a shot put off into the distance ?	man
30003	A group of people riding bumper cars .	what is the group of people riding ?	cars
30004	The attendant crosses the course dodging the bumper cars .	who crosses the course dodging the bumper cars ?	attendant
30004	The attendant crosses the course dodging the bumper cars .	the attendant crosses the course dodging what ?	cars
30005	The attendant hops onto a girls car and helps her maneuver the car .	who hops onto the girls car and helps her maneuver the car ?	attendant
30005	The attendant hops onto a girls car and helps her maneuver the car .	what does the attendant help her maneuver ?	car
30006	The attendant continues running across the course assisting drivers while the the other drivers continue to crash into each other .	who continues running across the course assisting drivers while the the other drivers continue to crash into each other ?	attendant
30008	A group of teens meet on the road and watch a teen skateboard .	what do the group of teens watch ?	skateboard
30009	A teen enters a skateboard ramp and skateboard around .	who enters the skateboard ramp and skateboard around ?	teen
30009	A teen enters a skateboard ramp and skateboard around .	what does the teen enter ?	ramp
30010	A boy skateboards on a road passing a city and a field .	who skateboards on the road passing a city and a field ?	boy
30011	Two teens skateboard on a road .	how many teens skateboard on the road ?	two
30012	A woman is sitting on the floor with her shoes off .	who is sitting on the floor with her shoes off ?	woman
30013	The woman puts one shoe on .	who puts one shoe on ?	woman
30013	The woman puts one shoe on .	what does the woman put on ?	shoe
30013	The woman puts one shoe on .	how many shoe does the woman put on ?	one
30015	The camera briefly shifts right to show another individual .	what briefly shifts right to show another individual ?	camera
30016	The camera returns to the woman still putting the shoe on .	what returns to the woman still putting the shoe on ?	camera
30017	The camera shifts right to several individuals in the room , waiting for the woman to put her shoes on .	what shifts right to several individuals in the room , waiting for the woman to put her shoes on ?	camera
30017	The camera shifts right to several individuals in the room , waiting for the woman to put her shoes on .	where does the camera shift , waiting for the woman to put her shoes on . ?	room
30018	The camera shifts back to the woman , still putting her shoe on .	what shifts back to the woman , still putting her shoe on ?	camera
30019	The woman begins putting the other shoe on .	who begins putting the other shoe on ?	woman
30020	A woman stands in front of a mirror smiling and begins brushing her hair .	who stands in front of a mirror smiling and begins brushing her hair ?	woman
30021	She continues brushing her hair and looking at herself in the mirror .	where does she continue brushing her hair and looking . ?	mirror
30022	A man is standing outside on a sidewalk with a silver camera in his hand filming something .	who is standing outside on the sidewalk with a silver camera in his hand filming something ?	man
30023	As the camera turns , the man is filming someone on a one-seater paddling as he is playing a bag of pipes .	who is , filming someone on a one-seater paddling as he is playing a bag of pipes ?	man
30024	The man continues , and a gruop of people crowd around him and watch him until he falls off the wheel .	who continues , and the gruop of people crowd around him and watch him until he falls off the wheel ?	man
30031	The big waves moves the boat up and down .	what does the big waves move up and down ?	boat
30033	A man drives a car , the car stops with a flat tire .	who drives the car , the car stops with a flat tire ?	man
30033	A man drives a car , the car stops with a flat tire .	what does the man drive , the car stops with a flat tire ?	car
30034	The man turn off the emergency lights , and then uses a repair kit to inflate the tire .	who turn off the emergency lights , and then uses a repair kit to inflate the tire ?	man
30035	Then , the man advance the car a little and the tire inflates .	who do then , advance the car a little and the tire inflates ?	man
30036	After , the man drives his car .	who does after , drive his car ?	man
30036	After , the man drives his car .	what does after , the man drive ?	car
30038	The man lifts the weight over his head and throws it on the ground .	who lifts the weight over his head and throws it on the ground ?	man
30043	A woman is seen sitting in a wheelchair looking to the camera and wheels herself over to a side .	who is seen sitting in the wheelchair looking to the camera and wheels herself over to a side ?	woman
30046	The chef begins by removing and slicing the endive .	who begins by removing and slicing the endive ?	chef
30047	The chef then places them in a bin , afterwards he slices and peels more .	who then places them in a bin , afterwards he slices and peels more ?	chef
30048	The chef then chops romaine and places them in a silver bin and mixes endive with the romaine .	who then chops romaine and places them in a silver bin and mixes endive with the romaine ?	chef
30048	The chef then chops romaine and places them in a silver bin and mixes endive with the romaine .	the chef then chops what and places them in a silver bin ?	romaine
30048	The chef then chops romaine and places them in a silver bin and mixes endive with the romaine .	what does the chef mix with the romaine ?	endive
30049	Finally he removes the salad mixture with a dressing on it from a round silver bowl and places the salad on a white plate .	what does finally he place on a white plate ?	salad
30049	Finally he removes the salad mixture with a dressing on it from a round silver bowl and places the salad on a white plate .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
30050	A young child is seen kicking around in the middle of a room .	who is seen kicking around in the middle of a room ?	child
30051	The kid kicks both of his legs around while the camera pans around .	who kicks both of his legs around while the camera pans around ?	kid
30052	Another child is seen kicking on the side while a dog walks in and out of frame .	who is seen kicking on the side while a dog walks in and out of frame ?	child
30053	A small child wearing a wig is seen holding a violin and speaking to the camera .	who is wearing a wig is seen holding a violin and speaking to the camera ?	child
30053	A small child wearing a wig is seen holding a violin and speaking to the camera .	the small child wearing what is seen holding a violin and speaking to the camera ?	wig
30055	A man is seen talking to the camera and presents his knife and sharpener .	who is seen talking to the camera and presents his knife and sharpener ?	man
30056	He then glides the knife down the sharpener and shows how other knives work with different sharpeners .	what does he then glide down the sharpener ?	knife
30057	He presents the knife one last time while still speaking to the camera .	what does he present last time ?	knife
30058	A man is mopping a floor .	who is mopping the floor ?	man
30058	A man is mopping a floor .	what is the man mopping ?	floor
30064	The contact lens is removed from the eye .	what is contact removed from the eye ?	lens
30070	A yorkie dog is shown from several angles .	what is shown from several angles ?	dog
30072	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
30073	We see an electric shaver from various angles .	who do we see from various angles ?	shaver
30074	The man unwraps the product and takes it out of the bag .	who unwraps the product and takes it out of the bag ?	man
30074	The man unwraps the product and takes it out of the bag .	what does the man unwrap ?	product
30075	The product is being taken out of it 's packaging .	what is being taken out of it 's packaging ?	product
30076	The man shaves his hand then adds a guard and shaves his beard and the hairline in back .	who shaves his hand then adds a guard and shaves his beard and the hairline in back ?	man
30077	The man rinses the shaver and works on his neck .	who rinses the shaver and works on his neck ?	man
30077	The man rinses the shaver and works on his neck .	who does the man rinse ?	shaver
30078	We then see the ending screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
30079	A man and a woman dressed in snow clothing are walking in the snow and they begin to drill into the ice ground with hand held red crank long drills .	what is the color of the drills ?	red
30081	After they 're done fishing , they are now at a wood fire and the fish is cooking on the wood .	what are , they now at a wood fire and is cooking on the wood ?	fish
30082	A man works on a kite .	who works on the kite ?	man
30083	Another man holding a baby holds up the kite 's spool .	who is holding a baby holds up the kite 's spool ?	man
30083	Another man holding a baby holds up the kite 's spool .	another man holding who holds up the kite 's spool ?	baby
30083	Another man holding a baby holds up the kite 's spool .	what is another man holding a baby holds up spool ?	kite
30083	Another man holding a baby holds up the kite 's spool .	what is another man holding a baby holds up ?	spool
30084	A third man works on a similar kite while the second man holds a spool .	who works on the similar kite while the second man holds a spool ?	man
30085	The men fly the kites from a rooftop .	what do the men fly from a rooftop ?	kites
30087	A man is standing on ice with his pole standing straight up beside him .	who is standing on ice with his pole standing straight up beside him ?	man
30088	The man grabs his fishing pole and starts fishing in the hole in the ice .	who grabs his fishing pole and starts fishing in the hole in the ice ?	man
30088	The man grabs his fishing pole and starts fishing in the hole in the ice .	what does the man grab fishing ?	pole
30089	The man appears to have caught something and kneels down to pull his fishing line by hand .	who appears to have caught something and kneels down to pull his fishing line by hand ?	man
30090	The man pulls a fish out of the water and poses with it .	who pulls the fish out of the water and poses with it ?	man
30090	The man pulls a fish out of the water and poses with it .	what does the man pull out of the water ?	fish
30091	The man unhooks the hook from the fish 's mouth .	who unhooks the hook from the fish 's mouth ?	man
30091	The man unhooks the hook from the fish 's mouth .	what does the man unhook from the fish 's mouth ?	hook
30092	The man kisses the fish and releases it back into the hole .	who kisses the fish and releases it back into the hole ?	man
30092	The man kisses the fish and releases it back into the hole .	what does the man kiss ?	fish
30093	A boy is sitting in a chair behind a counter .	who is sitting in the chair behind a counter ?	boy
30094	A girl comes up next to him and tries to feed him cereal .	who comes up next to him and tries to feed him cereal ?	girl
30098	The floor is being cleaned at walking speed .	what is being cleaned at walking speed ?	floor
30099	The man continues to demonstrate the usage until an ad for the company appears at the end .	who continues to demonstrate the usage until an ad for the company appears at the end ?	man
30101	A man is on the plane wearing a mask .	who is on the plane wearing a mask ?	man
30104	A man is holding the arm of a canister vacuum in a vacuum showroom .	who is holding the arm of a canister vacuum in a vacuum showroom ?	man
30105	The man lifts the arm and shows it to the camera .	who lifts the arm and shows it to the camera ?	man
30106	The man then pretends , then actually vacuums the linoleum floor with the vacuum .	who then pretends , then actually vacuums the linoleum floor with the vacuum ?	man
30106	The man then pretends , then actually vacuums the linoleum floor with the vacuum .	the man then actually vacuums what with the vacuum ?	floor
30108	A man towels off in a room .	who towels off in the room ?	man
30108	A man towels off in a room .	where does the man towel off . ?	room
30110	Between dives , the scoreboard is shown again .	what is between dives , shown again ?	scoreboard
30112	A woman is seen smiling to the camera holding up a blow dryer and various attachments .	who is seen smiling to the camera holding up a blow dryer and various attachments ?	woman
30113	She is then seen again with wet hair and then sprays liquid into her hair and then blow dries her hair more .	she then sprays blow who ?	dries
30115	A young man wearing a white shirt and helmet and black pants is holding a skateboard in his hands as he walks .	who is wearing a white shirt and helmet and black pants is holding a skateboard in his hands as he walks ?	man
30115	A young man wearing a white shirt and helmet and black pants is holding a skateboard in his hands as he walks .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
30116	He puts the skateboard down and begins skating on an asphalt road .	what does he put down ?	skateboard
30118	Two people walk past him as he continues to skateboard .	how many people walk past him as he continues to skateboard ?	two
30119	The man begins to speed up on his skateboard as he goes down the road .	who begins to speed up on his skateboard as he goes down the road ?	man
30126	A woman pushes a lawn mower through the grass .	who pushes the lawn mower through the grass ?	woman
30126	A woman pushes a lawn mower through the grass .	what does the woman push through the grass ?	mower
30127	The lady lifts the mower and backs up .	who lifts the mower and backs up ?	lady
30127	The lady lifts the mower and backs up .	what does the lady lift ?	mower
30128	The lady turns the mower .	who turns the mower ?	lady
30128	The lady turns the mower .	what does the lady turn ?	mower
30129	woman is standing in font of a counter and is talking to the camera .	who is standing in font of a counter and is talking to the camera ?	woman
30130	a clean sink is shown and a woman claing the surface of water and wine with a cloth and then with an sponge .	what is shown and the woman claing the surface of water and wine with a cloth and then with an sponge ?	sink
30130	a clean sink is shown and a woman claing the surface of water and wine with a cloth and then with an sponge .	who is the clean sink shown and claing the surface of water and wine with a cloth and then with an sponge ?	woman
30131	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink .	who put the cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink ?	woman
30131	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink .	what did the woman put on a cloth , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink ?	cleaner
30131	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink .	what does the woman clean , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink ?	sink
30131	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink .	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then who is talking and a white table covers the sink ?	woman
30131	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink .	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers what ?	sink
30131	the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink , then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink .	what is the color of the table ?	white
30132	A young girl is standing on a court with a jump rope .	who is standing on the court with a jump rope ?	girl
30136	We see people playing paintball in the woods .	what do we see in the woods ?	paintball
30139	We see an empty metal tank .	what do we see ?	tank
30144	We see a ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
30145	A man kneels down by a tree in a yard .	who kneels down by the tree in a yard ?	man
30148	A person runs and jumps wearing bouncing shoes , and a man make a surprised face .	the person runs and jumps wearing bouncing shoes , and who make a surprised face ?	man
30149	People wearing bouncing shoes bounce and jumps in a gym , a presenter talks and also tries the bouncing shoes .	where are people wearing bouncing shoes bounce and jumps , a presenter talks and also tries the bouncing shoes . ?	gym
30152	A person rides a bike in the gym .	where does the person rid a bike . ?	gym
30153	Two men wearing bouncing shoes stand front to front in a TV set .	how many men is wearing bouncing shoes stand front to front in a tv set ?	two
30154	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her pouring ice into a glass followed by various liquids .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her pouring ice into a glass followed by various liquids ?	woman
30156	A woman walks out onto the grass .	who walks out onto the grass ?	woman
30157	Two small dogs follow her on leashes .	what follow her on leashes ?	dogs
30157	Two small dogs follow her on leashes .	how many small dogs follow her on leashes ?	two
30158	She bends down and the dogs come up to her .	what does she bend down and come up to her ?	dogs
30159	A young child is seen standing ready before a game of hop scotch .	who is seen standing ready before the game of hop scotch ?	child
30160	The girl then begins hopping on the chalk .	who then begins hopping on the chalk ?	girl
30161	The girl hops all the way to the end and walks back to the screen .	who hops all the way to the end and walks back to the screen ?	girl
30162	A man is washing his hands in the sink .	who is washing his hands in the sink ?	man
30162	A man is washing his hands in the sink .	where is the man washing his hands . ?	sink
30163	He takes a yellow rag and cleans the sink and faucet .	what is the color of the rag ?	yellow
30164	A white bottle of cleaner is shown .	what is the color of the bottle ?	white
30166	People are jumping off a rock into the water .	what are people jumping off into the water ?	rock
30169	An athlete walks in front of a crowd rubbing his hands in powder and grabbing a weight set .	who walks in front of a crowd rubbing his hands in powder and grabbing a weight set ?	athlete
30171	A unicorn pinata sways in the wind from a line .	what sways in the wind from a line ?	pinata
30172	A woman swings wildly at it with a bat , as she is blindfolded .	who swings wildly at it with a bat , as she is blindfolded ?	woman
30173	A man is seen hosting a news segment and speaking to the camera .	who is seen hosting the news segment and speaking to the camera ?	man
30174	The man is then seen helping another lay down plaster .	who is then seen helping another lay down plaster ?	man
30175	The host continues helping the men tear up floor as well as lay it down and speak to the camera .	who continues helping the men tear up floor as well as lay it down and speak to the camera ?	host
30177	The man stops jumping the first time .	who stops jumping the first time ?	man
30179	The jumping man faces and walks towards the camera .	who faces and walks towards the camera ?	man
30180	We see the title screen on white A lady sits in a chair talking .	what is the color of the lady ?	white
30181	The lady starts painting on her hand .	who starts painting on her hand ?	lady
30182	We see the closing credits on a white screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
30183	A young man is seen pushing a puck down a table to another man standing on the other side .	who is seen pushing the puck down a table to another man standing on the other side ?	man
30184	The other man then pushes a puck and the boys continue playing the game back and fourth .	who then pushes the puck and the boys continue playing the game back and fourth ?	man
30185	The camera zooms in on the men in the end as well as other people standing around the room .	what zooms in on the men in the end as well as other people standing around the room ?	camera
30186	A man sitting in a leaf blower starts the machine and blows a large pile of leafs into the brush nearby .	who is sitting in a leaf blower starts the machine and blows a large pile of leafs into the brush nearby ?	man
30186	A man sitting in a leaf blower starts the machine and blows a large pile of leafs into the brush nearby .	what is the man sitting in a leaf blower starts and blows a large pile of leafs into the brush nearby ?	machine
30188	The cameraman stops the vehicle and gets out .	who stops the vehicle and gets out ?	cameraman
30188	The cameraman stops the vehicle and gets out .	what does the cameraman stop ?	vehicle
30189	We see the full vehicle from the front and see the field .	what do we see from the front ?	vehicle
30191	The marching band pass on front a carnival and a green field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
30193	An old man holding a trophy walks on front the marching band .	who is holding a trophy walks on front the marching band ?	man
30195	A bond lady applaud , hug people and talks .	who applaud , hug people and talks ?	lady
30197	A girl begins to make a drink called a Mai Tai .	who begins to make the drink called a mai tai ?	girl
30201	She shakes the shaker for a bit until it gets cold and pours the drink into the glass over the ice .	who does she shake for a bit ?	shaker
30205	Two men with a referee in the middle appear on a stage and they are in an intense arm wrestling match .	how many men with a referee in the middle appear on a stage ?	two
30207	Another match between two men begins and ones again the same man that won the first match wins again .	who did another match between two men ones again ?	man
30208	men are standing in a large green field playing lacrosse .	what is the color of the lacrosse ?	green
30211	A boy pulls a string of a home fitness machine while talking .	who pulls the string of a home fitness machine while talking ?	boy
30212	Then , the boy falls down the floor .	who does then , fall down the floor ?	boy
30213	A camera pans around a set of stairs and leads into people working out in a class .	what pans around the set of stairs and leads into people working out in a class ?	camera
30215	The man continues speaking while more people are shown working out together .	who continues speaking while more people are shown working out together ?	man
30216	A woman is lifting wallpaper as she tries to smooth it down without bubbles with a tool .	who is lifting wallpaper as she tries to smooth it down without bubbles with a tool ?	woman
30217	She applies the tool smoothly , making sure to repeel and correct any mistakes as she goes along .	what does she apply smoothly , ?	tool
30220	Another team member scores a goal and their teammates run in with their arms up .	another team who a goal and their teammates run in with their arms up ?	member
30221	An athletic man wearing a track suit and a bib number 171 is walking on a track and warming himself up .	who is wearing a track suit and a bib number 171 is walking on a track and warming himself up ?	man
30223	The man drops the necklace from his mouth and immediately begins to run and does his hop , skip and jump .	who drops the necklace from his mouth and immediately begins to run and does his hop , skip and jump ?	man
30223	The man drops the necklace from his mouth and immediately begins to run and does his hop , skip and jump .	what does the man drop from his mouth ?	necklace
30225	A man is waterskiing behind a boat while holding a rope .	who is waterskiing behind the boat while holding a rope ?	man
30230	A man is riding a rowing machine in a gym .	who is riding the rowing machine in a gym ?	man
30230	A man is riding a rowing machine in a gym .	where is the man riding a rowing machine . ?	gym
30232	The man continues to row as people walk by in the gym .	who continues to row as people walk by in the gym ?	man
30234	The gates close in their lanes .	who close in their lanes ?	gates
30240	Many runners start trickling in and slowing down stopping once they get to that point .	who start trickling in and slowing down stopping once they get to that point ?	runners
30244	A man talks to the camera , demonstrating how to water ski .	who talks to the camera , demonstrating how to water ski ?	man
30246	A woman is drinking a cup of coffee .	who is drinking the cup of coffee ?	woman
30247	Coffee beans are shown in a cup .	what are shown in the cup ?	beans
30247	Coffee beans are shown in a cup .	where are coffee beans shown . ?	cup
30249	A cup mug is being filled with coffee .	what is being filled with coffee ?	mug
30250	People are riding bikes down the street .	what are people riding down the street ?	bicycles
30252	One rider crashes over a jump and falls off his bike .	what does one rider fall off ?	bicycle
30252	One rider crashes over a jump and falls off his bike .	how many rider crashes over the jump and falls off his bike ?	one
30253	The other rider slows down and pulls off the track .	what does the other rider pull off ?	track
30261	A young man is sitting in a chair with his head down shaving his leg with an electric razor .	who is sitting in the chair with his head down shaving his leg with an electric razor ?	man
30262	The man stops and cleans out the razor .	who stops and cleans out the razor ?	man
30262	The man stops and cleans out the razor .	what does the man clean out ?	razor
30263	The man shakes the razor when it stops working until it starts again and continues to shave his leg .	who shakes the razor when it stops working until it starts again and continues to shave his leg ?	man
30263	The man shakes the razor when it stops working until it starts again and continues to shave his leg .	what does the man shake ?	razor
30264	A dog is outside in a large field and runs towards a man holding a yellow Frisbee .	what is outside in the large field and runs towards a man holding a yellow frisbee ?	dog
30264	A dog is outside in a large field and runs towards a man holding a yellow Frisbee .	what is the dog outside in a large field and runs towards a man holding ?	frisbee
30264	A dog is outside in a large field and runs towards a man holding a yellow Frisbee .	what is the color of the frisbee ?	yellow
30265	The man then begins walking and throws the frisbee for the dog to catch .	who then begins walking and throws the frisbee for the dog to catch ?	man
30266	He throws it several time and the dog catches each and every one .	what does he throw it several time and catches each and every one ?	dog
30267	kids are playing beach soccer in a dusty field .	who are playing beach soccer in a dusty field ?	kids
30269	man makes a goal and the team and people in stands are celebrating .	who makes the goal and the team and people in stands are celebrating ?	man
30270	man is doing a corner and scores a goal and ruun to his teammates to celebrate .	who is doing the corner and scores a goal and ruun to his teammates to celebrate ?	man
30272	An Asian woman wearing a blue shirt and begins talking and throwing her hands up at the camera .	who wearing a blue shirt and begins talking and throwing her hands up at the camera ?	woman
30272	An Asian woman wearing a blue shirt and begins talking and throwing her hands up at the camera .	an asian woman wearing what and begins talking and throwing her hands up at the camera ?	shirt
30272	An Asian woman wearing a blue shirt and begins talking and throwing her hands up at the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
30273	She then grabs an iron and continues to iron a yellow piece of cloth on the ironing board .	what is the color of the piece ?	yellow
30276	A man talks to the camera in a kitchen .	who talks to the camera in a kitchen ?	man
30277	The man spreads mustard on bread .	who spreads mustard on bread ?	man
30278	The man assembles the sandwich .	who assembles the sandwich ?	man
30278	The man assembles the sandwich .	what does the man assemble ?	sandwich
30280	The man cuts the sandwich .	who cuts the sandwich ?	man
30280	The man cuts the sandwich .	what does the man cut ?	sandwich
30281	The man plates all of the food .	who plates all of the food ?	man
30282	There 's a man sitting on a busy city street wearing a turban and smoking a cigarette .	who does there 's sitting on a busy city street wearing a turban and smoking a cigarette ?	man
30286	A person throws a ball to a teen who runs and kick the ball .	what does the person throw to a teen who runs and kick the ball ?	ball
30287	A teen grabs the ball in the air and throws to another girl .	who grabs the ball in the air and throws to another girl ?	teen
30290	A man pushes a puck along several times while others do the same behind him .	who pushes the puck along several times while others do the same behind him ?	man
30290	A man pushes a puck along several times while others do the same behind him .	who does the man push along several times ?	puck
30292	A young lady wearing a colorful swimsuit is underwater swimming in a pool .	who is wearing a colorful swimsuit is underwater swimming in a pool ?	lady
30292	A young lady wearing a colorful swimsuit is underwater swimming in a pool .	the young lady wearing what is underwater swimming in a pool ?	swimsuit
30292	A young lady wearing a colorful swimsuit is underwater swimming in a pool .	where is the young lady wearing a colorful swimsuit is underwater swimming . ?	pool
30293	A screen flashes and shows step two as the girl demonstrates swimming with your feet close together .	what flashes and shows step two as the girl demonstrates swimming with your feet close together ?	screen
30294	Next , a warning screen appears saying not to swim without goggles as the girl does the exact opposite .	what does next , appear saying not to swim without goggles as the girl does the exact opposite ?	screen
30295	After , the girl is shown with an orange mermaid tail on swimming under water as she joins another `` mermaid '' .	who is after , shown with an orange mermaid tail on swimming under water as she joins another `` mermaid '' ?	girl
30295	After , the girl is shown with an orange mermaid tail on swimming under water as she joins another `` mermaid '' .	what is the color of the tail ?	orange
30298	The man jumps at 6 '11 again and we see the replay .	who jumps at 6 '11 again and we see the replay ?	man
30299	We see the man jump at 7 ' 2 and we see the replay .	who do we see at 7 ' 2 and we see the replay ?	jump
30300	We see the man jump at 8 ' 3 using a springboard and we see the replay .	who do we see at 8 ' 3 and we see the replay ?	jump
30304	They play rock paper scissors , and the loser becomes enraged .	what do they play , and the loser becomes enraged ?	scissors
30304	They play rock paper scissors , and the loser becomes enraged .	who do they play rock paper scissors , and becomes enraged ?	loser
30306	The man is shown sitting on a chair , talking .	who is shown sitting on the chair , talking ?	man
30307	He shakes up a bottle and takes a drink before choking .	what does he shake up ?	bottle
30309	A man is sitting on a bucket ice fishing .	who is sitting on the bucket ice fishing ?	man
30310	He stands up and pulls a fish out of the hole .	what does he pull out of the hole ?	fish
30311	He cuts the hook out of the fish and throws the fish on the ice .	what does he cut out of the fish ?	hook
30311	He cuts the hook out of the fish and throws the fish on the ice .	what does he throw on the ice ?	fish
30313	A large mat is seen with a bar on top and two people watching on the sides .	what is seen with the bar on top and two people watching on the sides ?	mat
30314	A man is then seen running in from the side .	who is then seen running in from the side ?	man
30315	The man jumps over the beam and stands up on the mat .	who jumps over the beam and stands up on the mat ?	man
30316	A man is playing the bagpipes .	who is playing the bagpipes ?	man
30316	A man is playing the bagpipes .	what is the man playing ?	bagpipes
30318	A man in a blue shirt is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
30319	A man serves a ball to play squash with a partner .	who serves the ball to play squash with a partner ?	man
30319	A man serves a ball to play squash with a partner .	what does the man serve ?	ball
30320	The men hit the ball to the wall .	what did the men hit to the wall ?	ball
30321	The man bounce the ball on the floor .	who bounce the ball on the floor ?	man
30322	Four people play Foosball at a Foosball table .	how many people play foosball at a foosball table ?	four
30324	The same girl reaches across the table to control an arm on the other side .	who reaches across the table to control an arm on the other side ?	girl
30327	The words `` How to Fly a Kite With No Wind '' appear on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
30328	Man wearing a yellow t-shirt appears in a large suburban field .	who is wearing a yellow t-shirt appears in a large suburban field ?	man
30328	Man wearing a yellow t-shirt appears in a large suburban field .	man wearing what appears in a large suburban field ?	t-shirt
30328	Man wearing a yellow t-shirt appears in a large suburban field .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	yellow
30329	The man puts together a rainbow colored kite with long yellow tails .	who puts together the rainbow colored kite with long yellow tails ?	man
30329	The man puts together a rainbow colored kite with long yellow tails .	what is the color of the tails ?	yellow
30330	The man drives a small green mowing tractor while holding the kite 's string as it flies above .	who drives the small green mowing tractor while holding the kite 's string as it flies above ?	man
30330	The man drives a small green mowing tractor while holding the kite 's string as it flies above .	what does the man drive while holding the kite 's string as it flies above ?	tractor
30330	The man drives a small green mowing tractor while holding the kite 's string as it flies above .	what is the color of the tractor ?	green
30331	A young lady speaks on screen and then drives the tractor while holding the flying kite .	who speaks on screen and then drives the tractor while holding the flying kite ?	lady
30331	A young lady speaks on screen and then drives the tractor while holding the flying kite .	the young lady then drives what while holding the flying kite ?	tractor
30332	A person in a black coat is scraping ice off of a window .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
30333	A kid in a yellow coat is smiling at the camera .	what is the color of the coat ?	yellow
30334	A boy in a green jacket is scraping the ice off of another car .	what is the color of the jacket ?	green
30335	The news shows a picture of a man name Albertinho Gazio , Meanwhile a woman walking out of her house in snow gear towards her parked car .	who does the news show a picture of a man name albertinho gazio , meanwhile walking out of her house in snow gear towards her parked car ?	woman
30336	His hands are extremely red from the snow but his wife is wearing gloves so she 's unaffected .	who are his hands extremely red from the snow but is wearing gloves so she 's unaffected ?	wife
30336	His hands are extremely red from the snow but his wife is wearing gloves so she 's unaffected .	what are his hands extremely red from the snow but his wife is wearing ?	gloves
30338	A girl put her foot on a line and then pulls herself up .	who put her foot on a line and then pulls herself up ?	girl
30340	A man gets up on the rope trying to balance himself also , he has trouble maintaining his balance causing himself to almost fall quite a bit .	who gets up on the rope trying to balance himself also , he has trouble maintaining his balance causing himself to almost fall quite a bit ?	man
30346	A person plays bagpipes on the streets as people pass by .	what does the person play on the streets ?	bagpipes
30348	There 's a gymnast wearing red leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in a large stadium with spectators and a panel of judges .	who does there 's wearing red leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in a large stadium with spectators and a panel of judges ?	gymnast
30348	There 's a gymnast wearing red leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in a large stadium with spectators and a panel of judges .	there 's a gymnast wearing what ?	leotards
30348	There 's a gymnast wearing red leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in a large stadium with spectators and a panel of judges .	what is the color of the leotards ?	red
30352	Two sumos stand face to face on front a woman .	how many sumos stand face to face on front a woman ?	two
30355	A man wearing yellow clothes approach the ring .	who is wearing yellow clothes approach the ring ?	man
30355	A man wearing yellow clothes approach the ring .	the man wearing what approach the ring ?	clothes
30355	A man wearing yellow clothes approach the ring .	what is the color of the clothes ?	yellow
30356	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a box up to show an instrument inside .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a box up to show an instrument inside ?	man
30357	The man pulls out the harmonica and continues to show it off to the camera .	who pulls out the harmonica and continues to show it off to the camera ?	man
30357	The man pulls out the harmonica and continues to show it off to the camera .	what does the man pull out ?	harmonica
30358	The man plays the harmonica and pauses to hold it up to the screen as well as a picture .	who plays the harmonica and pauses to hold it up to the screen as well as a picture ?	man
30358	The man plays the harmonica and pauses to hold it up to the screen as well as a picture .	what does the man play ?	harmonica
30359	A man wearing a hat is seen speaking to the camera and holding up various cleaning products .	who is wearing a hat is seen speaking to the camera and holding up various cleaning products ?	man
30359	A man wearing a hat is seen speaking to the camera and holding up various cleaning products .	the man wearing what is seen speaking to the camera and holding up various cleaning products ?	hat
30362	A man is talking to the camera while styling a woman 's hair .	who is talking to the camera while styling a woman 's hair ?	man
30363	The man is showing various hair care products .	who is showing various hair care products ?	man
30363	The man is showing various hair care products .	what is the man showing care ?	products
30364	The man is drying the woman 's hair with a blow dryer .	who is drying the woman 's hair with a blow dryer ?	man
30365	The man shows a hair brush .	who shows the hair brush ?	man
30366	The man hands the woman the brush and blow dryer .	who hands the woman the brush and blow dryer ?	man
30367	The woman proceeds to dry her own hair .	who proceeds to dry her own hair ?	woman
30368	The man resumes blow drying the woman 's hair .	who resumes blow drying the woman 's hair ?	man
30368	The man resumes blow drying the woman 's hair .	the man resumes blow drying who hair ?	woman
30369	The man sprays the woman 's hair with hairspray .	who sprays the woman 's hair with hairspray ?	man
30369	The man sprays the woman 's hair with hairspray .	who did the man spray hair with hairspray ?	woman
30372	There 's a woman dressed in a beige sweater demonstrating how to wrap Christmas gifts .	who does there 's dressed in a beige sweater demonstrating how to wrap christmas gifts ?	woman
30375	Then she uses scotch tape to seal the ends securely .	what does then she use ?	tape
30378	A boy paddles a boat .	who paddles the boat ?	boy
30378	A boy paddles a boat .	what does the boy paddle ?	boat
30380	We see a track with people standing around .	what do we see with people standing around ?	track
30382	The man returns and we see another javelin thrower with him .	who returns and we see another javelin thrower with him ?	man
30382	The man returns and we see another javelin thrower with him .	who does the man return and we see with him ?	thrower
30384	The camera is lowered and covered by a hand .	what is lowered and covered by the hand ?	camera
30385	A man is shown doing a jump in slow motion on a track several times back to back .	who is shown doing the jump in slow motion on a track several times back to back ?	man
30386	The camera shows several different angles of the athlete jumping in a line as well as into the pit on sand .	what shows several different angles of the athlete jumping in a line as well as into the pit on sand ?	camera
30388	A girl is lighting a cigarette and blowing smoke .	who is lighting the cigarette and blowing smoke ?	girl
30388	A girl is lighting a cigarette and blowing smoke .	what is the girl lighting and blowing smoke ?	cigarette
30389	An arm comes into view and the girl smells it .	who does an arm come into view and smells it ?	girl
30401	A woman does hula hoops outside and then in the dark alternating .	who does hula hoops outside and then in the dark alternating ?	woman
30402	A man takes a hula hoop and describes it before cutting back to the woman .	who takes the hula hoop and describes it before cutting back to the woman ?	man
30403	A man is seen bending over a block of wood and sanding it own .	who is seen bending over the block of wood and sanding it own ?	man
30407	The girl walks back and fourth hanging up ornaments all over a tree .	who walks back and fourth hanging up ornaments all over a tree ?	girl
30408	The girl continues to hang up ornaments while the camera captures her movements .	who continues to hang up ornaments while the camera captures her movements ?	girl
30409	A man peels a potato while blindfolded and two little girls watch .	who peels the potato while blindfolded and two little girls watch ?	man
30409	A man peels a potato while blindfolded and two little girls watch .	what does the man peel ?	potato
30410	The man finishes and holds up the potato to the camera .	who finishes and holds up the potato to the camera ?	man
30411	The man picks up a peel off the table .	who picks up the peel off the table ?	man
30411	The man picks up a peel off the table .	who does the man pick up off the table ?	peel
30412	the man removes his blindfold .	who removes his blindfold ?	man
30412	the man removes his blindfold .	what does the man remove ?	blindfold
30414	One person makes a shot with a black puck .	how many person makes the shot with a black puck ?	one
30414	One person makes a shot with a black puck .	what is the color of the puck ?	black
30415	The next person makes a shot with a yellow puck .	what is the color of the puck ?	yellow
30416	The people continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck .	what is the color of the puck ?	black
30417	An elderly man is seated in the living room .	who is seated in the living room ?	man
30417	An elderly man is seated in the living room .	where is an elderly man seated . ?	room
30420	A woman is playing an acoustic guitar .	who is playing an acoustic guitar ?	woman
30420	A woman is playing an acoustic guitar .	what is the woman playing ?	guitar
30421	A woman standing next to her is dancing and twirling a baton .	what is the woman standing next to her dancing and twirling ?	baton
30425	He finishes the glass in record time and turns off the camera .	what does he turn off ?	camera
30426	Some people are floating on the ocean on a yellow raft .	what is the color of the raft ?	yellow
30432	kids are in a park around a squarepants bob sponge pinata pulling threads .	who are in the park around a squarepants bob sponge pinata pulling threads ?	kids
30433	woman is behind playground holding a bag and watching the kids .	who is behind playground holding a bag and watching the kids ?	woman
30434	woman holds the pinata while kids keep pulling from the pinata .	who holds the pinata while kids keep pulling from the pinata ?	woman
30434	woman holds the pinata while kids keep pulling from the pinata .	what does woman hold ?	pinata
30435	kid pulls the thread and opn the pinata and kneel in the floor picking up candies .	who pulls the thread and opn the pinata and kneel in the floor picking up candies ?	kid
30435	kid pulls the thread and opn the pinata and kneel in the floor picking up candies .	what does kid pull ?	thread
30442	Three people are seen kneeling on a small raft and flip themselves into the water .	how many people are seen kneeling on the small raft and flip themselves into the water ?	three
30443	More people are seen padding along and move over to the people in the water .	what are more people seen along ?	padding
30444	The people in the water climb back in and finally put themselves in a canoe .	where did the people in the water climb back in and finally put themselves . ?	canoe
30445	A wind surfer surfs against heavy waves .	who surfs against heavy waves ?	surfer
30446	The surfer flings his board against a wave , flying high into the air .	who flings his board against a wave , flying high into the air ?	surfer
30447	The surfer lands back on the waters and resumes his surf .	who lands back on the waters and resumes his surf ?	surfer
30448	A woman is doing kickboxing in front of a mirrored wall .	who is doing kickboxing in front of a mirrored wall ?	woman
30452	They hit the ball back and forth against the wall .	what did they hit back and forth against the wall ?	ball
30454	A cricket player hits a ball that is pitched .	what does the cricket player hit ?	ball
30455	A player makes a diving catch in the outfield .	where does the player make a diving catch . ?	outfield
30457	A young man is seen spraying down a dog with water in the middle of an alleyway while the dog moves away from the water .	who is seen spraying down the dog with water in the middle of an alleyway while the dog moves away from the water ?	man
30459	Two people arm wrestle in a competition .	how many people arm wrestle in the competition ?	two
30463	A man is seen kneeling down next to a car while speaking to the camera .	who is seen kneeling down next to the car while speaking to the camera ?	man
30464	The camera pans all around the car as well as the tire while the man continues to speak to the camera .	what pans all around the car as well as the tire while the man continues to speak to the camera ?	camera
30465	A man serves a ball in a beach volleyball game , then he run on front the net to receive the ball while people watch the game in a beach .	who serves the ball in a beach volleyball game , then he run on front the net to receive the ball while people watch the game in a beach ?	man
30466	A serves a ball and plays while people watch the game in a beach .	what does a serve ?	ball
30468	A man demonstrates how to clean the glass in the windows of the doors .	who demonstrates how to clean the glass in the windows of the doors ?	man
30470	He continues going down one door , cleaning each individual window .	how many door does he continue going down , cleaning each individual window ?	one
30471	A woman is mowing a lawn , pushing the mower back and forth .	who is mowing the lawn , pushing the mower back and forth ?	woman
30475	A goalie tries to block a ball and does the splits but misses the ball .	who tries to block the ball and does the splits but misses the ball ?	goalie
30475	A goalie tries to block a ball and does the splits but misses the ball .	what does the goalie miss ?	ball
30476	woman is standing in a kitchen and is eating a cake full of cream .	who is standing in the kitchen and is eating a cake full of cream ?	woman
30476	woman is standing in a kitchen and is eating a cake full of cream .	where is woman standing . ?	kitchen
30477	a cake is in a pot on the counter , woman is speaking to the camera in the kitchen .	what is in the pot on the counter , woman is speaking to the camera in the kitchen ?	cake
30478	cake mix is beat with a mixer , the woman keeps talking and mixing the cake .	what is beat with the mixer , the woman keeps talking and mixing the cake ?	mix
30479	oil is in a pot .	where is oil . ?	pot
30480	woman holds a green pot full of sand and its putted on the pressure cooker .	who holds the green pot full of sand and its putted on the pressure cooker ?	woman
30480	woman holds a green pot full of sand and its putted on the pressure cooker .	what is the color of the pot ?	green
30482	the pression mix is open and then closed while the woman keeps talking in the kitchen , after a ime she open the pot and the cake is ready .	what is open and then closed while the woman keeps talking in the kitchen , after a ime she open the pot and the cake is ready ?	mix
30482	the pression mix is open and then closed while the woman keeps talking in the kitchen , after a ime she open the pot and the cake is ready .	the pression mix is open and then closed , after a ime she open what and the cake is ready ?	pot
30482	the pression mix is open and then closed while the woman keeps talking in the kitchen , after a ime she open the pot and the cake is ready .	the pression mix is open and then closed , after a ime she open the pot and what is ready ?	cake
30483	a decorated cake is shown and the cakes along the pression pot .	what is shown and the cakes along the pression pot ?	cake
30484	A black and white video shows two people in a bedroom , playing guitars .	how many people does the black and white video show in a bedroom , playing guitars ?	two
30484	A black and white video shows two people in a bedroom , playing guitars .	where does the black and white video show two people , playing guitars . ?	bedroom
30490	The man continues to demonstrate how to hit the ball in various angles as well as kneeling on the ground to shoot .	who continues to demonstrate how to hit the ball in various angles as well as kneeling on the ground to shoot ?	man
30491	There 's a girl with long brown hair playing the harmonica in a hospital elevator .	what is the color of the hair ?	brown
30492	The elevator door opens and several people enter the elevator .	what opens and several people enter the elevator ?	door
30492	The elevator door opens and several people enter the elevator .	what does the elevator door open and several people enter ?	elevator
30495	Then they get off the elevator when they reach their level .	what do then they get off ?	elevator
30496	The lady continues playing the harmonica as the elevator moves further and stops at other levels and more people walk in .	who continues playing the harmonica as the elevator moves further and stops at other levels and more people walk in ?	lady
30498	A person enters the elevator with a man on a stretcher along with some other people .	what does the person enter with a man on a stretcher along with some other people ?	elevator
30500	They get off the elevator when they reach their desired level in the hospital .	what do they get off ?	elevator
30500	They get off the elevator when they reach their desired level in the hospital .	where do they get off the elevator when they reach their desired level . ?	hospital
30501	A toddler wash his hands in the sink .	who wash his hands in the sink ?	toddler
30501	A toddler wash his hands in the sink .	where do the toddler wash his hands . ?	sink
30502	Then , the toddler splash water on his face and smile .	who do then , splash water on his face and smile ?	toddler
30504	Two people are seen arm wrestling with one another while one man holds their hands .	how many people are seen arm wrestling with one another while one man holds their hands ?	two
30509	An older woman is seen sitting in a chair knitting while holding two needles and leads into her showing off her knitting basket and speaking to the camera .	who is seen sitting in the chair knitting while holding two needles and leads into her showing off her knitting basket and speaking to the camera ?	woman
30510	The woman continues speaking while holding the knitting tools and ends by fading to black .	who continues speaking while holding the knitting tools and ends by fading to black ?	woman
30510	The woman continues speaking while holding the knitting tools and ends by fading to black .	what is the color of the tools ?	black
30516	The man gets out a snowblower and starts snowblowing his driveway .	who gets out the snowblower and starts snowblowing his driveway ?	man
30517	A woman in a blue coat is talking .	what is the color of the coat ?	blue
30518	The man continues snowblowing before talking to the camera .	who continues snowblowing before talking to the camera ?	man
30521	The man finishes the weld and the seam is seen glowing red hot .	who finishes the weld and the seam is seen glowing red hot ?	man
30521	The man finishes the weld and the seam is seen glowing red hot .	what is the color of the hot ?	red
30522	A man taps the finished welled with a metal file .	who taps the finished welled with a metal file ?	man
30523	The video shows a person 's hand holding up an acoustic guitar .	the video shows a person 's hand holding up what ?	guitar
30525	A young man is seen playing his acoustic guitar .	who is seen playing his acoustic guitar ?	man
30526	He is strumming his guitar to a tune .	what is he strumming to a tune ?	guitar
30527	A man is seen in several locations walking along a long rope tied to two trees .	who is seen in several locations walking along a long rope tied to two trees ?	man
30528	The man continues performing several variations on how to walk on the rope as well as jumping up and down and continuing to walk .	who continues performing several variations on how to walk on the rope as well as jumping up and down and continuing to walk ?	man
30529	Several cats are shown sitting around followed by a man speaking to the camera .	what are shown sitting around followed by the man speaking to the camera ?	cats
30531	Several products are shown laid out as well as several people holding cats and cutting their nails .	what are shown laid out as well as several people holding cats and cutting their nails ?	products
30532	men is holding a bucket and is standing in the oof of a house and its working on it .	what is men holding ?	bucket
30533	man is doing the mix in a bucket in a floor and in the roof again .	who is doing the mix in a bucket in a floor and in the roof again ?	man
30533	man is doing the mix in a bucket in a floor and in the roof again .	what is man doing in a bucket in a floor and in the roof again ?	mix
30537	A man is wearing a yellow vest .	who is wearing the yellow vest ?	man
30537	A man is wearing a yellow vest .	what is the man wearing ?	vest
30537	A man is wearing a yellow vest .	what is the color of the vest ?	yellow
30540	A woman is using an iron on a board .	who is using an iron on a board ?	woman
30543	A chef is seen standing before a table with various objects laid out and pulling a piece of food out of pot .	who is seen standing before the table with various objects laid out and pulling a piece of food out of pot ?	chef
30546	A woman is sitting on her little couch thinking about cookies .	who is sitting on her little couch thinking about cookies ?	woman
30550	A camera shows a person 's feet riding down a snow mountain while spinning around in circles .	what shows the person 's feet riding down a snow mountain while spinning around in circles ?	camera
30552	A man stands on a court .	who stands on the court ?	man
30554	Several different athletes are shown hitting balls .	who are shown hitting balls ?	athletes
30556	A man is shown doing several different long jumps back to back while the camera captures him .	who is shown doing several different long jumps back to back while the camera captures him ?	man
30558	A man is pictured next to an ad for yoga .	who is pictured next to an ad for yoga ?	man
30562	These two men are shown spraying the exterior of the black car with soap .	how many men are shown spraying the exterior of the black car with soap ?	two
30562	These two men are shown spraying the exterior of the black car with soap .	what is the color of the car ?	black
30564	They scrubbed almost everywhere to make the black turn into shine .	what is the color of the turn ?	black
30565	Two men are seen standing around a large room and hitting a tennis ball around with tennis rackets .	how many men are seen standing around the large room and hitting a tennis ball around with tennis rackets ?	two
30566	The men hit the ball back and fourth to one another and run around the room at the same time .	what did the men hit back ?	ball
30567	Holiday gift wrapping made easy , this glass store give a tutorial on how to wrap awkward shaped gifts .	what made easy , this glass store give a tutorial on how to wrap awkward shaped gifts ?	wrapping
30570	Then you use tape to hold it down and top it off with a bow .	what do then you use ?	tape
30571	A man is seen speaking to the camera and pans it back to a piano .	who is seen speaking to the camera and pans it back to a piano ?	man
30572	The man then begins playing the piano while the camera captures his movements .	who then begins playing the piano while the camera captures his movements ?	man
30574	A group of people are riding horses and playing polo .	what are the group of people riding and playing polo ?	horses
30574	A group of people are riding horses and playing polo .	who are the group of people riding horses and playing ?	polo
30578	The camera zooms out to show us the whole room .	what zooms out to show us the whole room ?	camera
30579	The lady shows us a spray bottle and shakes it up .	who shows us a spray bottle and shakes it up ?	lady
30580	The lady then speaks to the camera .	who then speaks to the camera ?	lady
30584	A man is cleaning leaves off a sidewalk with a broom and a shovel .	who is cleaning leaves off a sidewalk with a broom and a shovel ?	man
30584	A man is cleaning leaves off a sidewalk with a broom and a shovel .	what is the man cleaning off a sidewalk with a broom and a shovel ?	leaves
30585	The man sweeps the leaves in a circle and puts them in the bin .	who sweeps the leaves in a circle and puts them in the bin ?	man
30585	The man sweeps the leaves in a circle and puts them in the bin .	what does the man sweep in a circle ?	leaves
30586	A yellow bus rides past the man .	what rides past the man ?	bus
30586	A yellow bus rides past the man .	what is the color of the bus ?	yellow
30587	The man sweeps again and puts the leaves in the bin .	who sweeps again and puts the leaves in the bin ?	man
30587	The man sweeps again and puts the leaves in the bin .	what does the man put in the bin ?	leaves
30589	After showing the materials , the teacher touches the student to show perfect form .	who are after showing the materials , touches the student to show perfect form ?	teacher
30589	After showing the materials , the teacher touches the student to show perfect form .	who are after showing the materials , the teacher touches ?	student
30590	This young woman is dancing with the baton in her hands .	who is dancing with the baton in her hands ?	woman
30591	She 's in the middle of the street wearing a red tanktop , shorts , and flip flops .	what is the color of the tanktop ?	red
30594	A man in a yellow life vest is sitting in a canoe .	what is the color of the vest ?	yellow
30594	A man in a yellow life vest is sitting in a canoe .	where is the man sitting in a canoe . ?	vest
30596	The camera goes underwater next to the canoe .	what goes underwater next to the canoe ?	camera
30597	A man walks across some snow carrying a large snow shovel .	who walks across some snow carrying a large snow shovel ?	man
30598	The man shovels a long path of snow .	who shovels the long path of snow ?	man
30599	The man turns around and shovels a long path of snow again .	who turns around and shovels the long path of snow again ?	man
30601	The man shovels a really long path of snow at a different location .	who shovels the really long path of snow at a different location ?	man
30602	The man turns around and shovels a second path of snow , right next to the recent shoveled snow path .	who turns around and shovels the second path of snow , right next to the recent shoveled snow path ?	man
30603	A person cuts a pepper and put in a bowl .	what does the person cut ?	pepper
30603	A person cuts a pepper and put in a bowl .	where did the person put . ?	bowl
30604	Also , the person cook noodles in a pot .	what do also , the person cook in a pot ?	noodles
30604	Also , the person cook noodles in a pot .	where do also , the person cook noodles . ?	pot
30605	Then , the person fry mushrooms in a pan , add salt , garlic , tomatoes and roots .	where does then , the person fry mushrooms , add salt , garlic , tomatoes and roots . ?	pan
30611	The leaf blower blows brown dried up leaves using the leaf blower .	what brown dried up leaves using the leaf blower ?	blows
30611	The leaf blower blows brown dried up leaves using the leaf blower .	what is the color of the dried ?	brown
30612	The leaves are blown away from some lawn furniture and blown towards the middle of the yard .	what are blown away from some lawn furniture and blown towards the middle of the yard ?	leaves
30613	A large black item is drawn on a long sheet of white paper .	what is the color of the item ?	black
30613	A large black item is drawn on a long sheet of white paper .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
30615	They add leaves , creating a black plant .	what do they add , ?	leaves
30615	They add leaves , creating a black plant .	what is the color of the plant ?	black
30616	A young girl is seen cutting a hole in the top of a pumpkin followed by her scooping out seeds and cutting out the sides .	who is seen cutting the hole in the top of a pumpkin followed by her scooping out seeds and cutting out the sides ?	girl
30617	The girl wipes off the pumpkin and puts on the top and shows the pumpkin in the dark .	who wipes off the pumpkin and puts on the top and shows the pumpkin in the dark ?	girl
30618	A young man is seen holding his eye open in front of a mirror and attempting to put a contact lens in .	who is seen holding his eye open in front of a mirror and attempting to put a contact lens in ?	man
30619	He drops the lens on the sink and again tries to put the contact into his eye .	what does he drop on the sink ?	lens
30620	He drops the lens again and continues trying to put it into his eye and the camera moves around in the end .	what does he drop again and the camera moves around in the end ?	lens
30620	He drops the lens again and continues trying to put it into his eye and the camera moves around in the end .	he drops the lens again and continues and what moves around in the end ?	camera
30621	The video is a tutorial on how to make Alfredo sauce pasta .	what is the video ?	pasta
30623	She then strains the pasta out in a bowl by throwing out the excess water .	what did she then strain out in a bowl by throwing out the excess water ?	pasta
30623	She then strains the pasta out in a bowl by throwing out the excess water .	where did she then strain the pasta out . ?	bowl
30627	She continues stirring the pasta in the saucepan .	where does she continue stirring the pasta . ?	saucepan
30628	She serves the pasta in a square brown plate and takes a spoonful of the pasta to taste it .	what is the color of the plate ?	brown
30628	She serves the pasta in a square brown plate and takes a spoonful of the pasta to taste it .	where does she serve the pasta . ?	plate
30630	A woman wearing a dress is dancing on a stage .	who is wearing a dress is dancing on a stage ?	woman
30630	A woman wearing a dress is dancing on a stage .	the woman wearing what is dancing on a stage ?	dress
30633	A man wearing a black coat is chopping a piece of wood with an ax .	who is wearing a black coat is chopping a piece of wood with an ax ?	man
30633	A man wearing a black coat is chopping a piece of wood with an ax .	the man wearing what is chopping a piece of wood with an ax ?	coat
30633	A man wearing a black coat is chopping a piece of wood with an ax .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
30635	He moves the stump and tries to chop it again .	what does he move ?	stump
30638	The kite falls as the wind lessens .	what falls as the wind lessens ?	kite
30639	The kite blows hard in the air as the wind picks up again .	what hard in the air as the wind picks up again ?	blows
30640	An athlete performs hammer Throw by spins a heavy ball several times with his body .	who performs hammer throw by spins the heavy ball several times with his body ?	athlete
30641	Then , the athlete throws the ball to the field .	who does then , throw the ball to the field ?	athlete
30641	Then , the athlete throws the ball to the field .	what does then , the athlete throw to the field ?	ball
30642	A woman talks , facing the camera while holding two dumbbells and then demonstrates a spin cycle exercise in front of a class in a gym .	who talks , facing the camera while holding two dumbbells and then demonstrates a spin cycle exercise in front of a class in a gym ?	woman
30642	A woman talks , facing the camera while holding two dumbbells and then demonstrates a spin cycle exercise in front of a class in a gym .	how many dumbbells does the woman talk , facing the camera while holding and then demonstrates a spin cycle exercise in front of a class in a gym ?	two
30643	Four men are outside in a field throwing a baseball to each other .	how many men are outside in the field throwing a baseball to each other ?	four
30644	A ball then rolls into a pond and a little boy grabs it and throws it .	what then rolls into the pond and a little boy grabs it and throws it ?	ball
30644	A ball then rolls into a pond and a little boy grabs it and throws it .	who does the ball then roll into a pond and grabs it and throws it ?	boy
30645	The scene moves to a playground and the boys begin going down the slide .	who does the scene move to a playground and begin going down the slide ?	boys
30646	More kids are shown and they are doing various activities as they play such as the see saw , monkey bars and swings .	who are shown and they are doing various activities as they play such as the see saw , monkey bars and swings ?	kids
30647	On the side , a boy begins pumping his tire and a small baby is shown bathing in a basin .	who does on the side , begin pumping his tire and a small baby is shown bathing in a basin ?	boy
30647	On the side , a boy begins pumping his tire and a small baby is shown bathing in a basin .	who does on the side , a boy begin and is shown bathing in a basin ?	baby
30647	On the side , a boy begins pumping his tire and a small baby is shown bathing in a basin .	where does on the side , a boy begin pumping his tire and a small baby is shown bathing . ?	basin
30648	An exercise instructor is explaining the step .	who is exercise explaining the step ?	instructor
30654	Two team are in each other end of the rope while people are watching and two persons are taking pictures .	what are two team in each other end of the rope and two persons are taking ?	pictures
30654	Two team are in each other end of the rope while people are watching and two persons are taking pictures .	how many team are in each other end of the rope while people are watching ?	two
30654	Two team are in each other end of the rope while people are watching and two persons are taking pictures .	how many persons are taking pictures ?	two
30655	The two teams began pulling the rope .	how many teams began pulling the rope ?	two
30656	The team in yellow shirt won and then two team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave a bow .	the team in yellow shirt then gave what ?	bow
30656	The team in yellow shirt won and then two team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave a bow .	the team in yellow shirt won and then how many team shake hands and hugged each other ?	two
30656	The team in yellow shirt won and then two team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave a bow .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
30658	A lady sits back , talks , and drinks coffee .	who sits back , talks , and drinks coffee ?	lady
30658	A lady sits back , talks , and drinks coffee .	what does the lady drink ?	coffee
30660	A old man puts salt to bowling water in a pot , then he adds pasta and let cook for one minute .	who puts salt to bowling water in a pot , then he adds pasta and let cook for one minute ?	man
30660	A old man puts salt to bowling water in a pot , then he adds pasta and let cook for one minute .	what does the old man put salt to bowling water in a pot , then he adds and let cook for one minute ?	pasta
30660	A old man puts salt to bowling water in a pot , then he adds pasta and let cook for one minute .	who does the old man put salt to bowling water in a pot , then he adds pasta and let for one minute ?	cook
30661	Then , the man turns off the stove and puts on the pot a cloth and a lid and let it for 10 min .	then , who turns off the stove and puts on the pot a cloth and a lid and let it for 10 min ?	man
30661	Then , the man turns off the stove and puts on the pot a cloth and a lid and let it for 10 min .	what does then , the man turn off ?	stove
30662	After , the man drains the pasta in the sink .	who does after , drain the pasta in the sink ?	man
30662	After , the man drains the pasta in the sink .	where does after , the man drain the pasta . ?	sink
30663	A woman comes and taste the cooked pasta and gives a thump up .	who comes and taste the cooked pasta and gives a thump up ?	woman
30663	A woman comes and taste the cooked pasta and gives a thump up .	the woman taste what and gives a thump up ?	pasta
30664	A man is seen sitting in a tube speaking and leads into people walking around carrying tubes .	who is seen sitting in the tube speaking and leads into people walking around carrying tubes ?	man
30667	A girl hits a pinata with an orange , toy bat .	who hits the pinata with an orange , toy bat ?	girl
30667	A girl hits a pinata with an orange , toy bat .	what does the girl hit with an orange , toy bat ?	pinata
30668	The bat falls and the girl picks it up .	what falls and the girl picks it up ?	bat
30668	The bat falls and the girl picks it up .	who does the bat fall and picks it up ?	girl
30669	Behind her , a boy demonstrates how she should hit and cheers her on .	who does behind her , demonstrate how she should hit and cheers her on ?	boy
30670	In an indoor court teams of men are playing soccer while audience sits in the stadium .	where are in an indoor court teams of men playing soccer while audience sits . ?	stadium
30671	The team in black is trying to prevent the other team in red from scoring , the goalie blocks the score .	what is the color of the team ?	black
30673	The red team scores and it 's 1-1 , they continue back on the court til the game is over .	what is the color of the scores ?	red
30680	An emblem appears on the screen .	what appears on the screen ?	emblem
30684	They are shown getting haircuts in a barbershop and commentating about the haircut .	where are they shown getting haircuts and commentating about the haircut . ?	barbershop
30688	A man rakes brown leaves in a lawn .	who rakes brown leaves in a lawn ?	man
30688	A man rakes brown leaves in a lawn .	what is the color of the leaves ?	brown
30689	The man puts the leaves in a trashcan .	who puts the leaves in a trashcan ?	man
30690	The man stops and moves the trashcan .	who stops and moves the trashcan ?	man
30691	The man pulls out a black object from his pocket and presents it .	who pulls out the black object from his pocket and presents it ?	man
30691	The man pulls out a black object from his pocket and presents it .	what is the color of the object ?	black
30692	The man screws the black object at the end of the rake handle .	who is screws the black object at the end of the rake handle ?	man
30692	The man screws the black object at the end of the rake handle .	what is the color of the object ?	black
30693	The man moves the trashcan and rakes .	who moves the trashcan and rakes ?	man
30694	The man stop raking , walks toward a tree , and hangs the rake on the tree .	who stop raking , walks toward the tree , and hangs the rake on the tree ?	man
30694	The man stop raking , walks toward a tree , and hangs the rake on the tree .	who does the man hang on the tree ?	rake
30695	The man removes a pair of rakes for the tree and lifts it above his head .	who removes the pair of rakes for the tree and lifts it above his head ?	man
30696	The man uses the dual rakes to pick up the leaves and put them into the trashcan .	who uses the dual rakes to pick up the leaves and put them into the trashcan ?	man
30697	The man lifts the dual rakes above his head and then pairs them together .	who lifts the dual rakes above his head and then pairs them together ?	man
30698	The man takes the paired rakes back to the tree where he hangs them on a branch .	who takes the paired rakes back to the tree where he hangs them on a branch ?	man
30700	A woman in a white apron is slicing lettuce on a board .	what is the woman in a white apron slicing on a board ?	lettuce
30700	A woman in a white apron is slicing lettuce on a board .	what is the color of the apron ?	white
30700	A woman in a white apron is slicing lettuce on a board .	where is the woman slicing lettuce on a board . ?	apron
30701	She dries and cuts some cucumbers to put in a bowl of salad .	what does she dry and cuts ?	cucumbers
30704	She opens a bottle with her teeth and pours that onto the salad too .	what does she open with her teeth ?	bottle
30705	She puts more dressing on the salad .	what does she put on the salad ?	dressing
30706	A lady in the background is pulling saran wrap out .	what is the lady in the background pulling out ?	wrap
30709	A woman holds the bowl up and shows the salad while smiling .	who holds the bowl up and shows the salad while smiling ?	woman
30709	A woman holds the bowl up and shows the salad while smiling .	what does the woman hold up ?	bowl
30709	A woman holds the bowl up and shows the salad while smiling .	what does the woman show while smiling ?	salad
30710	The woman who tossed the salad is washing her hands off on a towel .	who is washing her hands off on a towel ?	woman
30711	A graphic plays that says `` StuntsAmazing '' with a link to their facebook page .	what plays that says `` stuntsamazing '' with a link to their facebook page ?	graphic
30712	A man shows off a variety of pool tricks on his pool table in his house .	who shows off the variety of pool tricks on his pool table in his house ?	man
30713	A graphic plays that says `` Subscribe '' and the video ends .	what plays that says `` subscribe '' and the video ends ?	graphic
30715	man walks into a room and use the emery on the top of the table .	who walks into the room and use the emery on the top of the table ?	man
30716	man take out the glasses and cleans the disc of the emery .	who take out the glasses and cleans the disc of the emery ?	man
30718	A girl then shows us her brush .	who then shows us her brush ?	girl
30719	The girl uses the brush to brush her hair .	who uses the brush to brush her hair ?	girl
30721	Her hand then covers the camera .	what does her hand then cover ?	camera
30722	A gymnast is shown swinging back and fourth on uneven bars .	who is shown swinging back and fourth on uneven bars ?	gymnast
30725	A man is talking about what is going on in the TV behind him as a news story .	who is talking about what is going on in the tv behind him as a news story ?	man
30729	A man is seen walking into a bathroom and looking through dirty toothbrushes .	who is seen walking into the bathroom and looking through dirty toothbrushes ?	man
30730	The person pours toothpaste out onto a brush and continuously brushes his teeth .	what does the person pour out onto a brush ?	toothpaste
30732	A guy type walks on a rope while holding a selfie stick recording him self .	who walks on the rope while holding a selfie stick recording him self ?	type
30733	the guy type walks across water on a rope that has a short distance from the dock to a boat edge while people watch .	who walks across water on a rope that has a short distance from the dock to a boat edge while people watch ?	type
30736	Two girls are shown raking up leaves in a yard while continuously talking to the camera .	who are shown raking up leaves in a yard while continuously talking to the camera ?	girls
30736	Two girls are shown raking up leaves in a yard while continuously talking to the camera .	how many girls are shown raking up leaves in a yard while continuously talking to the camera ?	two
30737	The older girl shows the younger one how to rake while another girl stands by and watches on a nearby slide .	who shows the younger one how to rake while another girl stands by and watches on a nearby slide ?	girl
30738	The camera zooms in on the younger girl and watches her rake up the leaves .	what zooms in on the younger girl and watches her rake up the leaves ?	camera
30738	The camera zooms in on the younger girl and watches her rake up the leaves .	who does the camera watch up the leaves ?	rake
30739	Two boys are kneeling in the grass cutting the grass with a pair of scissors .	who are kneeling in the grass cutting the grass with a pair of scissors ?	boys
30739	Two boys are kneeling in the grass cutting the grass with a pair of scissors .	how many boys are kneeling in the grass cutting the grass with a pair of scissors ?	two
30740	They grab some pieces and use the scissors to cut it up .	what do they grab ?	pieces
30740	They grab some pieces and use the scissors to cut it up .	what do they use ?	scissors
30741	Then throw the grass they cut back behind them .	what do then throw ?	grass
30743	A woman talks facing a camera , in front of a dance studio advertisement sign , as four girls demonstrate ballet techniques in front of a ballet bar in a dance studio .	who are facing a camera , in front of a dance studio advertisement sign , as four girls demonstrate ballet techniques in front of a ballet bar in a dance studio ?	talks
30744	A woman with blonde hair , and dressed in all black , stands in front of a dance studio advertisement and talks while facing the camera .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
30745	The camera cuts away to four girls in ballet outfits and ballet shoes facing a ballet bar with their backs to the camera and demonstrating ballet knee bends .	what cuts away to four girls in ballet outfits and ballet shoes facing a ballet bar with their backs to the camera and demonstrating ballet knee bends ?	camera
30746	A little girl jumps hopscotch in the street .	who jumps hopscotch in the street ?	girl
30746	A little girl jumps hopscotch in the street .	where does the little girl jump hopscotch . ?	street
30747	The little girl turns and jumps hopscotch .	who turns and jumps hopscotch ?	girl
30749	The camera pans left to show the team on the left side of the net .	what left to show the team on the left side of the net ?	pans
30750	The camera returns to the team on the right side .	what returns to the team on the right side ?	camera
30751	A man is raking leaves in a large yard .	who is raking leaves in a large yard ?	man
30752	He uses the rake to push the leaves into piles .	who does he use ?	rake
30759	men is cleaning the window on the outside hanging on the Scaffolding .	what is men cleaning on the outside hanging on the scaffolding ?	window
30760	An athletic man is seen holding onto a piece of exercise equipment and kneeling while speaking to the camera .	who is seen holding onto the piece of exercise equipment and kneeling while speaking to the camera ?	man
30762	The man is surfing on the waves and fall in the water .	who is surfing on the waves and fall in the water ?	man
30763	The man is surfing while other surfers are behind him .	who is surfing while other surfers are behind him ?	man
30764	The surfer is surfing over the water and fell near the rocks .	who is surfing over the water and fell near the rocks ?	surfer
30766	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up several game of ping pong are played .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up several game of ping pong are played ?	man
30767	The man continues hitting the ball while speaking to the camera and holding up ping pong tools .	who continues hitting the ball while speaking to the camera and holding up ping pong tools ?	man
30768	The man demonstrates how to properly hit the ball and move his body around and still hitting the ball .	who demonstrates how to properly hit the ball and move his body around and still hitting the ball ?	man
30769	There 's a welder in a blue shirt wearing a yellow protective helmet , welding a large metal pipe in a workshop .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
30769	There 's a welder in a blue shirt wearing a yellow protective helmet , welding a large metal pipe in a workshop .	what is the color of the helmet ?	yellow
30770	There 's another welder wearing a blue protective suit and white helmet welding a metal piece on a workshop table .	who does there 's wearing a blue protective suit and white helmet welding a metal piece on a workshop table ?	welder
30771	He is welding the metal piece with precision in a horizontal manner .	what is he welding with precision in a horizontal manner ?	piece
30772	There 's a welding machine showing how it works on melting metal at high temperature .	what does there 's welding showing how it works on melting metal at high temperature ?	machine
30773	A young girl is seen sitting on a bed speaking to the camera and leads into her performing gymnastic tricks on a trampoline .	who is seen sitting on the bed speaking to the camera and leads into her performing gymnastic tricks on a trampoline ?	girl
30775	A girl is holding a toothbrush up to the camera .	who is holding the toothbrush up to the camera ?	girl
30778	A person on the screen is showing a box containing sumo wrestling toys .	what is the person on the screen showing ?	box
30783	The gymnast stands on the side of the balance beam .	who stands on the side of the balance beam ?	gymnast
30785	The gymnast performs her routine on the beam .	who performs her routine on the beam ?	gymnast
30786	The gymnast almost falls , but catches herself .	who almost falls , but catches herself ?	gymnast
30787	The gymnast dismounts and lands on the blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
30790	The doctor demonstrates the steps to washing hands like doctors do .	who demonstrates the steps to washing hands like doctors do ?	doctor
30790	The doctor demonstrates the steps to washing hands like doctors do .	what does the doctor demonstrate to washing hands like doctors do ?	steps
30792	A man is seen putting objects onto a wall and place a board along the wall .	who is seen putting objects onto a wall and place a board along the wall ?	man
30793	He continues moving the objects on the wall and then nails them down with a nail gun and presents the shelves he 's made .	he then nails them down with a nail gun and presents what ?	shelves
30795	A woman challenges a man to arm wrestling .	who challenges the man to arm wrestling ?	woman
30795	A woman challenges a man to arm wrestling .	who does the woman challenge to arm wrestling ?	man
30796	The man removes the shoes from the table .	who removes the shoes from the table ?	man
30798	The man beats the woman .	who beats the woman ?	man
30798	The man beats the woman .	who does the man beat ?	woman
30801	A woman talks in a gym .	who talks in the gym ?	woman
30801	A woman talks in a gym .	where does the woman talk . ?	gym
30802	The woman stands on a lane , then she runs to perform a long jump that lands in the sand .	who stands on the lane , then she runs to perform a long jump that lands in the sand ?	woman
30804	Several people are seen kite surfing along the water and one performing tricks .	what are several people seen along the water and one performing tricks ?	surfing
30806	A child paints her toenails with white nail polish on front a little child .	who paints her toenails with white nail polish on front a little child ?	child
30806	A child paints her toenails with white nail polish on front a little child .	what is the color of the polish ?	white
30807	A person enters the room and walk on front the children .	what does the person enter ?	room
30807	A person enters the room and walk on front the children .	who do the person walk on front ?	children
30808	Then , the child turns to listen somebody for a second and continues painting her toenails .	then , who turns to listen somebody for a second and continues painting her toenails ?	child
30812	The camera pans around the other people as they laugh .	what pans around the other people as they laugh ?	camera
30815	She grabs a shovel and walks away .	what does she grab ?	shovel
30817	The lady is outside shoveling the snow and talking .	who is outside shoveling the snow and talking ?	lady
30819	The lady is jumping and warming up .	who is jumping and warming up ?	lady
30821	A man plays alone pool hitting balls with a pole while going around the pool table .	who plays alone pool hitting balls with a pole while going around the pool table ?	man
30821	A man plays alone pool hitting balls with a pole while going around the pool table .	what does the man play while going around the pool table ?	pool
30822	Then , the man hit a ball that enters the basket .	who did then , hit the ball that enters the basket ?	man
30822	Then , the man hit a ball that enters the basket .	what did then , the man hit ?	ball
30823	After , the man shake hands with people from the audience .	who do after , shake hands with people from the audience ?	man
30824	A man is seen speaking to the camera while text appears on the screen .	who is seen speaking to the camera while text appears on the screen ?	man
30825	The man continues speaking and leads into him playing an instrument .	who continues speaking and leads into him playing an instrument ?	man
30827	A trainer wearing a wet suit gives a walrus treats and the walrus nods his head up in town in excitement at the beginning of a show .	who is wearing a wet suit gives a walrus treats and the walrus nods his head up in town in excitement at the beginning of a show ?	trainer
30827	A trainer wearing a wet suit gives a walrus treats and the walrus nods his head up in town in excitement at the beginning of a show .	the trainer wearing what gives a walrus treats and the walrus nods his head up in town in excitement at the beginning of a show ?	suit
30828	The trainer plays a small saxophone and the walrus nods and is given a treat .	who plays the small saxophone and the walrus nods and is given a treat ?	trainer
30829	The walrus is handed the saxophone and it plays it while the dancing with the trainer .	what is handed the saxophone and it plays it while the dancing with the trainer ?	walrus
30829	The walrus is handed the saxophone and it plays it while the dancing with the trainer .	what is the walrus handed and it plays it while the dancing with the trainer ?	saxophone
30830	A woman and one other person paddle in an orange canoe in a calm body of water surrounded by mountains , trees , and bushes .	what is the color of the canoe ?	orange
30831	The woman is at the front of the canoe paddling and the other person , who is wearing a face covering hat , sits behind the woman .	who is at the front of the canoe paddling and the other person , who is wearing a face covering hat , sits behind the woman ?	woman
30832	The two people paddle from the left and pass a line of bushes in front of a mountain .	how many people paddle from the left and pass a line of bushes in front of a mountain ?	two
30833	The two people then paddle further away from the mountain and closer to the middle of the body of water .	how many people then paddle further away from the mountain and closer to the middle of the body of water ?	two
30834	A man swings his arms around over his head .	who swings his arms around over his head ?	man
30836	The man releases the hammer and lowers his arms .	who releases the hammer and lowers his arms ?	man
30836	The man releases the hammer and lowers his arms .	what does the man release ?	hammer
30837	Two men are seen standing before a game of darts and begin throwing darts onto the board .	how many men are seen standing before the game of darts and begin throwing darts onto the board ?	two
30840	Two people are standing by the water one of the grabs some board .	how many people are standing by the water one of the grabs some board ?	two
30844	A man wearing gloves is inside a building .	who is wearing gloves is inside a building ?	man
30844	A man wearing gloves is inside a building .	the man wearing what is inside a building ?	gloves
30845	He rolls up a carpet and sets it aside .	what does he roll up ?	carpet
30846	He then sweeps and mops the floors until they are clean .	what does he then sweep and mops ?	floors
30848	The athlete then takes off and does a triple jump into the pit .	who then takes off and does the triple jump into the pit ?	athlete
30850	Another man approaches the run way and repeats the same step but ends up scratching .	who approaches the run way and repeats the same step but ends up scratching ?	man
30851	Two women are seen standing before a christmas tree with young children present as well .	who are seen standing before the christmas tree with young children present as well ?	women
30851	Two women are seen standing before a christmas tree with young children present as well .	how many women are seen standing before the christmas tree with young children present as well ?	two
30853	The girls continue putting items on the tree and end by smiling to the camera .	who continue putting items on the tree and end by smiling to the camera ?	girls
30854	A man is sitting on a chair next to a talk show host .	who is sitting on the chair next to a talk show host ?	man
30855	A woman is hosting a beer pong tournament , and the two men go over to the table .	who is hosting the beer pong tournament , and the two men go over to the table ?	woman
30855	A woman is hosting a beer pong tournament , and the two men go over to the table .	what is the woman hosting , and the two men go over to the table ?	tournament
30855	A woman is hosting a beer pong tournament , and the two men go over to the table .	how many men go over to the table ?	two
30859	The man shows how to make plaster while transitioning with him making plaster and continues to show more clips of him laying it down .	who shows how to make plaster while transitioning with him making plaster and continues to show more clips of him laying it down ?	man
30860	A woman is sitting in a chair while a woman behind her is holding a hair dryer .	who is sitting in the chair while a woman behind her is holding a hair dryer ?	woman
30860	A woman is sitting in a chair while a woman behind her is holding a hair dryer .	where is the woman sitting while a woman behind her is holding a hair dryer . ?	chair
30862	The woman is talking to the camera pointing at a hair dryer .	who is talking to the camera pointing at a hair dryer ?	woman
30863	A man is sitting with a surgical mask on .	who is sitting with the surgical mask on ?	man
30864	He is cutting lemons up .	what is he cutting up ?	lemons
30868	He takes a red garland and demonstrates how to wrap it around the tree .	what is the color of the garland ?	red
30870	He also takes a red ribbon and red berries to add to the tree .	what is the color of the ribbon ?	red
30870	He also takes a red ribbon and red berries to add to the tree .	what is the color of the berries ?	red
30874	A girl plays a drum set in a city plaza for passing people .	who plays the drum set in a city plaza for passing people ?	girl
30875	A lady walks up to watch the drummer play .	who walks up to watch the drummer play ?	lady
30876	The drummer plays a solo on the cymbal .	who plays the solo on the cymbal ?	drummer
30877	The drummer ends the song and bows to the audience .	who ends the song and bows to the audience ?	drummer
30878	A man fills a hookah with water and sets it on a table .	who fills the hookah with water and sets it on a table ?	man
30878	A man fills a hookah with water and sets it on a table .	what does the man fill with water ?	hookah
30879	He puts tobacco in a device and covers it with tin foil .	what does he put in a device ?	tobacco
30883	woman is standing in a kitchen in front of a camera and showing ingredients on top of table .	who is standing in the kitchen in front of a camera and showing ingredients on top of table ?	woman
30883	woman is standing in a kitchen in front of a camera and showing ingredients on top of table .	what is woman standing in a kitchen in front of a camera and showing on top of table ?	ingredients
30884	woman is pouring the ingredients inside a kitchen aid and mixing them and explaining to the camera how to do the paste .	who is pouring the ingredients inside a kitchen aid and mixing them and explaining to the camera how to do the paste ?	woman
30885	A toddler iron a garment on a toy board .	who iron the garment on a toy board ?	toddler
30885	A toddler iron a garment on a toy board .	what do the toddler iron on a toy board ?	garment
30886	The toddler sprays the garment and folds , then she continues ironing it .	who sprays the garment and folds , then she continues ironing it ?	toddler
30886	The toddler sprays the garment and folds , then she continues ironing it .	what does the toddler spray , then she continues ironing it ?	garment
30887	Then , the toddler fold again the garment and iron it .	then , who fold again the garment and iron it ?	toddler
30888	A Caucasian male is outside holding up a skateboard .	what is the caucasian male outside holding up ?	skateboard
30892	After , the man turns around and shows how his brown cargo shorts are patched up with duct tape .	after , who turns around and shows how his brown cargo shorts are patched up with duct tape ?	man
30892	After , the man turns around and shows how his brown cargo shorts are patched up with duct tape .	what is the color of the shorts ?	brown
30899	A man jumps in the pool and swims freestyle .	who jumps in the pool and swims freestyle ?	man
30899	A man jumps in the pool and swims freestyle .	where does the man jump . ?	pool
30901	The same man swims backstroke down the lane from where he came .	who swims backstroke down the lane from where he came ?	man
30903	The man does the breaststroke back across the pool .	who does the breaststroke back across the pool ?	man
30905	They then show clips from an outdoor volleyball game .	what do they then show from an outdoor volleyball game ?	clips
30906	The team mates hit the ball back and forth over the net .	what did the team mates hit back and forth over the net ?	ball
30912	Then two men are shown shoveling snow outside off of statues and the ground and when they 're done , someone falls to the ground .	how many men are shown shoveling snow outside off of statues and the ground ?	two
30914	The man jumps on the rope and attempts to walk across it .	who jumps on the rope and attempts to walk across it ?	man
30916	A reporter interview two boys and a little boy .	who two boys and a little boy ?	reporter
30919	A woman stands behind a bar with bottles and ingredients .	who stands behind the bar with bottles and ingredients ?	woman
30920	She mixes the alcohols into a glass , then shakes them up before decorating and displaying the drink .	what does she mix into a glass , then shakes them up before decorating and displaying the drink ?	alcohols
30921	A large snowy mountain is shown as well as people driving and people standing along a mountain .	what is shown as well as people driving and people standing along a mountain ?	mountain
30924	A woman puts a harness on .	who puts the harness on ?	woman
30924	A woman puts a harness on .	what does the woman put on ?	harness
30925	A man clips a rope to the front of the woman 's harness .	who clips the rope to the front of the woman 's harness ?	man
30925	A man clips a rope to the front of the woman 's harness .	what did the man clip to the front of the woman 's harness ?	rope
30926	He ties the rope into a knot .	what does he tie into a knot ?	rope
30929	A person holds their paddle over their head .	what does the person hold over their head ?	paddle
30931	The people kayaking approach a bridge .	what do the people kayaking approach ?	bridge
30933	A man is kayaking on water and moving his arms back and fourth quickly .	who is kayaking on water and moving his arms back and fourth quickly ?	man
30934	The camera follows him moving through the water and eventually works his way towards a bridge .	what follows him moving through the water and eventually works his way towards a bridge ?	camera
30937	The hand picks up a white rug .	what does the hand pick up ?	rug
30937	The hand picks up a white rug .	what is the color of the rug ?	white
30938	The hand places two fingers inside the rug and proceeds to whip the painted wardrobe .	how many fingers does the hand place inside the rug ?	two
30942	The man continues pushing his way along and ends with him sticking his pole into the water .	who continues pushing his way along and ends with him sticking his pole into the water ?	man
30944	She takes a sip of water and the man then pierces her lip with a needle .	who does she take a sip of water and then pierces her lip with a needle ?	man
30946	A man is playing an accordian while staring occasionally into the camera .	who is playing an accordian while staring occasionally into the camera ?	man
30947	The man changes his finger tips constantly and looks off into the distance while playing .	who changes his finger tips constantly and looks off into the distance while playing ?	man
30948	The man continues his song and eventually finishes by smiling into the camera .	who continues his song and eventually finishes by smiling into the camera ?	man
30950	He first moves all the debris out of the way so that nothing gets caught in the mower before mowing .	where does he first move all the debris out of the way so nothing gets caught . ?	mower
30951	Then he uses a stethoscope to listen to the mower while he puts oil in it .	what does then he use ?	stethoscope
30953	A little girl is standing in a kitchen in front of a bowl and sugar cookie mix .	who is standing in the kitchen in front of a bowl and sugar cookie mix ?	girl
30954	The girl starts showing the ingredients to her audience , before pouring the cookie mix into a bowl .	who starts showing the ingredients to her audience , before pouring the cookie mix into a bowl ?	girl
30956	She rolls the dough in plastic wrap before spreading it back out and cutting into shapes with cookie cutters .	where does she roll the dough before spreading it back out and cutting into shapes with cookie cutters . ?	wrap
30957	The cookies are baked and ready to frost with sprinkles and frosting .	what are baked and ready to frost with sprinkles and frosting ?	cookies
30960	The polished hands puts a piece of tape at the edge of a brown object .	what is the color of the object ?	brown
30962	The hand cuts the the polished tape in strips .	what does the hand cut in strips ?	tape
30967	A man stretches out shirts on an ironing board in a workshop area and uses a flat iron to steam press it .	who stretches out shirts on an ironing board in a workshop area and uses a flat iron to steam press it ?	man
30968	The man removes the ironed shirt and places it on a hanger .	who removes the ironed shirt and places it on a hanger ?	man
30968	The man removes the ironed shirt and places it on a hanger .	what does the man remove ?	shirt
30969	The man gives the shirt one more quick ironing on a single spot then hangs the shirt on a rack .	who gives the shirt one more quick ironing on a single spot then hangs the shirt on a rack ?	man
30969	The man gives the shirt one more quick ironing on a single spot then hangs the shirt on a rack .	what does the man give the shirt on a single spot then hangs the shirt on a rack ?	ironing
30969	The man gives the shirt one more quick ironing on a single spot then hangs the shirt on a rack .	how many more quick ironing does the man give the shirt on a single spot then hangs the shirt on a rack ?	one
30970	A man jumps off a diving board into a pool several times .	who jumps off the diving board into a pool several times ?	man
30971	Another person is swimming in the pool .	where is another person swimming . ?	pool
30973	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
30974	We see a lady sitting at a table with shoes and supplies talking to the camera .	who do we see sitting at a table with shoes and supplies talking to the camera ?	lady
30975	We see screens with shoes on them .	what do we see with shoes on them ?	screens
30976	The lady shows us various shoes .	who shows us various shoes ?	lady
30977	The lady shows us the shoe supplies .	who shows us the shoe supplies ?	lady
30978	The lady adds a product to the shoes .	who adds the product to the shoes ?	lady
30978	The lady adds a product to the shoes .	what does the lady add to the shoes ?	product
30979	The lady then wipes the product off with a towel .	who then wipes the product off with a towel ?	lady
30979	The lady then wipes the product off with a towel .	what does the lady then wipe off with a towel ?	product
30980	The lady then adds shoes wax to the shoe and wipes it off .	who then adds shoes wax to the shoe and wipes it off ?	lady
30981	We see the closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
30982	A man clears snow from a car in snow covered parking lot .	who clears snow from a car in snow covered parking lot ?	man
30984	A man holding a long snow removing brush approaches a car and begins wiping snow off of the car at times gesturing wildly with his arms .	who is holding a long snow removing brush approaches a car and begins wiping snow off of the car at times gesturing wildly with his arms ?	man
30984	A man holding a long snow removing brush approaches a car and begins wiping snow off of the car at times gesturing wildly with his arms .	what is the man holding a long snow approaches and begins wiping snow off of the car at times gesturing wildly with his arms ?	car
30985	The man clears the entire car with snow , with the brush and a shovel before the scene cuts to a vehicle driving down the street in the snow .	who clears the entire car with snow , with the brush and a shovel before the scene cuts to a vehicle driving down the street in the snow ?	man
30985	The man clears the entire car with snow , with the brush and a shovel before the scene cuts to a vehicle driving down the street in the snow .	what does the man clear with snow , with the brush and a shovel ?	car
30988	The dealer counts the money and gives the man chips .	who counts the money and gives the man chips ?	dealer
30988	The dealer counts the money and gives the man chips .	what does the dealer count ?	money
30988	The dealer counts the money and gives the man chips .	what does the dealer give the man ?	chips
30989	The dealer deals a hands of blackjack and the we see the men clapping and the dealer laughing .	who deals the hands of blackjack and the we see the men clapping and the dealer laughing ?	dealer
30990	We see the dealer give the man chips and the man stands in his group showing his friends his stack of chips .	who do we see and stands in his group showing his friends his stack of chips ?	man
30991	Two men cheer and throw their fists in the air and the me laugh and cheer and walk .	how many men cheer and throw their fists in the air and the me laugh and cheer and walk ?	two
30992	A child slides down a slide .	who slides down the slide ?	child
30999	A man kicks another man to the ground .	who kicks another man to the ground ?	man
30999	A man kicks another man to the ground .	who does the man kick to the ground ?	man
31001	A man does a flip , then does a back flip .	who does the flip , then does a back flip ?	man
31004	A young child is seen playing with a toy and putting lip stick on her lips .	who is seen playing with the toy and putting lip stick on her lips ?	child
31005	The camera is then seen moving around a room , walking down stairs and following the young girl .	what is then seen moving around the room , walking down stairs and following the young girl ?	camera
31006	The girl walks back into her room to play with her toy while the camera follows .	who walks back into her room to play with her toy while the camera follows ?	girl
31007	Two men play games of rock paper scissors in front of a referee .	how many men play games of rock paper scissors in front of a referee ?	two
31008	A woman taps one of they on the back .	who taps one of they on the back ?	woman
31010	A man is sitting behind a table .	who is sitting behind the table ?	man
31011	He picks up a rubiks cube and completes it .	what does he pick up ?	cube
31012	A man stands next to him and writes something on a paper .	who stands next to him and writes something on a paper ?	man
31013	A boat is seen riding along the water with a person riding on skis behind .	what is seen riding along the water with a person riding on skis behind ?	boat
31015	A woman is seen squeezing lotion out of a bottle onto her skin and rubbing it into her arms .	who is seen squeezing lotion out of a bottle onto her skin and rubbing it into her arms ?	woman
31016	More pictures are shown on the screen of people and lotions as well as steps on how to use it properly .	what are shown on the screen of people and lotions as well as steps on how to use it properly ?	pictures
31017	We see a young man speaking in a news studio .	where do we see a young man speaking . ?	studio
31018	We see a man riding a stationary bike and see a photo of the man holding a cake .	who do we see ?	man
31019	We see the man being interviewed cut with scenes of the man working out .	who do we see being interviewed cut with scenes of the man working out ?	man
31020	We see the man in the image holding the cake again and see the man in the shirt which no longer fits and is too big .	who do we see in the image holding the cake again ?	man
31020	We see the man in the image holding the cake again and see the man in the shirt which no longer fits and is too big .	who do we see in the shirt which no longer fits and is too big ?	man
31021	We see the man working out again .	who do we see working out again ?	man
31022	We see three newscasters in the studio .	how many newscasters do we see in the studio ?	three
31022	We see three newscasters in the studio .	where do we see three newscasters . ?	studio
31025	The groomer sprays the brown dog .	what does the groomer spray ?	dog
31025	The groomer sprays the brown dog .	what is the color of the dog ?	brown
31026	The dog runs around the shop .	what runs around the shop ?	dog
31027	The groomer bushes the brown dog .	what does the groomer bush ?	dog
31027	The groomer bushes the brown dog .	what is the color of the dog ?	brown
31028	We see three men in a field cutting tall grass with a scythe .	how many men do we see in a field cutting tall grass with a scythe ?	three
31030	The man pulls something from his pocket and rubs it on the scythe .	who pulls something from his pocket and rubs it on the scythe ?	man
31034	A man is seen sitting on a camel followed by getting off and another man climbing on .	who is seen sitting on the camel followed by getting off and another man climbing on ?	man
31035	The man then leads the other around on the camel .	who then leads the other around on the camel ?	man
31036	The man stops the camel and gets the other person off while climbing back on .	who stops the camel and gets the other person off while climbing back on ?	man
31036	The man stops the camel and gets the other person off while climbing back on .	what does the man stop ?	camel
31037	A camera zooms in on a large truck that shows a person walking around from behind as well as another .	what zooms in on the large truck that shows a person walking around from behind as well as another ?	camera
31039	The man continues to pan around the snowy area and watch the men work from behind .	who continues to pan around the snowy area and watch the men work from behind ?	man
31040	A logo fro a company pops up on a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
31041	A man in a yellow jacket and orange helmet is shown ocean kayaking .	what is the man in a yellow jacket and orange helmet shown ?	kayaking
31044	A woman is standing inside a racquetball court .	who is standing inside the racquetball court ?	woman
31047	A man stands outside a tent .	who stands outside the tent ?	man
31049	A boy walks through parked cars , smiling .	who walks through parked cars , smiling ?	boy
31052	A young boy is at a party holding a stick and hitting a pinata .	who is at the party holding a stick and hitting a pinata ?	boy
31052	A young boy is at a party holding a stick and hitting a pinata .	what is the young boy at a party holding and hitting a pinata ?	stick
31052	A young boy is at a party holding a stick and hitting a pinata .	what is the young boy at a party holding a stick and hitting ?	pinata
31053	When the boy is done hitting it an adult walks towards the pinata .	who walks towards the pinata ?	adult
31055	A rough ocean has large white capped waves and a sailboat traversing through it .	what is the color of the waves ?	white
31056	The sailboat goes over the top of large waves and lands with a splash .	what goes over the top of large waves and lands with a splash ?	sailboat
31057	The boat maneuvers and is tilted sideways as it goes over waves .	what maneuvers and is tilted sideways as it goes over waves ?	boat
31058	A woman sits at a piano and plays in front of a small audience .	who sits at the piano and plays in front of a small audience ?	woman
31059	The camera focuses on several men watching her .	what focuses on several men watching her ?	camera
31060	The woman sings with the piano .	who sings with the piano ?	woman
31061	The camera captures the reaction of the members of the audience .	what captures the reaction of the members of the audience ?	camera
31062	The camera captures more reaction shots from the audience .	what captures more reaction shots from the audience ?	camera
31063	A man is standing on a hill , celebrating before a crowd .	who is standing on the hill , celebrating before a crowd ?	man
31066	Two boys play ping pong in a gym and one of the boys use a Nunchaku as a racket t o play and make tricks .	who play ping pong in a gym and one of the boys use a nunchaku as a racket t o play and make tricks ?	boys
31066	Two boys play ping pong in a gym and one of the boys use a Nunchaku as a racket t o play and make tricks .	how many boys play ping pong in a gym ?	two
31066	Two boys play ping pong in a gym and one of the boys use a Nunchaku as a racket t o play and make tricks .	where do two boys play ping pong and one of the boys use a nunchaku as a racket t o play and make tricks . ?	gym
31067	A man pass on front the ping pong table and stand near the table .	who pass on front the ping pong table and stand near the table ?	man
31069	A boy does martial arts moves and braks a board , then he fix the Nunchaku and after use it to light a match in the mouth of the other boy .	who does martial arts moves and braks a board , then he fix the nunchaku and after use it to light a match in the mouth of the other boy ?	boy
31070	A woman is holding a bottle of purple nail polish up to the camera .	who is holding the bottle of purple nail polish up to the camera ?	woman
31070	A woman is holding a bottle of purple nail polish up to the camera .	what is the color of the nail ?	purple
31074	There are clips of bull fights and man is talking about his bull fighting experience .	who are there clips of bull fights and is talking about his bull fighting experience ?	man
31075	The bull rolls a barrel while the clown is behind it .	what rolls the barrel while the clown is behind it ?	bull
31078	The woman holds up a bottle of spray .	who holds up the bottle of spray ?	woman
31079	The woman sprays the vehicle 's window with the bottle .	who sprays the vehicle 's window with the bottle ?	woman
31079	The woman sprays the vehicle 's window with the bottle .	what did the woman spray window with the bottle ?	vehicle
31079	The woman sprays the vehicle 's window with the bottle .	what did the woman spray with the bottle ?	window
31080	The woman uses a towel to clean the window .	who uses the towel to clean the window ?	woman
31080	The woman uses a towel to clean the window .	what does the woman use ?	towel
31081	The woman talks to the camera again .	who talks to the camera again ?	woman
31082	The woman returns to cleaning the window .	who returns to cleaning the window ?	woman
31083	The woman talks to the camera once more .	who talks to the camera once more ?	woman
31084	A shuffleboard is shown in a room .	where is the shuffleboard shown . ?	room
31085	A man in a blue sweater throws a ball down the shuffleboard .	what does the man in a blue sweater throw down the shuffleboard ?	ball
31085	A man in a blue sweater throws a ball down the shuffleboard .	what is the color of the sweater ?	blue
31088	A lady sits on the floor and discusses painting .	who sits on the floor and discusses painting ?	lady
31089	The lady paints the dresser while talking about it .	who paints the dresser while talking about it ?	lady
31089	The lady paints the dresser while talking about it .	what does the lady paint while talking about it ?	dresser
31090	We see the painted end product .	what do we see ?	product
31092	An older video of bad quality begins to play and there are white words on red blocks that read `` Leichtathletik leicht gemacht Diskus '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
31092	An older video of bad quality begins to play and there are white words on red blocks that read `` Leichtathletik leicht gemacht Diskus '' .	what is the color of the blocks ?	red
31093	A group of people begin to walk in a room and they begin to play a game of Foosball .	where do the group of people begin to walk and they begin to play a game of foosball . ?	room
31096	Next , women join and starts to roll the ball on the edge of the table as they make goals .	next , who join and starts to roll the ball on the edge of the table as they make goals ?	women
31097	Finally , a man appears with a Nokia phone recording the game and shows video options of different tricks that were performed .	who does finally , show video options of different tricks that were performed ?	man
31098	There is a man shown lifting a weight that weighs over 90 pounds .	who is there shown lifting a weight that weighs over 90 pounds ?	man
31100	A skier is adjusting his shoes on the board .	who is adjusting his shoes on the board ?	skier
31103	A player holding a basketball dribbles the ball , run and jump to throw the ball in the basket several times .	where is the player holding a basketball dribbles the ball , run and jump to throw the ball several times . ?	basket
31104	A man throw a basketball in the court and then leave .	who throw the basketball in the court and then leave ?	man
31105	A young child is seen holding onto a stick in a living room while pushing a ball around .	who is seen holding onto the stick in a living room while pushing a ball around ?	child
31106	The boy continues pushing the ball around while the camera captures his movements .	who continues pushing the ball around while the camera captures his movements ?	boy
31115	The boy hugs the woman who was trying to distract him the whole time , he puts his stick down , and she hugs him again .	who hugs the woman who was trying to distract him the whole time , he puts his stick down , and she hugs him again ?	boy
31115	The boy hugs the woman who was trying to distract him the whole time , he puts his stick down , and she hugs him again .	who does the boy hug , he puts his stick down , and she hugs him again ?	woman
31116	A black screen appears and white words on the screen say `` The Black Widow Jeanette Lee Worlds Best Female Pool Player A Ron Hawks Video '' .	what appears and white words on the screen say `` the black widow jeanette lee worlds best female pool player a ron hawks video '' ?	screen
31116	A black screen appears and white words on the screen say `` The Black Widow Jeanette Lee Worlds Best Female Pool Player A Ron Hawks Video '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
31116	A black screen appears and white words on the screen say `` The Black Widow Jeanette Lee Worlds Best Female Pool Player A Ron Hawks Video '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
31117	An introduction graphic is seen with title .	what is introduction seen with title ?	graphic
31118	A large empty beach is seen seen from the shore .	what is seen seen from the shore ?	beach
31119	A bird is seen walking along the shoreline .	what is seen walking along the shoreline ?	bird
31128	The beach is seen from a distance as the sun has set .	what is seen from the distance as the sun has set ?	beach
31129	A man in a neon coat is driving a car with the camera on a stick outside the window .	what is the man in a neon coat driving with the camera on a stick outside the window ?	car
31133	They water ski on the frozen water path .	what do they water on the frozen water path ?	ski
31136	A young man in white runs on the stage dancing .	what is the color of the man ?	white
31138	A smaller boy runs on stage , confused .	who runs on stage , confused ?	boy
31144	A yellow cloth , yellow and green sponge , and a cif creme cleaner is placed on the counter next to a shallow sink with silver drainer .	what is the color of the cloth ?	yellow
31145	A hand pour a drop of Cif creme , wiped it with the green side of the sponge , wiped it in circular motion , then wipe the counter with yellow cloth .	what do the hand wipe with yellow cloth ?	counter
31145	A hand pour a drop of Cif creme , wiped it with the green side of the sponge , wiped it in circular motion , then wipe the counter with yellow cloth .	what is the color of the side ?	green
31145	A hand pour a drop of Cif creme , wiped it with the green side of the sponge , wiped it in circular motion , then wipe the counter with yellow cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	yellow
31146	A man prepares his supplies near a picnic table and then sets one down .	who prepares his supplies near a picnic table and then sets one down ?	man
31147	The man pours lighter fluid in a camp fire ring .	who pours lighter fluid in a camp fire ring ?	man
31148	The man retrieves matches which drops onto the fire and it erupts in flames .	who matches which drops onto the fire and it erupts in flames ?	retrieves
31149	A group of people in snow gear are shown snow boarding on snow covered snow slopes with visual emphasis shown to a particular snow boarder in a green coat .	what is the color of the coat ?	green
31150	A little boy mops a wooden ramp , barefoot , outdoors with a mini mop and bucket of water .	who mops the wooden ramp , barefoot , outdoors with a mini mop and bucket of water ?	boy
31151	A young boy stands outside , without a shirt , barefoot and jeans and mops a wooden ramp with a yellow mini mop .	who stands outside , without the shirt , barefoot and jeans and mops a wooden ramp with a yellow mini mop ?	boy
31151	A young boy stands outside , without a shirt , barefoot and jeans and mops a wooden ramp with a yellow mini mop .	what does the young boy mop with a yellow mini mop ?	ramp
31151	A young boy stands outside , without a shirt , barefoot and jeans and mops a wooden ramp with a yellow mini mop .	what is the color of the mop ?	yellow
31152	The boy dunks the mop in water after awhile and continues to mop the ramp .	who dunks the mop in water after awhile and continues to mop the ramp ?	boy
31153	A news woman is speaking inside a news room .	who is speaking inside the news room ?	woman
31157	A man paddles a surfboard with a baby on the board in front of him .	who paddles the surfboard with a baby on the board in front of him ?	man
31157	A man paddles a surfboard with a baby on the board in front of him .	what does the man paddle with a baby on the board in front of him ?	surfboard
31158	He momentarily lifts the baby up to a standing position .	who does he momentarily lift up to a standing position ?	baby
31159	A woman moves towards the man and the baby .	who moves towards the man and the baby ?	woman
31160	The man momentarily lifts the baby up to a standing position again .	who momentarily lifts the baby up to a standing position again ?	man
31160	The man momentarily lifts the baby up to a standing position again .	who does the man momentarily lift up to a standing position again ?	baby
31161	The man momentarily lifts the baby up to a standing position once more .	who momentarily lifts the baby up to a standing position once more ?	man
31161	The man momentarily lifts the baby up to a standing position once more .	who does the man momentarily lift up to a standing position once more ?	baby
31162	The man in brown shirt is standing next to a pile of tennis ball while he is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	brown
31163	He played tennis ball with another person .	what did he play with another person ?	ball
31164	The man in purple shirt serve the ball while the black man hit the ball back .	what do the man in purple shirt serve ?	ball
31164	The man in purple shirt serve the ball while the black man hit the ball back .	what is the color of the shirt ?	purple
31164	The man in purple shirt serve the ball while the black man hit the ball back .	what is the color of the man ?	black
31165	A camera pans around an athletic field with various people warming up and holding sticks .	what pans around an athletic field with various people warming up and holding sticks ?	camera
31166	A girl holding a stick is spoken to by an instructor and she runs through and throws the pole .	who is holding a stick is spoken to by an instructor and she runs through and throws the pole ?	girl
31166	A girl holding a stick is spoken to by an instructor and she runs through and throws the pole .	the girl holding what is spoken to by an instructor and she runs through and throws the pole ?	stick
31166	A girl holding a stick is spoken to by an instructor and she runs through and throws the pole .	what is the girl holding a stick is spoken by an instructor and she runs through and throws ?	pole
31168	A man explains a procedure holdings cloths and cleaning materials while showing the cloths .	who explains the procedure holdings cloths and cleaning materials while showing the cloths ?	man
31169	After , the man approaches to a window and starts to clean for an instant , and then continues explaining .	after , who approaches to the window and starts to clean for an instant , and then continues explaining ?	man
31170	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31171	A lady sits at a table with a shoe , water , salt , brush and towel .	who sits at the table with a shoe , water , salt , brush and towel ?	lady
31172	The lady puts salt it the water and dips the brush then brushes the shoe .	who puts salt it the water and dips the brush then brushes the shoe ?	lady
31173	The lady wipes the shoe with the towel and talks to the camera .	who wipes the shoe with the towel and talks to the camera ?	lady
31174	We see an ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31175	A dog is getting a bath outside .	what is getting the bath outside ?	dog
31177	There 's a shirtless man wearing denim jeans out in a forest .	who does there 's ?	man
31181	The man then drinks from a cup and proceeds to collapse onto the table .	who then drinks from the cup and proceeds to collapse onto the table ?	man
31182	A man is rollerblading outside in a parking lot .	who is rollerblading outside in the parking lot ?	man
31185	A man writing on the wall .	who is writing on the wall ?	man
31187	The man writes on the wall again .	who writes on the wall again ?	man
31192	Next he measures and levels the wall .	what does next he measure and levels ?	wall
31195	Next he hangs and apply s a white sheet to the wall .	what is the color of the sheet ?	white
31198	Next a dog jumps in front of a wall .	what does next jump in front of a wall ?	dog
31205	Individuals stand behind black platforms awaiting instructions .	what is the color of the platforms ?	black
31209	The lady who had been instructing the group continuously claps her hands and begins to leave .	who continuously claps her hands and begins to leave ?	lady
31210	A girl holds up a white piece of paper and it has a drawing on it that is done in black ink .	who holds up the white piece of paper and it has a drawing on it that is done in black ink ?	girl
31210	A girl holds up a white piece of paper and it has a drawing on it that is done in black ink .	what is the color of the piece ?	white
31210	A girl holds up a white piece of paper and it has a drawing on it that is done in black ink .	what is the color of the ink ?	black
31211	The girl then turns around and the video is sped up to show her drawing on a pumpkin near a kitchen while multiple people are moving about around her .	who then turns around and the video is sped up to show her drawing on a pumpkin near a kitchen while multiple people are moving about around her ?	girl
31212	The girl finishes the drawing and she begins to carve the design out of the pumpkin while the video is still in a sped up mode .	who finishes the drawing and she begins to carve the design out of the pumpkin while the video is still in a sped up mode ?	girl
31213	The pumpkin is now done being carved and it appears on a black screen with just the carved out area illuminating in an orange color .	what is now done being carved and it appears on a black screen with just the carved out area illuminating in an orange color ?	pumpkin
31213	The pumpkin is now done being carved and it appears on a black screen with just the carved out area illuminating in an orange color .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
31213	The pumpkin is now done being carved and it appears on a black screen with just the carved out area illuminating in an orange color .	what is the color of the color ?	orange
31214	The girl appears again holding up the white paper , runs out of the room and the screen goes back to black with just the pumpkin illuminating .	who appears again holding up the white paper , runs out of the room and the screen goes back to black with just the pumpkin illuminating ?	girl
31214	The girl appears again holding up the white paper , runs out of the room and the screen goes back to black with just the pumpkin illuminating .	what is the color of the paper ?	white
31215	A large man is seen standing on a large mat walking forward and screaming to the audience .	who is seen standing on the large mat walking forward and screaming to the audience ?	man
31216	The man then lifts the bar up then back down and screams out loud .	who then lifts the bar up then back down and screams out loud ?	man
31216	The man then lifts the bar up then back down and screams out loud .	what does the man then lift up then back down ?	bar
31217	The same clips is shown again immediately afterwards .	what is shown again immediately afterwards ?	clips
31218	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a shoe and polish and pointing to objects .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a shoe and polish and pointing to objects ?	man
31219	The man then rubs down the shoe with a rag while the camera zooms in on more products and speaking to the camera .	who then rubs down the shoe with a rag while the camera zooms in on more products and speaking to the camera ?	man
31220	man is sitting in a white room playing congas a bongos .	who is sitting in the white room playing congas a bongos ?	man
31220	man is sitting in a white room playing congas a bongos .	what is the color of the room ?	white
31220	man is sitting in a white room playing congas a bongos .	where is man sitting playing congas a bongos . ?	room
31221	fat man wearing glasses is sitting on a chair in a white room .	who is wearing glasses is sitting on a chair in a white room ?	man
31221	fat man wearing glasses is sitting on a chair in a white room .	fat man wearing what is sitting on a chair in a white room ?	glasses
31221	fat man wearing glasses is sitting on a chair in a white room .	what is the color of the room ?	white
31222	man is sitting in a room playing salsa music with the bongos .	who is sitting in the room playing salsa music with the bongos ?	man
31223	woman is climbing a rock wall in a gym and a man is pulling the ropes .	who is climbing the rock wall in a gym and a man is pulling the ropes ?	woman
31223	woman is climbing a rock wall in a gym and a man is pulling the ropes .	who is woman climbing a rock wall in a gym and is pulling the ropes ?	man
31223	woman is climbing a rock wall in a gym and a man is pulling the ropes .	what is woman climbing a rock wall in a gym and a man is pulling ?	ropes
31223	woman is climbing a rock wall in a gym and a man is pulling the ropes .	where is woman climbing a rock wall and a man is pulling the ropes . ?	gym
31224	woman start descending from the rock wall .	who start descending from the rock wall ?	woman
31225	A clip is shown of a person on a wake board riding on some waves and crashing into the water .	what is shown of the person on a wake board riding on some waves and crashing into the water ?	clip
31226	Several more clips are shown of people riding on the wake boards on the ocean waves gliding along .	what are shown of people riding on the wake boards on the ocean waves gliding along ?	clips
31227	A girl wearing a scarf is seen talking to the camera and begins mixing various ingredients into a bowl .	who is wearing a scarf is seen talking to the camera and begins mixing various ingredients into a bowl ?	girl
31227	A girl wearing a scarf is seen talking to the camera and begins mixing various ingredients into a bowl .	the girl wearing what is seen talking to the camera and begins mixing various ingredients into a bowl ?	scarf
31228	She places the batter into circles on separate pans and shows the cookies she made after they are done .	who does she place into circles on separate pans ?	batter
31228	She places the batter into circles on separate pans and shows the cookies she made after they are done .	what does she show ?	cookies
31229	A man is walking in circles in the center of a crowd .	who is walking in circles in the center of a crowd ?	man
31232	There two men dressed Scottish kilts and attire standing in the courtyard .	how many men did there dress scottish kilts and attire standing in the courtyard ?	two
31232	There two men dressed Scottish kilts and attire standing in the courtyard .	where did two men dress scottish kilts and attire standing . ?	courtyard
31233	One of the men is playing the bagpipes and the other is playing the drums .	what is one of the men playing and the other is playing the drums ?	bagpipes
31233	One of the men is playing the bagpipes and the other is playing the drums .	what is one of the men playing the bagpipes and the other is playing ?	drums
31234	A woman tourist walks past them as they continue to play .	who walks past them as they continue to play ?	tourist
31235	An empty poker table is shown followed by a woman dealing cards and speaking to the camera .	what is shown followed by the woman dealing cards and speaking to the camera ?	table
31237	A man is standing in a room .	who is standing in the room ?	man
31237	A man is standing in a room .	where is the man standing . ?	room
31239	A woman then comes and throws darts at a dartboard .	who then comes and throws darts at a dartboard ?	woman
31242	A woman and a man stands next a helicopter , then the helicopter fly .	what does the woman and a man stand , then the helicopter fly ?	helicopter
31242	A woman and a man stands next a helicopter , then the helicopter fly .	what does the woman and a man stand next a helicopter , then fly ?	helicopter
31243	People run dragging a large red kite through a field .	what is the color of the kite ?	red
31244	The kite is in the air and the kids are standing under it watching it .	what is in the air and the kids are standing under it watching it ?	kite
31244	The kite is in the air and the kids are standing under it watching it .	who is the kite in the air and are standing under it watching it ?	kids
31245	The kite is in the air flying .	what is in the air flying ?	kite
31246	A man and a little girl and a boy are flying the kite and holding the base of it .	what are the man and a little girl and a boy flying and holding the base of it ?	kite
31247	A little girl throws something on the ground .	who throws something on the ground ?	girl
31249	A man is shown scrubbing up his hands in a sink while demonstrating the proper way to wash hands and dip them under the water .	who is shown scrubbing up his hands in a sink while demonstrating the proper way to wash hands and dip them under the water ?	man
31249	A man is shown scrubbing up his hands in a sink while demonstrating the proper way to wash hands and dip them under the water .	where is the man shown scrubbing up his hands while demonstrating the proper way to wash hands and dip them under the water . ?	sink
31250	The man dries it off with a rag in the end .	who dries it off with a rag in the end ?	man
31251	A car drives into a car wash bay .	what drives into the car wash bay ?	car
31252	The driver gets out and inserts money into a machine .	who gets out and inserts money into a machine ?	driver
31252	The driver gets out and inserts money into a machine .	what did the driver insert into a machine ?	money
31253	The person then washes their car with a pressure washer .	what does the person then wash with a pressure washer ?	car
31255	A man is seen standing next to a fence while the camera pans around the lake nearby .	who is seen standing next to the fence while the camera pans around the lake nearby ?	man
31256	The man bends down and begins painting the fence while the camera focuses on a person walking down .	who bends down and begins painting the fence while the camera focuses on a person walking down ?	man
31257	Another man walks up with a bucket and helps the man paint while the cameraman continues to look around .	who walks up with the bucket and helps the man paint while the cameraman continues to look around ?	man
31258	A car is traveling through snow covered roads and trees before arriving at a cabin .	what is traveling through snow covered roads and trees before arriving at a cabin ?	car
31261	A diver is swimming under the blue water .	who is swimming under the blue water ?	diver
31261	A diver is swimming under the blue water .	what is the color of the water ?	blue
31262	Two divers wearing their oxygen are under the water , they are holding onto the strong rope .	who are wearing their oxygen are under the water , they are holding onto the strong rope ?	divers
31262	Two divers wearing their oxygen are under the water , they are holding onto the strong rope .	how many divers is wearing their oxygen are under the water ?	two
31263	The divers dive deeper to into the water , they swim towards a coral bed under the water .	who dive deeper to into the water , they swim towards a coral bed under the water ?	divers
31264	The people are riding the white boat towards the ocean .	what is the color of the boat ?	white
31265	A female gymnast prepares to mount the bar .	who prepares to mount the bar ?	gymnast
31268	A toddler goes down on a slide in a playground full of people , when the toddler touches the floor , she stand and run .	who goes down on the slide in a playground full of people , when the toddler touches the floor , she stand and run ?	toddler
31269	Suddenly , a man run behind the toddler .	who do suddenly , run behind the toddler ?	man
31270	A man in a white shirt is holding a tool in his hand .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
31276	A person is clearing snow with a red snow plow .	what is the color of the plow ?	red
31279	A woman is standing on a field in a circle .	who is standing on the field in a circle ?	woman
31281	she accidentally lets go , and the disc flies out behind her .	what does she accidentally let go , and flies out behind her ?	disc
31282	A young girl is seen playing a saxophone while looking over to the camera and moving her hands up and down .	who is seen playing the saxophone while looking over to the camera and moving her hands up and down ?	girl
31283	The woman continues to play the instrument and ends by turning off the camera .	who continues to play the instrument and ends by turning off the camera ?	woman
31285	The front man turns around to the men behind him .	who turns around to the men behind him ?	man
31286	The man in front grabs the microphone .	what does the man in front grab ?	microphone
31289	They throw the ball trying to make the goal while the other team tries to block them .	what do they throw trying to make the goal while the other team tries to block them ?	ball
31293	The guy hops and flips on a trampoline .	who hops and flips on the trampoline ?	guy
31298	Two people enter with a chair and bucket .	how many people enter with the chair and bucket ?	two
31299	A man in a white hat is holding a black ball and talking .	what is the man in a white hat holding and talking ?	ball
31299	A man in a white hat is holding a black ball and talking .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
31299	A man in a white hat is holding a black ball and talking .	what is the color of the ball ?	black
31301	A man in a white jacket is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the jacket ?	white
31302	A man prepares to run along an indoor track .	who prepares to run along an indoor track ?	man
31305	Three teenage boys carry their skateboards up a paved park trail .	who carry their skateboards up a paved park trail ?	boys
31305	Three teenage boys carry their skateboards up a paved park trail .	what do three teenage boys carry up a paved park trail ?	skateboards
31305	Three teenage boys carry their skateboards up a paved park trail .	how many teenage boys carry their skateboards up a paved park trail ?	three
31306	A camera mounted on the skateboard captures scenes of the young skaters cruising in different directions and performing different tricks .	what mounted on the skateboard captures scenes of the young skaters cruising in different directions and performing different tricks ?	camera
31307	A skateboarder in a green hoodie skates on a narrow dirt trail lined with trees .	what is the color of the hoodie ?	green
31308	Three people are seen standing on a sandy field and lead into one scoring a goal .	how many people are seen standing on the sandy field and lead into one scoring a goal ?	three
31311	A lady wipes lipstick off her face .	who wipes lipstick off her face ?	lady
31311	A lady wipes lipstick off her face .	what does the lady wipe off her face ?	lipstick
31313	The lady stops and adjusts the camera .	who stops and adjusts the camera ?	lady
31313	The lady stops and adjusts the camera .	what does the lady stop and adjusts ?	camera
31314	the camera move and we see a man next to the lady .	what move and we see a man next to the lady ?	camera
31314	the camera move and we see a man next to the lady .	who do the camera move and we see next to the lady ?	man
31315	the lady fixes her hair in the camera .	who fixes her hair in the camera ?	lady
31315	the lady fixes her hair in the camera .	where did the lady fix her hair . ?	camera
31316	A man is seen speaking to the camera while peeling potatoes and looking to the camera .	who is seen speaking to the camera while peeling potatoes and looking to the camera ?	man
31317	The camera pans around the man continuously as he continues to peel the potatoes and speak .	what pans around the man continuously as he continues to peel the potatoes and speak ?	camera
31317	The camera pans around the man continuously as he continues to peel the potatoes and speak .	who does the camera pan around continuously ?	man
31318	A young woman is dressed in a zebra onesie sitting on her bed smoking a hookah .	who is dressed in the zebra onesie sitting on her bed smoking a hookah ?	woman
31319	She takes two puffs , exhales the smoke and a spark flies from the end of the tube .	how many puffs does she take ?	two
31321	Once he is finished , the hookah is given back to the girl and she starts to smoke .	what is , given back to the girl and she starts to smoke ?	hookah
31324	A young man is talking the the camera .	who is talking the the camera ?	man
31324	A young man is talking the the camera .	what is the young man talking ?	camera
31325	The man stands with a stick in his hand .	who stands with the stick in his hand ?	man
31326	The man points away from himself .	who points away from himself ?	man
31327	The man takes the stick and pushes pucks around the ground .	who takes the stick and pushes pucks around the ground ?	man
31327	The man takes the stick and pushes pucks around the ground .	who does the man push around the ground ?	pucks
31328	An excited man is seen talking to the camera and transitions into several shots of men winning games , beer , and being interviewed by the host .	who is seen talking to the camera and transitions into several shots of men winning games , beer , and being interviewed by the host ?	man
31330	A man is seen talking on a phone and more shots of the men playing beer pong are shown .	who is seen talking on the phone and more shots of the men playing beer pong are shown ?	man
31331	A woman spins around , showing off her hair style .	who spins around , showing off her hair style ?	woman
31332	We see a black hair drying spinning on the screen .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
31333	The woman is getting her hair styled in the background by another woman , while text covers the screen with instructions .	who is getting her hair styled in the background by another woman , while text covers the screen with instructions ?	woman
31334	The woman brushes and finalizes the style , and the client has a huge happy smile .	who brushes and finalizes the style , and the client has a huge happy smile ?	woman
31335	A man is seen sitting on a park bench playing guitar with a small boy beside him .	who is seen sitting on the park bench playing guitar with a small boy beside him ?	man
31336	The boy then begins playing a set of drums next to the man playing guitar .	who then begins playing the set of drums next to the man playing guitar ?	boy
31341	A young girl is sitting in an empty bath tub shaving a man 's leg that is thrown over the tub .	who is sitting in an empty bath tub shaving a man 's leg that is thrown over the tub ?	girl
31342	As she continues , the dog comes and she shows the hair on the razor to the camera .	what does , come and she shows the hair on the razor to the camera ?	dog
31343	There are two students , a boy and a girl in a pole vault runway .	where are two students , a boy and a girl . ?	runway
31344	One of the students , a boy sprints with the pole on the runway while a person in blue the other student watch him perform .	what is the color of the student ?	blue
31347	Men are dressed in red suits and each are taking turns break dancing alone as words on the screen are possibly naming the dancer .	what is the color of the suits ?	red
31350	The boy performs a karate routine with hand scythes .	who performs the karate routine with hand scythes ?	boy
31351	The boy ends his routine and bows .	who ends his routine and bows ?	boy
31352	the lady then hula hoops with 300 hula hoops with will be a world record .	who then hula hoops with 300 hula hoops with will be a world record ?	lady
31352	the lady then hula hoops with 300 hula hoops with will be a world record .	what will the lady then hula hoops with 300 hula hoops with be ?	record
31353	A lady stands in a living room and discusses .	who stands in the living room and discusses ?	lady
31354	The lady easily pulls the wallpaper of the wall .	who easily pulls the wallpaper of the wall ?	lady
31355	A woman paints the wall with a liquid .	who paints the wall with a liquid ?	woman
31355	A woman paints the wall with a liquid .	what did the woman paint with a liquid ?	wall
31356	The woman puts wallpaper on the area .	who puts wallpaper on the area ?	woman
31357	The woman cuts the wallpaper with a box cutter .	who cuts the wallpaper with a box cutter ?	woman
31358	The woman paints the wallpaper with paint .	who paints the wallpaper with paint ?	woman
31359	A title screen appears and then several paragraphs begin to roll over the screen .	what appears and then several paragraphs begin to roll over the screen ?	screen
31360	Next , a man with average sized curly black hair dressed in a suit begins to talk .	what is the color of the hair ?	black
31361	When he is finished , a man is shown playing the saxophone at a night time television show and then the man comes back to finish talking .	who is , shown playing the saxophone at a night time television show and then the man comes back to finish talking ?	man
31361	When he is finished , a man is shown playing the saxophone at a night time television show and then the man comes back to finish talking .	who is , the man shown and then comes back to finish talking ?	man
31362	There 's a man wearing s white shirt playing the drum set in a room .	who does there 's wearing s white shirt playing the drum set in a room ?	man
31362	There 's a man wearing s white shirt playing the drum set in a room .	there 's a man wearing s what playing the drum set in a room ?	shirt
31362	There 's a man wearing s white shirt playing the drum set in a room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
31368	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31369	A shirtless man talks in a gym .	who talks in the gym ?	man
31369	A shirtless man talks in a gym .	where does the shirtless man talk . ?	gym
31370	A lady runs past both ways then jumps rope behind the man .	who runs past both ways then jumps rope behind the man ?	lady
31371	We see title screens with instructions .	what do we see with instructions ?	screens
31372	We see a lady jumping rope eleven different ways .	how many eleven do we see a lady jumping different ways ?	rope
31373	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31374	a river is shown and a car is a dust path .	what is shown and the car is a dust path ?	river
31374	a river is shown and a car is a dust path .	what is the river shown and is a dust path ?	car
31377	A tv host stands in front of a camouflaged background .	who stands in front of a camouflaged background ?	host
31378	Two girls are seen walking in a photograph in baseball uniforms .	who are seen walking in the photograph in baseball uniforms ?	girls
31378	Two girls are seen walking in a photograph in baseball uniforms .	how many girls are seen walking in the photograph in baseball uniforms ?	two
31379	A large group of fans crowds on a baseball field and surrounds a famous singer doing a performance .	who does the large group of fans surround doing a performance ?	singer
31380	A red handball is rolled to a kicker during a kickball match who kicks it into the outfield for a run .	what is rolled to the kicker during a kickball match who kicks it into the outfield for a run ?	handball
31380	A red handball is rolled to a kicker during a kickball match who kicks it into the outfield for a run .	what is the color of the handball ?	red
31381	Another man in tshirt and black sweats kicks a ball and runs around the bases trying to avoid being tagged with the ball .	what does another man in tshirt and black sweats kick ?	ball
31383	The man is seen again in an up close video in a room .	who is seen again in an up close video in a room ?	man
31388	A man walks side my side with with partner .	who walks side my side with with partner ?	man
31390	The woman in red top is standing .	what is the color of the top ?	red
31391	The woman stretches her arms one side first then the next one .	who stretches her arms one side first then the next one ?	woman
31392	The woman put her arms in front of her , then stretch out and turned around .	who put her arms in front of her , then stretch out and turned around ?	woman
31393	A man is outside on a track .	who is outside on the track ?	man
31396	A girl and a man are inside a high structure wearing bungee jumping equipment .	the girl and a man are inside a high structure wearing what ?	bungee
31397	The girl get out and stand on the border of the structure , then while the man puts a rope behind the girl .	who get out and stand on the border of the structure , then while the man puts a rope behind the girl ?	girl
31398	After , the girl jumps from the structure for a moment and then she gets up on the structure .	who does after , jump from the structure for a moment and then she gets up on the structure ?	girl
31399	A man wearing a hood is opening a paper , then he went down the stair and walked to a pathway .	who is wearing a hood is opening a paper , then he went down the stair and walked to a pathway ?	man
31399	A man wearing a hood is opening a paper , then he went down the stair and walked to a pathway .	the man wearing who is opening a paper , then he went down the stair and walked to a pathway ?	hood
31400	The woman is talking to the camera and showing the ground covered with snow .	who is talking to the camera and showing the ground covered with snow ?	woman
31401	A construction worker is standing and talking to the camera while holding a sprayer .	who is construction standing and talking to the camera while holding a sprayer ?	worker
31403	A man is shown speaking to the camera excitedly and shows several shots of the man climbing a rock wall and various locations .	who is shown speaking to the camera excitedly and shows several shots of the man climbing a rock wall and various locations ?	man
31404	Then man then continues speaking to the camera and demonstrates how to properly climb the wall while still speaking .	then who then continues speaking to the camera and demonstrates how to properly climb the wall while still speaking ?	man
31405	We see a blue intro screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31405	We see a blue intro screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
31408	We see the screen go blue again and we see the experts .	who do we see and we see ?	experts
31409	Another title screen is shown and we see the credits .	what is shown and we see the credits ?	screen
31410	Two boys are sitting in a booth inside a building .	who are sitting in the booth inside a building ?	boys
31410	Two boys are sitting in a booth inside a building .	how many boys are sitting in the booth inside a building ?	two
31413	A girl does hula hoop spinning a hula ring around her neck , body and hands .	who does hula hoop spinning a hula ring around her neck , body and hands ?	girl
31413	A girl does hula hoop spinning a hula ring around her neck , body and hands .	what does the girl do spinning a hula ring around her neck , body and hands ?	hoop
31416	At the end the girl gives a hug to the person and a presenter talks .	who does at the end give a hug to the person and a presenter talks ?	girl
31418	A man speaks to the camera while several clips are shown of people flipping and doing tricks in various locations .	who speaks to the camera while several clips are shown of people flipping and doing tricks in various locations ?	man
31422	A woman wearing a black shirt begins talking and then someone getting their legs waxed appears .	who is wearing a black shirt begins talking and then someone getting their legs waxed appears ?	woman
31422	A woman wearing a black shirt begins talking and then someone getting their legs waxed appears .	the woman wearing what begins talking and then someone getting their legs waxed appears ?	shirt
31422	A woman wearing a black shirt begins talking and then someone getting their legs waxed appears .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
31423	As she talks , a layer of wax if placed on the leg and then a white piece of paper .	what is the color of the piece ?	white
31424	A young woman is seen looking to the camera smoking a cigarette and laughing to the camera .	who is seen looking to the camera smoking a cigarette and laughing to the camera ?	woman
31426	A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins laying out tarp next to a tree .	who is seen speaking to the camera and begins laying out tarp next to a tree ?	man
31427	The man cuts the tarp and begins putting mulch all around the tree .	who cuts the tarp and begins putting mulch all around the tree ?	man
31427	The man cuts the tarp and begins putting mulch all around the tree .	what does the man cut ?	tarp
31428	Two men sit across a table and begin an arm wrestling match .	how many men sit across the table and begin an arm wrestling match ?	two
31431	The kids continue pulling with adult 's help and then cheer in the end .	who continue pulling with adult 's help and then cheer in the end ?	kids
31432	We see a chair with a pillow on it .	what do we see with a pillow on it ?	chair
31433	A man holding a cat sits down on the chair .	who is holding a cat sits down on the chair ?	man
31433	A man holding a cat sits down on the chair .	the man holding what sits down on the chair ?	cat
31434	The man clips the cats fingernails .	who clips the cats fingernails ?	man
31434	The man clips the cats fingernails .	what does the man clip ?	fingernails
31435	The man strokes the cat 's head .	who strokes the cat 's head ?	man
31435	The man strokes the cat 's head .	what does the man stroke head ?	cat
31436	The man plays with the cat rocking it back and forth .	who plays with the cat rocking it back and forth ?	man
31437	The man stops the camera .	who stops the camera ?	man
31437	The man stops the camera .	what does the man stop ?	camera
31438	A young child is seen climbing into a slide and edging her way closer to the edge .	who is seen climbing into the slide and edging her way closer to the edge ?	child
31439	The girl then rides down the slide smiling and walks away .	who then rides down the slide smiling and walks away ?	girl
31439	The girl then rides down the slide smiling and walks away .	the girl then rides down what smiling ?	slide
31440	A clear bottle pours a drink into a cocktail glass .	what pours the drink into a cocktail glass ?	bottle
31440	A clear bottle pours a drink into a cocktail glass .	what does the clear bottle pour into a cocktail glass ?	drink
31441	A bartender picks up a stainless steel cup and scoops ice into it .	who picks up the stainless steel cup and scoops ice into it ?	bartender
31441	A bartender picks up a stainless steel cup and scoops ice into it .	what does the bartender pick up ?	cup
31442	The bartender pours liquors into a shot glass and dumps them into a cup .	who pours liquors into a shot glass and dumps them into a cup ?	bartender
31442	The bartender pours liquors into a shot glass and dumps them into a cup .	what does the bartender pour into a shot glass ?	liquors
31443	The bartender caps the cup and shakes vigorously .	who caps the cup and shakes vigorously ?	bartender
31443	The bartender caps the cup and shakes vigorously .	what does the bartender cap ?	cup
31445	A man touches his faces and waves .	who touches his faces and waves ?	man
31446	The man walks a mower across very tall growing grass .	who walks the mower across very tall growing grass ?	man
31447	A middle aged woman is standing in a room behind a table full of pain and various size brushes and an image of trees on a easel .	who is standing in the room behind a table full of pain and various size brushes and an image of trees on a easel ?	woman
31450	A person is carving a pumpkin .	what is the person carving ?	pumpkin
31451	We see two people side by side carving pumpkins .	how many people do we see side by side carving pumpkins ?	two
31453	We see five pumpkins on a couch and in the dark lit from the inside .	what do we see on a couch and in the dark lit from the inside ?	pumpkins
31453	We see five pumpkins on a couch and in the dark lit from the inside .	how many pumpkins do we see on a couch and in the dark lit from the inside ?	five
31454	We see a closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31455	A woman is sitting on the couch and is putting her feet in a python printed heels .	who is sitting on the couch and is putting her feet in a python printed heels ?	woman
31456	Once they are on she stands up and walks around as the camera zooms in on her red painted toe nails .	what is the color of the nails ?	red
31457	A man in a blue costume throws something into the audience .	what is the color of the costume ?	blue
31458	He picks up a green can and takes a drink .	what does he pick up ?	can
31458	He picks up a green can and takes a drink .	what is the color of the can ?	green
31461	The camera pans to show another man using an electric shoveling machine to clear show from his driveway .	what pans to show another man using an electric shoveling machine to clear show from his driveway ?	camera
31462	The man finishes clearing snow and turns to the camera .	who finishes clearing snow and turns to the camera ?	man
31463	We see an animated opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31467	We see two men interviewed .	how many men do we see interviewed ?	two
31469	There 's a woman in a red sweater and white shirt and blue pants sitting in her living room on a brown leather sofa .	what is the color of the sweater ?	red
31469	There 's a woman in a red sweater and white shirt and blue pants sitting in her living room on a brown leather sofa .	what is the color of the sofa ?	brown
31472	She sprays the wooden table surface with the spray and then wipes it with the white paper towel .	what did she spray with the spray ?	surface
31472	She sprays the wooden table surface with the spray and then wipes it with the white paper towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
31474	We see a man standing in a room .	where do we see a man standing . ?	room
31475	The man starts performing tai chi .	who starts performing tai chi ?	man
31476	The man turns and faces left .	who turns and faces left ?	man
31477	The man turns to face right .	who turns to face right ?	man
31478	The man makes his way to the right side of the room slowly .	who makes his way to the right side of the room slowly ?	man
31479	The screen then fades to black .	what then fades to black ?	screen
31479	The screen then fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
31480	A young man plays the violin on a sidewalk for people passing by in downtown area .	who plays the violin on a sidewalk for people passing by in downtown area ?	man
31480	A young man plays the violin on a sidewalk for people passing by in downtown area .	what does the young man play on a sidewalk for people passing by in downtown area ?	violin
31481	Two students walk by behind the musician while he plays .	who walk by behind the musician while he plays ?	students
31481	Two students walk by behind the musician while he plays .	how many students walk by behind the musician while he plays ?	two
31483	A man drops change in the musician 's cup after he plays .	who drops change in the musician 's cup after he plays ?	man
31483	A man drops change in the musician 's cup after he plays .	where does the man drop change after he plays . ?	cup
31484	Two cheerleaders exercise in a gym while talking .	who exercise in the gym while talking ?	cheerleaders
31484	Two cheerleaders exercise in a gym while talking .	how many cheerleaders exercise in the gym while talking ?	two
31485	A cheerleader is in a room and then lift weight , while the other one talks on his phone .	who is in the room and then lift weight , while the other one talks on his phone ?	cheerleader
31486	After , the cheerleaders talk and exercise .	who do after , talk and exercise ?	cheerleaders
31487	After , the cheerleaders exercise and also talk .	after , who exercise and also talk ?	cheerleaders
31488	A man takes off his shirt .	who takes off his shirt ?	man
31489	He starts doing karate moves on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
31491	First the young woman is sleeping in her bed , but then she wakes up to say something .	who is sleeping in her bed , but then she wakes up to say something ?	woman
31491	First the young woman is sleeping in her bed , but then she wakes up to say something .	where is first the young woman sleeping , but then she wakes up to say something . ?	bed
31492	She is also shown doing fun things in the video and other girls are too .	who is she also shown and are too ?	girls
31493	A young man puts detergent in a blue bucket , then shows and explains how to clean a screen windows using a squeegee .	who puts detergent in a blue bucket , then shows and explains how to clean a screen windows using a squeegee ?	man
31493	A young man puts detergent in a blue bucket , then shows and explains how to clean a screen windows using a squeegee .	what is the color of the bucket ?	blue
31493	A young man puts detergent in a blue bucket , then shows and explains how to clean a screen windows using a squeegee .	where does the young man put detergent . ?	bucket
31494	After , the young man cleans the wet screen with a cloth .	who does after , clean the wet screen with a cloth ?	man
31494	After , the young man cleans the wet screen with a cloth .	what does after , the young man clean with a cloth ?	screen
31495	The young man compares a dirt screen with the clean one and gives a thump up .	who compares the dirt screen with the clean one and gives a thump up ?	man
31495	The young man compares a dirt screen with the clean one and gives a thump up .	what does the young man compare with the clean one ?	screen
31496	A camera pans around a fenced in area and leads into a man and his dog performing tricks with a frisbee .	what pans around the fenced in area and leads into a man and his dog performing tricks with a frisbee ?	camera
31499	A beach is seen from the distance and houses are seen on a hillside in a small beach town .	what is seen from the distance and houses are seen on a hillside in a small beach town ?	beach
31499	A beach is seen from the distance and houses are seen on a hillside in a small beach town .	what is the beach seen from the distance and are seen on a hillside in a small beach town ?	houses
31500	A surfer walks down towards the beach .	who walks down towards the beach ?	surfer
31501	Surfers ride large waves in the ocean .	who ride large waves in the ocean ?	surfers
31502	A woman is seen looking off in the distance who holds onto a harmonica .	who is seen looking off in the distance who holds onto a harmonica ?	woman
31507	Two teams play water polo in the swimming pool while the reporter continues to interview people .	who do two teams play in the swimming pool ?	polo
31507	Two teams play water polo in the swimming pool while the reporter continues to interview people .	how many teams play water polo in the swimming pool while the reporter continues to interview people ?	two
31507	Two teams play water polo in the swimming pool while the reporter continues to interview people .	where do two teams play water polo while the reporter continues to interview people . ?	pool
31509	The winner team gets out the water and celebrates , and then the reporter interviews the team members .	who gets out the water and celebrates , and then the reporter interviews the team members ?	team
31509	The winner team gets out the water and celebrates , and then the reporter interviews the team members .	the winner team gets out the water and celebrates , and then who interviews the team members ?	reporter
31509	The winner team gets out the water and celebrates , and then the reporter interviews the team members .	the winner team gets out the water and celebrates , and then the reporter interviews who ?	members
31510	Again , the team gets in the water , and then the reporter broadcast from a studio set .	who does again , the team get in the water , and then broadcast from a studio set ?	reporter
31511	A man descends from a steam slope on his snowboard .	who descends from the steam slope on his snowboard ?	man
31513	Another snowboarder sharply slides down a steep hill to the base .	who sharply slides down the steep hill to the base ?	snowboarder
31516	Another snowboarder flies down the hill , expertly cutting left and right .	who flies down the hill , expertly cutting left and right ?	snowboarder
31519	The woman in white sweater is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the sweater ?	white
31520	The woman is holding a violin and stick .	who is holding the violin and stick ?	woman
31521	The woman put the violin between her neck and shoulder and began playing for few seconds then talked to the camera .	who put the violin between her neck and shoulder and began playing for few seconds then talked to the camera ?	woman
31522	A girl gives tips on how to brush your hair with a round brush .	who gives tips on how to brush your hair with a round brush ?	girl
31525	A girl demonstrates playing an acoustic guitar using her hands to create percussion noise on the body of the guitar .	who demonstrates playing an acoustic guitar using her hands to create percussion noise on the body of the guitar ?	girl
31526	A girl enters a room where an acoustic guitar is leaning against a sofa and sits down on the sofa and begins to play the guitar .	who enters the room where an acoustic guitar is leaning against a sofa and sits down on the sofa and begins to play the guitar ?	girl
31526	A girl enters a room where an acoustic guitar is leaning against a sofa and sits down on the sofa and begins to play the guitar .	what does the girl enter ?	room
31527	The girl uses her right hand to make beats with the guitar and picks chords with the left hand while staring intently at the guitar .	who uses her right hand to make beats with the guitar and picks chords with the left hand while staring intently at the guitar ?	girl
31527	The girl uses her right hand to make beats with the guitar and picks chords with the left hand while staring intently at the guitar .	what does the girl pick with the left hand while staring intently at the guitar ?	chords
31528	The girl continues to play intensely , occasionally nodding her head to the rhythm .	who continues to play intensely , occasionally nodding her head to the rhythm ?	girl
31535	Two kayak riders talk while sitting in their kayaks .	how many kayak riders talk while sitting in their kayaks ?	two
31537	Two people are standing in a kitchen .	how many people are standing in the kitchen ?	two
31537	Two people are standing in a kitchen .	where are two people standing . ?	kitchen
31538	A man moves a glass bowl off the counter .	who moves the glass bowl off the counter ?	man
31539	A woman begins chopping a tomato on a board .	who begins chopping the tomato on a board ?	woman
31540	We a man washing dishes in a restaurant kitchen with two other men standing behind him on massaging his shoulder .	who did we wash dishes in a restaurant kitchen with two other men standing behind him on massaging his shoulder ?	man
31540	We a man washing dishes in a restaurant kitchen with two other men standing behind him on massaging his shoulder .	what did we a man wash in a restaurant kitchen with two other men standing behind him on massaging his shoulder ?	dishes
31540	We a man washing dishes in a restaurant kitchen with two other men standing behind him on massaging his shoulder .	where did we a man wash dishes . ?	kitchen
31541	Teh dishwasher shakes the man off his shoulders .	what shakes the man off his shoulders ?	dishwasher
31541	Teh dishwasher shakes the man off his shoulders .	who does teh dishwasher shake off his shoulders ?	man
31543	The other man pretends to wash dishes then washes his hands .	who pretends to wash dishes then washes his hands ?	man
31545	One of the guys hits the ball over to the other side and they hit it back .	what does one of the guys hit over to the other side and they hit it back ?	ball
31548	woman is standing in front of a counter talking to the camera and showing drinks .	who is standing in front of a counter talking to the camera and showing drinks ?	woman
31549	woman grabbs the juice and liquor and and serve it in a cup .	who grabbs the juice and liquor and and serve it in a cup ?	woman
31549	woman grabbs the juice and liquor and and serve it in a cup .	where does woman grabbs the juice and liquor and and serve it . ?	cup
31550	woman is showing in a bar how to prepare a cocktail .	who is showing in the bar how to prepare a cocktail ?	woman
31550	woman is showing in a bar how to prepare a cocktail .	where is woman showing how to prepare a cocktail . ?	bar
31551	A man wearing a blue shirt walks to some congas and sit down .	who is wearing a blue shirt walks to some congas and sit down ?	man
31551	A man wearing a blue shirt walks to some congas and sit down .	the man wearing what walks to some congas and sit down ?	shirt
31551	A man wearing a blue shirt walks to some congas and sit down .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
31552	The musician begins to play the congas in a small room .	who begins to play the congas in a small room ?	musician
31552	The musician begins to play the congas in a small room .	where does the musician begin to play the congas . ?	room
31553	The man then gets up and approaches the camera .	who then gets up and approaches the camera ?	man
31553	The man then gets up and approaches the camera .	what does the man then approach ?	camera
31554	There 's a woman skurfing where the woman is towed on a surf board behind a sailboat .	who does there 's skurfing where the woman is towed on a surf board behind a sailboat ?	woman
31555	The woman surfer jumps up high as the sailboat sails in the water .	who jumps up high as the sailboat sails in the water ?	surfer
31556	The woman twists and turns around while on the surf board .	who twists and turns around while on the surf board ?	woman
31557	The sailboat continues to pull the woman and she balances perfectly on the surfs as she twists and turns and spins on the surfs .	what continues to pull the woman and she balances perfectly on the surfs as she twists and turns and spins on the surfs ?	sailboat
31560	The surfer pretends to fall down with the sheer weight of the medals .	who pretends to fall down with the sheer weight of the medals ?	surfer
31561	A man is seen speaking to the camera while leading into various pictures of speaking as well as smoking .	who is seen speaking to the camera while leading into various pictures of speaking as well as smoking ?	man
31562	The man continues speaking while showing pictures intermittently of smoking and cigarettes close up .	who continues speaking while showing pictures intermittently of smoking and cigarettes close up ?	man
31564	A person throws a frisbee as a dog catches them .	what does the person throw ?	frisbee
31565	A man raises his hands in the air and walks off and another person walks past the camera .	who raises his hands in the air and walks off and another person walks past the camera ?	man
31566	We see a title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31571	A little boy runs fast to his swing set and his dog runs after him .	who runs fast to his swing set and his dog runs after him ?	boy
31571	A little boy runs fast to his swing set and his dog runs after him .	what does the little boy run fast to his swing set and runs after him ?	dog
31572	He climbs up the slide and and slide and his little brother comes up to play too .	what does he climb up ?	slide
31573	The mom comes over to play on the sea saw with one of the boys and he falls off .	who comes over to play on the sea saw with one of the boys and he falls off ?	mom
31575	A camera pans around a room and leads into two women speaking and pulling out rock tiles .	what pans around the room and leads into two women speaking and pulling out rock tiles ?	camera
31576	The women then put plaster down followed by the rock tiles and showing off the finished shower in the end and people reacting .	who then put plaster down followed by the rock tiles and showing off the finished shower in the end and people reacting ?	women
31578	A man sticks something in his ears .	who sticks something in his ears ?	man
31579	A man in a green shirt mocks a cop and people laugh and clap .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
31580	The cop gives the man a Pepsi .	who gives the man a pepsi ?	cop
31580	The cop gives the man a Pepsi .	what does the cop give the man ?	pepsi
31581	We see the man on the cricket field throwing a ball .	who do we see on the cricket field throwing a ball ?	man
31582	The man drinks the Pepsi and we see the closing screen .	who drinks the pepsi and we see the closing screen ?	man
31582	The man drinks the Pepsi and we see the closing screen .	what does the man drink and we see the closing screen ?	pepsi
31582	The man drinks the Pepsi and we see the closing screen .	what does the man drink the pepsi and we see closing ?	screen
31583	A woman wearing a red leotard demonstrates a ballet move traveling toe move .	who is wearing a red leotard demonstrates a ballet move traveling toe move ?	woman
31583	A woman wearing a red leotard demonstrates a ballet move traveling toe move .	the woman wearing what demonstrates a ballet move traveling toe move ?	leotard
31583	A woman wearing a red leotard demonstrates a ballet move traveling toe move .	what is the color of the leotard ?	red
31584	The ballet instructor shimmies across the floor taking small little side steps .	who shimmies across the floor taking small little side steps ?	instructor
31585	The instructor demonstrates a spot turn ballet turns .	who demonstrates the spot turn ballet turns ?	instructor
31586	The instructor than combines the side toe step with the spot turning move .	who than combines the side toe step with the spot turning move ?	instructor
31587	Two young teenage girls hold soapsuds in their hands in a kitchen .	who hold soapsuds in their hands in a kitchen ?	girls
31587	Two young teenage girls hold soapsuds in their hands in a kitchen .	how many young teenage girls hold soapsuds in their hands in a kitchen ?	two
31587	Two young teenage girls hold soapsuds in their hands in a kitchen .	where do two young teenage girls hold soapsuds in their hands . ?	kitchen
31588	The girls throw the suds in each other 's faces .	who throw the suds in each other 's faces ?	girls
31589	One girl hops on the shoulders of the other .	who hops on the shoulders of the other ?	girl
31589	One girl hops on the shoulders of the other .	how many girl hops on the shoulders of the other ?	one
31592	They kick a ball , then try to chase it down .	what do they kick , then try to chase it down ?	ball
31593	The kids continue playing as a man joins , fighting over the ball .	who continue playing as the man joins , fighting over the ball ?	kids
31594	a sea is shown with a green forest on seashore .	what is shown with the green forest on seashore ?	sea
31594	a sea is shown with a green forest on seashore .	what is the color of the forest ?	green
31595	blond man is standing in seashore and talking to the camera and surfing big waves on the sea .	who is standing in seashore and talking to the camera and surfing big waves on the sea ?	man
31596	man is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore .	who is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore ?	man
31597	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a stick .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a stick ?	man
31600	An elderly woman pans to the camera and does various hand movements on the floor .	who pans to the camera and does various hand movements on the floor ?	woman
31601	The woman grabs several items of clothing and shows how she washes them in the sink .	who grabs several items of clothing and shows how she washes them in the sink ?	woman
31601	The woman grabs several items of clothing and shows how she washes them in the sink .	where does the woman show how she washes them . ?	sink
31604	First the woman grabs some dishes to prepare something and puts them into a refrigerator .	first who grabs some dishes to prepare something and puts them into a refrigerator ?	woman
31605	She then holds a cup under a foam dispenser and remove sit when it 's filled up .	what does she then hold under a foam dispenser ?	cup
31608	she puts the plate under the dispenser and she removes it and slowly pulls the circle off of the cake once she is done smoothing the paste .	what does she put under the dispenser and she removes it and slowly pulls the circle off of the cake once she is done smoothing the paste ?	plate
31608	she puts the plate under the dispenser and she removes it and slowly pulls the circle off of the cake once she is done smoothing the paste .	what does she put the plate under the dispenser and she removes it and slowly pulls off of the cake once she is done smoothing the paste ?	circle
31609	Then she uses a knife to put lines on the sides of the cake .	what does then she use ?	knife
31611	then she drizzles a little chocolate syrup on there .	what does then she drizzle on there ?	syrup
31613	A young child is seen sitting before a piano and playing a song while wearing a halloween costume .	who is seen sitting before the piano and playing a song while wearing a halloween costume ?	child
31614	The boy continues playing the instrument and ends by pulling his mask down .	who continues playing the instrument and ends by pulling his mask down ?	boy
31615	A woman is seen performing a dance routine on a stage in front of a large audience .	who is seen performing the dance routine on a stage in front of a large audience ?	woman
31616	The woman continues dancing all around the stage and ends with a bow and walking off stage .	who continues dancing all around the stage and ends with a bow and walking off stage ?	woman
31618	The woman is putting make up to the boy 's face , and then the boy shows his face .	who is putting make up to the boy 's face , and then the boy shows his face ?	woman
31618	The woman is putting make up to the boy 's face , and then the boy shows his face .	who is the woman putting , and then shows his face ?	boy
31619	Then , the woman put make on a girl face .	who did then , put make on the girl face ?	woman
31621	A girl performances some gymnastics stunts .	who some gymnastics stunts ?	girl
31622	A girl stands in place facing a lady .	who stands in place facing a lady ?	girl
31623	The girl holds up her hand .	who holds up her hand ?	girl
31624	The girl turn around and climbs the gymnastic , wooden bar .	who turn around and climbs the gymnastic , wooden bar ?	girl
31625	With her hands on the bar , the girl lifts and splits her legs above her head .	who does with her hands on the bar , lift and splits her legs above her head ?	girl
31626	The lady moves a platform to the left side of the bar .	who moves the platform to the left side of the bar ?	lady
31626	The lady moves a platform to the left side of the bar .	what does the lady move to the left side of the bar ?	platform
31627	The girl sits on the bar with her hand raised .	who sits on the bar with her hand raised ?	girl
31629	The girl stands on the bar .	who stands on the bar ?	girl
31630	The girl lifts off the bar and land on edge of the bar .	who lifts off the bar and land on edge of the bar ?	girl
31631	The girl back flips three times .	who back flips three times ?	girl
31631	The girl back flips three times .	how many times does the girl back flip ?	three
31632	The girl takes two steps and front flips .	who takes two steps and front flips ?	girl
31633	The girl lifts of the bar and lands in the same position .	who lifts of the bar and lands in the same position ?	girl
31634	The girl turns , jumps in place , and back flips .	who turns , jumps in place , and back flips ?	girl
31635	The girl turns and spins with hands raised .	who turns and spins with hands raised ?	girl
31636	The girl steps forward , jumps and turns .	who steps forward , jumps and turns ?	girl
31637	The girls steps forward and front flips and lands at the edge .	what forward and front flips and lands at the edge ?	steps
31638	The girl back flips three times off the bar and lands on a blue mat .	who back flips three times off the bar and lands on a blue mat ?	girl
31638	The girl back flips three times off the bar and lands on a blue mat .	how many times does the girl back flip off the bar and lands on a blue mat ?	three
31638	The girl back flips three times off the bar and lands on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
31639	An eight year old girl is playing a harmonica on a stage .	who is playing the harmonica on a stage ?	girl
31639	An eight year old girl is playing a harmonica on a stage .	how many year is an old girl playing a harmonica on a stage ?	eight
31640	The camera zooms in on the girl as the girl begins to play harder and harder , taking deeper and deeper breaths .	what zooms in on the girl as the girl begins to play harder and harder , taking deeper and deeper breaths ?	camera
31641	The girl stops playing , takes a look to her left really quickly , then beings to smile while looking at the camera and clapping .	who stops playing , takes a look to her left really quickly , then beings to smile while looking at the camera and clapping ?	girl
31643	A male hairdresser works on the hair of a seated woman in a luxury beauty salon .	who works on the hair of a seated woman in a luxury beauty salon ?	hairdresser
31644	The man dries and applies product to the woman 's hair .	who dries and applies product to the woman 's hair ?	man
31644	The man dries and applies product to the woman 's hair .	what does the man dry and applies to the woman 's hair ?	product
31645	A man is seen standing in front of a table holding up a bar of wax and other objects .	who is seen standing in front of a table holding up a bar of wax and other objects ?	man
31647	He moves the sander all along the board and ends by showing it off to the camera .	what does he move all along the board ?	sander
31649	man is interviewing an old woman in the sreet .	who is interviewing an old woman in the sreet ?	man
31650	man is doing a high jump above a car in street .	who is doing the high jump above a car in street ?	man
31651	man is laying down in a wooden table and other man jumps above the table .	who is laying down in the wooden table and other man jumps above the table ?	man
31653	man is helping a woman wear the stilts and walks in a gym room playing basketball with oher players .	who is helping the woman wear the stilts and walks in a gym room playing basketball with oher players ?	man
31653	man is helping a woman wear the stilts and walks in a gym room playing basketball with oher players .	where does man walk playing basketball with oher players . ?	room
31655	man are sitting around a bench in street outside a restaurant .	who are sitting around the bench in street outside a restaurant ?	man
31658	The guy in green shirt plays the drums .	what does the guy in green shirt play ?	drums
31658	The guy in green shirt plays the drums .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
31663	The man continues shaving his beard .	who continues shaving his beard ?	man
31667	The man then grabs a pair of tweezers and clips the girl 's ear .	who then grabs the pair of tweezers and clips the girl 's ear ?	man
31668	The earring is finally in and the girl begins to smile in approval and touches her other ear .	what is finally in and the girl begins to smile in approval and touches her other ear ?	earring
31669	Several clips are shown of athletes running down a large track into a pit of sand .	what are shown of athletes running down a large track into a pit of sand ?	clips
31671	Several clips are shown of athletes running down the track as well as jumping over beams and waving to the audience .	what are shown of athletes running down the track as well as jumping over beams and waving to the audience ?	clips
31673	One man then jumps on the table and crashes it to the floor while others run around and laugh .	who then jumps on the table and crashes it to the floor while others run around and laugh ?	man
31673	One man then jumps on the table and crashes it to the floor while others run around and laugh .	how many man then jumps on the table and crashes it to the floor while others run around and laugh ?	one
31675	The waters are rough , splashing harshly against the rocks .	who are rough , splashing harshly against the rocks ?	waters
31676	The people are being knocked off their surfboards .	what are the people being knocked off ?	surfboards
31678	A person is walking and holding a string tied to the camel 's face .	what is the person walking and holding tied to the camel 's face ?	string
31679	A light brown liquid is being poured into small glasses .	what is the color of the liquid ?	brown
31680	A man is working out on bars .	who is working out on bars ?	man
31684	A white truck is seen in a driveway .	what is seen in the driveway ?	truck
31684	A white truck is seen in a driveway .	what is the color of the truck ?	white
31684	A white truck is seen in a driveway .	where is the white truck seen . ?	driveway
31685	We see the cameraman 's shadow .	who do we see shadow ?	cameraman
31687	A person People are using leaf blowers .	what are the person people using ?	blowers
31688	The camera pans to show the trees and the garden .	what pans to show the trees and the garden ?	camera
31690	A woman stands in bathroom and then places a contact lens into her eye .	who stands in bathroom and then places a contact lens into her eye ?	woman
31690	A woman stands in bathroom and then places a contact lens into her eye .	the woman then places contact what into her eye ?	lens
31690	A woman stands in bathroom and then places a contact lens into her eye .	where does the woman stand . ?	bathroom
31691	The woman then takes the contact lens back out of her eye .	who then takes the contact lens back out of her eye ?	woman
31692	The woman shows a pair of tweezers and uses them to take the contact out of her eye instead .	who shows the pair of tweezers and uses them to take the contact out of her eye instead ?	woman
31697	A gymnast prepares to mount a beam .	who prepares to mount the beam ?	gymnast
31700	A girl hits a pinata blindfolded while the pinata goes up and down in a backyard .	who hits the pinata blindfolded while the pinata goes up and down in a backyard ?	girl
31700	A girl hits a pinata blindfolded while the pinata goes up and down in a backyard .	what does the girl hit ?	blindfolded
31700	A girl hits a pinata blindfolded while the pinata goes up and down in a backyard .	where does the girl hit a pinata blindfolded while the pinata goes . ?	backyard
31701	Then , the girl take off the cloth on her eyes and smile .	who do then , take off the cloth on her eyes and smile ?	girl
31702	A tire for a bicycle spins , and a man catches it .	who does the tire for a bicycle spin , and catches it ?	man
31703	We see a question written on paper , then a man in a bike shop as he talks .	where do we see a question written on paper , then a man as he talks . ?	shop
31706	A mans hair is seen close up followed by a razor being used on the sides .	who is seen close up followed by the razor being used on the sides ?	hair
31708	The man 's head is also seen being shaven on the side .	who head is also seen being shaven on the side ?	man
31709	There 's a lady swimmer diving into an indoor pool from a tall diving board while a small group of people are watching her perform .	who does there 's into an indoor pool from a tall diving board ?	diving
31710	The diver stands in one position first to adjust her stance and then gradually steps forward on the diving board .	who stands in one position first to adjust her stance and then gradually steps forward on the diving board ?	diver
31713	There are two players wearing a red and white shirt and the other wearing black and white shirt , playing racket ball in an indoor court with a few spectators .	how many players are there wearing a red and white shirt and the other wearing black and white shirt , playing racket ball in an indoor court with a few spectators ?	two
31713	There are two players wearing a red and white shirt and the other wearing black and white shirt , playing racket ball in an indoor court with a few spectators .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
31714	The player in red hits the ball with a front hand swing and his opponent leaps forward to return the ball .	what does the player in red hit with a front hand swing and his opponent leaps ?	ball
31716	The player in black misses one shot , but he immediately grabs the ball and they continue to play again .	how many shot does the player in black miss ?	one
31716	The player in black misses one shot , but he immediately grabs the ball and they continue to play again .	what is the color of the player ?	black
31719	Then they play five rounds continuously using back hand swings until the player in black misses a shot .	what do then they play ?	rounds
31719	Then they play five rounds continuously using back hand swings until the player in black misses a shot .	how many rounds do then they play continuously using back hand swings until the player in black misses a shot ?	five
31719	Then they play five rounds continuously using back hand swings until the player in black misses a shot .	what is the color of the misses ?	black
31720	Then they begin their final round where the player in black and white ends the final shot .	what do then they begin ?	round
31722	A girl gymnast in red sparkly leotard is doing gymnastics on a horse bar .	what is the color of the leotard ?	red
31722	A girl gymnast in red sparkly leotard is doing gymnastics on a horse bar .	where is the girl gymnast doing gymnastics on a horse bar . ?	leotard
31726	Two girls are seen standing on a gymnasium floor in front of a large crowd .	who are seen standing on the gymnasium floor in front of a large crowd ?	girls
31726	Two girls are seen standing on a gymnasium floor in front of a large crowd .	how many girls are seen standing on the gymnasium floor in front of a large crowd ?	two
31727	The girls then begin dancing around the area while twirling batons in their hands .	who then begin dancing around the area while twirling batons in their hands ?	girls
31730	The balls go to a loop in the ground .	what go to the loop in the ground ?	balls
31732	Two women sweep a floor together as a ball glides behind them .	who are sweep a floor together as a ball glides behind them ?	women
31732	Two women sweep a floor together as a ball glides behind them .	two women sweep what together as a ball glides behind them ?	floor
31732	Two women sweep a floor together as a ball glides behind them .	how many women is sweep a floor together as a ball glides behind them ?	two
31733	They sweep the floor again and one of the women stops for a second as her partner starts sweeping faster .	what does they sweep again and one of the women stops for a second as her partner starts sweeping faster ?	floor
31734	They sweep the floor again with one woman furiously sweeping towards the end as her partner stops for a second and looks up .	what did they sweep again with one woman furiously sweeping towards the end as her partner stops for a second ?	floor
31738	There 's a man in a blue shirt and beige pants sitting in front yard on brown mulch talking about lawn and garden care .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
31738	There 's a man in a blue shirt and beige pants sitting in front yard on brown mulch talking about lawn and garden care .	what is the color of the mulch ?	brown
31739	He points to the brown mulch and the shrub near him as he explains the do 's and do n'ts about lawn care .	what is the color of the mulch ?	brown
31746	We see two opening title screens .	what do we see ?	screens
31746	We see two opening title screens .	how many opening title screens do we see ?	two
31747	A lady sits on a bathtub and talks while playing with a dog .	who sits on the bathtub and talks while playing with a dog ?	lady
31748	The lady puts the dog in the water and washes him .	who puts the dog in the water and washes him ?	lady
31749	The lady adds more soap .	who adds more soap ?	lady
31749	The lady adds more soap .	what does the lady add ?	soap
31750	The lady rinses the dog and wraps in him in a mustard orange towel .	who rinses the dog and wraps in him in a mustard orange towel ?	lady
31750	The lady rinses the dog and wraps in him in a mustard orange towel .	what does the lady rinse ?	dog
31751	the lady sits and talks as the dog sits in her lap .	who sits and talks as the dog sits in her lap ?	lady
31752	The ending credits roll up the screen .	what do the ending credits roll up ?	screen
31753	A man is seen speaking to the camera while presenting various liquids and ingredients .	who is seen speaking to the camera while presenting various liquids and ingredients ?	man
31754	The man mixes ingredients into a glass with fruit for several drinks while stopping to have a drink .	who mixes ingredients into a glass with fruit for several drinks while stopping to have a drink ?	man
31754	The man mixes ingredients into a glass with fruit for several drinks while stopping to have a drink .	what does the man mix into a glass with fruit for several drinks ?	ingredients
31756	A man 's face is moving back and forth .	who face is moving back and forth ?	man
31757	The man is shining a shoe .	who is shining the shoe ?	man
31757	The man is shining a shoe .	what is the man shining ?	shoe
31758	A man is seen kneeling down beside a tire while holding up various tools .	who is seen kneeling down beside the tire while holding up various tools ?	man
31759	The man then takes off a hubcap and places it back on the tire .	who then takes off the hubcap and places it back on the tire ?	man
31761	An athletic man is seen running down a long track and throwing a javelin off into the distance with others measuring his throw .	who is seen running down the long track and throwing a javelin off into the distance with others measuring his throw ?	man
31762	The man walks away and high fives a man in the crowd while his score is shown and another steps up to the side .	who walks away and high fives a man in the crowd while his score is shown and another steps up to the side ?	man
31763	A man is standing outside holding a chainsaw .	who is standing outside holding the chainsaw ?	man
31766	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while a woman swims back and fourth in the pool behind her .	who is seen speaking to the camera while a woman swims back and fourth in the pool behind her ?	woman
31767	Clips are then shown close up on how to perform proper swimming techniques while the camera interments with the woman speaking .	what are then shown close up on how to perform proper swimming techniques while the camera interments with the woman speaking ?	clips
31768	A man wearing a cowboy hat , sunglasses and yellow latex gloves is standing next to a horse in a stable .	who is wearing a cowboy hat , sunglasses and yellow latex gloves is standing next to a horse in a stable ?	man
31768	A man wearing a cowboy hat , sunglasses and yellow latex gloves is standing next to a horse in a stable .	what is the color of the gloves ?	yellow
31768	A man wearing a cowboy hat , sunglasses and yellow latex gloves is standing next to a horse in a stable .	where is the man wearing a cowboy hat , sunglasses and yellow latex gloves is standing . ?	stable
31769	He is using a blow dryer to dry the horse 's wet body .	what is he using blow ?	dryer
31770	He moves the blow dryer back and forth all over the horse 's back to dry it .	what does he move blow back and forth all over the horse 's back to dry it ?	dryer
31772	A painter demonstrates various art pieces in her studio .	who demonstrates various art pieces in her studio ?	painter
31772	A painter demonstrates various art pieces in her studio .	what does the painter demonstrate in her studio ?	pieces
31772	A painter demonstrates various art pieces in her studio .	where does the painter demonstrate various art pieces . ?	studio
31773	She sits in her studio , speaking .	where does she sit , speaking . ?	studio
31774	She grabs a paintbrush and dips it into black paint repeatedly , as she paints a black tree .	what does she grab ?	paintbrush
31774	She grabs a paintbrush and dips it into black paint repeatedly , as she paints a black tree .	what is the color of the paint ?	black
31774	She grabs a paintbrush and dips it into black paint repeatedly , as she paints a black tree .	what is the color of the tree ?	black
31776	She moves on to grab the paintbrush and dips it into black paint repeatedly , and moves on to paint another tree .	what is the color of the paint ?	black
31777	With the same paint brush , this time dipping it into green paint , she paints the pines of three .	what is the color of the paint ?	green
31778	She finishes her painting and speaks for a bit .	what does she finish ?	painting
31779	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
31780	A man sits on a track and talks as he is interviewed .	who sits on the track and talks as he is interviewed ?	man
31781	Two men in red walk up the bleachers and one stops to talk to someone .	how many men in red walk up the bleachers and one stops to talk to someone ?	two
31783	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
31784	A man is seen standing around with a large group of kids and leads into the kids play dodgbeall in a large gymnasium .	who is seen standing around with the large group of kids and leads into the kids play dodgbeall in a large gymnasium ?	man
31785	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while more shots of the game are shown and the man speaking to the kids .	who is seen speaking to the camera while more shots of the game are shown and the man speaking to the kids ?	woman
31786	They are all seen sitting together and the man interviews the kids in a classroom .	who are they all seen and the kids in a classroom ?	man
31786	They are all seen sitting together and the man interviews the kids in a classroom .	where are they all seen sitting together and the man interviews the kids . ?	classroom
31787	Lawrence Welk is playing an accordion and directing his band .	what is lawrence welk playing and directing his band ?	accordion
31789	The band stands up to plan and the camera goes back and forth between the accordion players and the band .	what does the band stand up to plan and goes back and forth between the accordion players and the band ?	camera
31791	A man is seen speaking to the camera in front of a car and begins taking a hubcap off .	who is seen speaking to the camera in front of a car and begins taking a hubcap off ?	man
31792	He slides the pieces off of the tire .	what does he slide off of the tire ?	pieces
31793	Finally he puts the hubcap back in place .	what does finally he put back in place ?	hubcap
31799	A man is drinking from a coffee cup .	who is drinking from the coffee cup ?	man
31800	A woman is drinking from a coffee cup .	who is drinking from the coffee cup ?	woman
31803	A man is swimming backward in lake water .	who is swimming backward in lake water ?	man
31804	The two men shown begin water skiing .	how many men shown begin water skiing ?	two
31805	They lose their gopro device , and have to scuba to find it , taking more than two weeks to locate the still working device .	what do they lose ?	device
31806	A curtain is seen , and a belly dancer walks onto the stage .	what is seen , and the belly dancer walks onto the stage ?	curtain
31806	A curtain is seen , and a belly dancer walks onto the stage .	who is the curtain seen , and walks onto the stage ?	dancer
31808	When she finishes , she throws her arms into the air and the screen goes black .	what does , she throw her arms into the air and goes black ?	screen
31811	The car drives down a dark black road with photoshopped objects popping up on either side .	what drives down the dark black road with photoshopped objects popping up on either side ?	car
31811	The car drives down a dark black road with photoshopped objects popping up on either side .	what is the color of the road ?	black
31814	A group of people play paintball on a grassy field with inflatable obstacles .	what do the group of people play on a grassy field with inflatable obstacles ?	paintball
31817	The words `` 1/3 Lauf '' appear .	how many lauf do the words `` '' appear ?	1/3
31822	There are a few older gentlemen playing a game on ice .	who are there playing a game on ice ?	gentlemen
31826	A man is seen pulling shades off of a window and removing the bars around the sides .	who is seen pulling shades off of a window and removing the bars around the sides ?	man
31827	Another man assists him by putting newer bars into the window as well as cutting the boards so they fit .	who assists him by putting newer bars into the window as well as cutting the boards so they fit ?	man
31828	In the end the camera pans around the new roof showing off it 's great results .	what does in the end pan around the new roof showing off it 's great results ?	camera
31829	A person is assembling a bike on a white cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
31830	They put on a blue apron and gloves .	what is the color of the apron ?	blue
31831	They put handle bars on the bike .	what did they put handle on the bike ?	bars
31832	two men are riding a water bike in a sea while a big wave is behind them .	how many men are riding the water bike in a sea while a big wave is behind them ?	two
31834	A young man is seen sitting in front of a drum kit and begins playing the set of drums for the camera .	who is seen sitting in front of a drum kit and begins playing the set of drums for the camera ?	man
31842	There are many young kids just bouncing up and down on them enjoying the evening .	who are there just bouncing up and down on them enjoying the evening ?	kids
31844	A girl is sitting and smoking cigarettes .	who is sitting and smoking cigarettes ?	girl
31844	A girl is sitting and smoking cigarettes .	what is the girl sitting and smoking ?	cigarettes
31845	Johnny cash is playing in the background and she has a drink in her hand .	what is playing in the background and she has a drink in her hand ?	cash
31849	A woman stands on front a table with baby products , then the woman rolls up diapers and puts around a circular container with a ribbon .	who stands on front a table with baby products , then the woman rolls up diapers and puts around a circular container with a ribbon ?	woman
31849	A woman stands on front a table with baby products , then the woman rolls up diapers and puts around a circular container with a ribbon .	who does the woman stand on front a table with baby products , then rolls up diapers and puts around a circular container with a ribbon ?	woman
31849	A woman stands on front a table with baby products , then the woman rolls up diapers and puts around a circular container with a ribbon .	what does the woman stand on front a table with baby products , then the woman rolls up and puts around a circular container with a ribbon ?	diapers
31850	After , the woman puts diapers around a folded towel with a ribbon .	who does after , put diapers around a folded towel with a ribbon ?	woman
31850	After , the woman puts diapers around a folded towel with a ribbon .	what does after , the woman put around a folded towel with a ribbon ?	diapers
31851	Next , the woman fills the circular container with baby products and put on top the towel , a plush and a bottle .	next , who fills the circular container with baby products and put on top the towel , a plush and a bottle ?	woman
31851	Next , the woman fills the circular container with baby products and put on top the towel , a plush and a bottle .	what does next , the woman fill with baby products ?	container
31852	A boy picks up a bowling ball and runs down the lane .	who picks up the bowling ball and runs down the lane ?	boy
31852	A boy picks up a bowling ball and runs down the lane .	what does the boy pick up bowling ?	ball
31857	Two girls holding pom poms perform a dance routine in a gymnasium .	who are holding pom poms perform a dance routine in a gymnasium ?	girls
31857	Two girls holding pom poms perform a dance routine in a gymnasium .	two girls holding who perform a dance routine in a gymnasium ?	poms
31857	Two girls holding pom poms perform a dance routine in a gymnasium .	how many girls is holding pom poms perform a dance routine in a gymnasium ?	two
31859	The grab canes and continue spinning the canes while doing splits and various other dance moves .	what canes and continue spinning the canes while doing splits and various other dance moves ?	grab
31861	The lady stops and looks at the camera .	who stops and looks at the camera ?	lady
31862	The lady starts then stops mowing .	who then stops mowing ?	starts
31863	The lady tries to start the mower again .	who tries to start the mower again ?	lady
31864	Another lady comes to help and falls over .	who comes to help and falls over ?	lady
31865	The first lady finally gets the mowers started .	who finally gets the mowers started ?	lady
31866	the lady throws her arm in the air and mows the lawn .	who throws her arm in the air and mows the lawn ?	lady
31867	We see a lady washing a white towel in a sink .	who do we see washing a white towel in a sink ?	lady
31867	We see a lady washing a white towel in a sink .	what is the color of the towel ?	white
31868	The lady lifts the towel up .	who lifts the towel up ?	lady
31868	The lady lifts the towel up .	what does the lady lift up ?	towel
31869	The lady picks something up off the floor .	who picks something up off the floor ?	lady
31870	The lady wrings out the towel in the sink .	who wrings out the towel in the sink ?	lady
31870	The lady wrings out the towel in the sink .	where does the lady wring out the towel . ?	sink
31871	the lady then walks away .	who then walks away ?	lady
31872	We see a black screen with the intro .	what do we see with the intro ?	screen
31872	We see a black screen with the intro .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
31873	We see people in blue playing drums .	what is the color of the drums ?	blue
31874	A title screen appears and we see another team .	what appears and we see another team ?	screen
31875	Another title screen and a team with a man jumping a ribbon .	what is another title screen and a team with a man jumping ?	ribbon
31876	The title appears twice and we see a red team .	what is the color of the team ?	red
31877	The title screen returns and we see a team in purple .	what returns and we see a team in purple ?	screen
31882	He lassos a little calf .	what does he lasso ?	calf
31883	He dismounts , then ties the calf .	what does he tie ?	calf
31886	A man is seated at a piano , looking confused as he plays and an elderly woman watches .	who is seated at the piano , looking confused as he plays and an elderly woman watches ?	man
31886	A man is seated at a piano , looking confused as he plays and an elderly woman watches .	who is the man seated at a piano , and watches ?	woman
31891	A woman peels a potatoes in a rustic kitchen .	who peels the potatoes in a rustic kitchen ?	woman
31891	A woman peels a potatoes in a rustic kitchen .	where does the woman peel a potatoes . ?	kitchen
31892	Then , the woman takes another potatoes and peels it with a knife .	then , who takes another potatoes and peels it with a knife ?	woman
31893	After , the woman puts the potatoe on adish .	who does after , put the potatoe on adish ?	woman
31894	Two young man and a man play pool hitting white balls with a cue stick .	what is the color of the balls ?	white
31895	The young man hits balls that land in the pocket of the pool table .	who hits balls that land in the pocket of the pool table ?	man
31896	Then , the man puts the balls in a metal triangle and arrange others balls .	then , who puts the balls in a metal triangle and arrange others balls ?	man
31896	Then , the man puts the balls in a metal triangle and arrange others balls .	what does then , the man put in a metal triangle ?	balls
31896	Then , the man puts the balls in a metal triangle and arrange others balls .	what do then , the man arrange ?	balls
31897	After , the young man strikes the white ball but immidiately stop it with the cue sticks .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
31898	Next , the young man strikes the balls and sends a white ball to a pocket .	next , who strikes the balls and sends a white ball to a pocket ?	man
31898	Next , the young man strikes the balls and sends a white ball to a pocket .	what does next , the young man strike ?	balls
31898	Next , the young man strikes the balls and sends a white ball to a pocket .	what does next , the young man send to a pocket ?	ball
31898	Next , the young man strikes the balls and sends a white ball to a pocket .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
31899	The man strikes a white ball and send balls in the pocket .	who strikes the white ball and send balls in the pocket ?	man
31899	The man strikes a white ball and send balls in the pocket .	what does the man strike ?	ball
31899	The man strikes a white ball and send balls in the pocket .	what do the man send in the pocket ?	balls
31899	The man strikes a white ball and send balls in the pocket .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
31899	The man strikes a white ball and send balls in the pocket .	where do the man send balls . ?	pocket
31900	At the end , the young man puts the ball inside a metal triangle .	who does at the end , put the ball inside a metal triangle ?	man
31901	Three girls are standing together on a green floor talking with one another about a sport .	who are standing together on the green floor talking with one another about a sport ?	girls
31901	Three girls are standing together on a green floor talking with one another about a sport .	how many girls are standing together on the green floor talking with one another about a sport ?	three
31901	Three girls are standing together on a green floor talking with one another about a sport .	what is the color of the floor ?	green
31902	One person is then shown playing Field hockey and then comes back to talk about what she has just done .	how many person is then shown playing field hockey and then comes back to talk about what she has just done ?	one
31904	After , a screen appears with the question , `` What if the game is tied ?	what does after , appear with the question , `` what if the game is tied ?	screen
31905	`` and the young lady goes into detail for the answer .	who does `` and go into detail for the answer ?	lady
31907	People are paddling canoes in an indoor pool .	where are people paddling canoes . ?	pool
31908	A boy paddles a canoe .	who paddles the canoe ?	boy
31908	A boy paddles a canoe .	what does the boy paddle ?	canoe
31909	The boy leans to the side , and the canoe flips over .	who leans to the side , and the canoe flips over ?	boy
31909	The boy leans to the side , and the canoe flips over .	what does the boy lean to the side , and flips over ?	canoe
31910	The boy swims to the surface of the water .	who swims to the surface of the water ?	boy
31919	A woman is seen pushing a lawn mower along a yard and stopping to pull the string and get it going .	who is seen pushing the lawn mower along a yard and stopping to pull the string and get it going ?	woman
31920	The woman continues pushing the mower along the lawn and moving back to where she started .	who continues pushing the mower along the lawn and moving back to where she started ?	woman
31924	The man walks up and down , straight across the yard as he mows the lawn .	who walks up and down , straight across the yard as he mows the lawn ?	man
31925	The child watches calmly while resting on the man 's back .	who watches calmly while resting on the man 's back ?	child
31926	The man continues to mow the lawn with his black lawn mower .	who continues to mow the lawn with his black lawn mower ?	man
31926	The man continues to mow the lawn with his black lawn mower .	what is the color of the mower ?	black
31928	The kids continue to hold signs and look to the camera while more people ride around on horses .	who continue to hold signs and look to the camera while more people ride around on horses ?	kids
31929	More clips are shown of people riding horses and kids wearing helmets .	what are shown of people riding horses and kids wearing helmets ?	clips
31930	A man is sitting in the water holding a rope .	who is sitting in the water holding a rope ?	man
31933	Two lines of people stand over a long rope .	how many lines of people stand over a long rope ?	two
31934	Each line picks up the rope and starts playing tug rope while a large crowd watches .	what does each line pick up ?	rope
31935	The team wearing light blue shirts wins the round .	the team wearing what wins the round ?	shirts
31935	The team wearing light blue shirts wins the round .	what is the team wearing light blue shirts wins ?	round
31935	The team wearing light blue shirts wins the round .	what is the color of the shirts ?	blue
31936	A woman wearing a hat , glasses and a long sleeved hot pink top is standing in front of a brick wall and talking .	who is wearing a hat , glasses and a long sleeved hot pink top is standing in front of a brick wall and talking ?	woman
31937	The woman is now standing behind a table and is putting crumpled up papers into a running shoe and stuffing it as much as she can .	who is now standing behind the table and is putting crumpled up papers into a running shoe and stuffing it as much as she can ?	woman
31938	The woman then grabs a pink sole from the shoe and pours baking soda all over the top .	who then grabs the pink sole from the shoe and pours baking soda all over the top ?	woman
31938	The woman then grabs a pink sole from the shoe and pours baking soda all over the top .	what does the woman then grab from the shoe ?	sole
31939	The woman grabs another pair of shoes , the right shoe is unlaced and the left shoe is laced and she 's holding onto them then puts them down .	who grabs another pair of shoes , the right shoe is unlaced and the left shoe is laced and she 's holding onto them then puts them down ?	woman
31939	The woman grabs another pair of shoes , the right shoe is unlaced and the left shoe is laced and she 's holding onto them then puts them down .	what does the woman grab another pair of shoes , is unlaced and the left shoe is laced and she 's holding onto them then puts them down ?	shoe
31942	They get onto the yellow tubes and float along the water .	what is the color of the tubes ?	yellow
31943	A man is seen standing in front of a window speaking to the camera while wearing a headpiece .	who is seen standing in front of a window speaking to the camera while wearing a headpiece ?	man
31944	The man then brushes along the sides of the window and points back and fourth to the window while speaking to the camera .	who then brushes along the sides of the window and points back and fourth to the window while speaking to the camera ?	man
31945	A man is shown speaking to the camera then kneels down and presses carpet down with a tool .	who is shown speaking to the camera then kneels down and presses carpet down with a tool ?	man
31947	A woman talks and shows her long French braid .	who talks and shows her long french braid ?	woman
31948	Then , the woman lie on the bed and brush her hair on the border of the bed .	then , who lie on the bed and brush her hair on the border of the bed ?	woman
31949	Then , the woman takes a lock of front hair and braid taking hair from sides .	then , who takes the lock of front hair and braid taking hair from sides ?	woman
31950	Then , the woman shows the braid while continues talking .	who does then , show the braid while continues talking ?	woman
31951	There 's a diver participating in an event in a large stadium in lots of spectators .	who does there 's participating in an event in a large stadium in lots of spectators ?	diver
31954	He expresses pain as he gets off the pool and his coach comes to help him .	who does he express pain and comes to help him ?	coach
31958	The man rides into the pit and chases a calf with a rope .	who rides into the pit and chases a calf with a rope ?	man
31958	The man rides into the pit and chases a calf with a rope .	what does the man chase with a rope ?	calf
31959	The man ties up the calf after it 's caught and climbs back on the horse while another unties the calf .	who ties up the calf after it 's caught and climbs back on the horse while another unties the calf ?	man
31959	The man ties up the calf after it 's caught and climbs back on the horse while another unties the calf .	what does the man tie up ?	calf
31960	There are kids bouncing in trampolines .	who are there bouncing in trampolines ?	kids
31961	Several kids are jumping up and down .	who are jumping up and down ?	kids
31962	The camera is very shaky .	what is very shaky ?	camera
31966	A man in a blue shirt is walking in front of them .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
31967	An intro that 's a blue screen with white words that read `` MegaZip Sentosa dot Singapore dot November 2010 '' appear on the screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	blue
31967	An intro that 's a blue screen with white words that read `` MegaZip Sentosa dot Singapore dot November 2010 '' appear on the screen .	what is the color of the words ?	white
31968	Four people appear near a railing where they are all attached to harnesses .	how many people appear near the railing where they are all attached to harnesses ?	four
31970	The blue outro appears and the words `` Sentosa MegaZip November 2010 The End '' are displayed .	what is the color of the outro ?	blue
31971	A young male dressed in an red jumpsuit is on the stage break dancing .	what is the color of the jumpsuit ?	red
31973	The boy comes along and starts flipping and doing a variation of the robot .	who comes along and starts flipping and doing the variation of the robot ?	boy
31974	All of the men behind him then become his background dancers as the boy takes a microphone and begins singing .	who do all of the men behind him then become ?	dancers
31979	The woman hands the girl a glass of water and is shown again in various angles , ending with a woman washing clothes .	who hands the girl a glass of water and is shown again in various angles , ending with a woman washing clothes ?	woman
31980	A small child is seen standing on the sidewalk and looking off into the distance .	who is seen standing on the sidewalk and looking off into the distance ?	child
31981	The girl then throws the rock and begins playing a game of hopscotch .	who then throws the rock and begins playing a game of hopscotch ?	girl
31981	The girl then throws the rock and begins playing a game of hopscotch .	what does the girl then throw ?	rock
31983	A television announcer claps on her legs while singing introducing a show .	who claps on her legs while singing introducing a show ?	announcer
31986	The older members of the group hold up poles for the children dancing to swing from .	what do the older members of the group hold up for the children dancing to swing from ?	poles
31987	The hula hoop dancers get even more hoops for the finale .	who get even more hoops for the finale ?	dancers
31989	The announcer stands up and claps for the group .	who stands up and claps for the group ?	announcer
31990	A man sits with shears resting in hand in a rose garden .	who sits with shears resting in hand in a rose garden ?	man
31991	The man clips dead roses from a rose bush with shears .	what did the man clips dead roses from a rise with shears ?	bush
31992	The man clips whole branches near the base of the rose bushes .	who clips whole branches near the base of the rose bushes ?	man
31995	Several pictures are shown of a woman standing by herself as well as with friends .	what are shown of the woman standing by herself as well as with friends ?	pictures
31997	More pictures are shown of her finishing the race as well as others .	what are shown of her finishing the race as well as others ?	pictures
31999	The camera changes like a box spinning .	what changes like the box spinning ?	camera
32000	The man looks around then he is playing his saxophone .	who looks around then he is playing his saxophone ?	man
32002	The front of a large brown building with snow in front of it is shown .	what is the color of the building ?	brown
32003	In the inside , there is a ping pong table and two adult males begin walking towards each other .	how many adult males is in the inside , there a ping pong table and begin walking towards each other ?	two
32005	As the game progresses , more balls are added and they continue to play without missing one ball .	what are , added and they continue to play without missing one ball ?	balls
32010	A young boy is sitting up against the wall making a face as two people are standing in front of him .	who is sitting up against the wall making a face as two people are standing in front of him ?	boy
32010	A young boy is sitting up against the wall making a face as two people are standing in front of him .	how many people is the young boy sitting up against the wall making a face as are standing in front of him ?	two
32011	The girl on the left then takes a small tube of polish and begins to paints the boy 's nail with red glitter .	what is the color of the glitter ?	red
32012	When she is finished , the boy is shown and he begins to laugh about the situation .	who is , shown and he begins to laugh about the situation ?	boy
32013	A lighted jack-o-lantern comes into focus .	what comes into focus ?	jack-o-lantern
32014	The jack-o-lantern moves towards the camera .	what moves towards the camera ?	jack-o-lantern
32015	A young woman is talking very animatedly in front of a white wall .	who is talking very animatedly in front of a white wall ?	woman
32015	A young woman is talking very animatedly in front of a white wall .	what is the color of the wall ?	white
32016	The woman holds a small pumpkin in her hand while talking .	who holds the small pumpkin in her hand while talking ?	woman
32017	The woman holds up a piece of paper with some stickers on it .	who holds up the piece of paper with some stickers on it ?	woman
32018	The pumpkin is seen moving on it 's own on a table with a black tablecloth .	what is seen moving on it 's own on a table with a black tablecloth ?	pumpkin
32018	The pumpkin is seen moving on it 's own on a table with a black tablecloth .	what is the color of the tablecloth ?	black
32019	The pumpkin spins around showing some cartoon faces .	what spins around showing some cartoon faces ?	pumpkin
32021	The pumpkin is replaced with other objects one at a time , a knife , a spoon , a candle , etc. .	what is replaced with other objects one at a time , a knife , a spoon , a candle , etc. ?	pumpkin
32022	The woman is wearing a sticker of a mustache on her face and draws on the small pumpkin with a black felt pen .	who is wearing the sticker of a mustache on her face and draws on the small pumpkin with a black felt pen ?	woman
32022	The woman is wearing a sticker of a mustache on her face and draws on the small pumpkin with a black felt pen .	what is the color of the pen ?	black
32023	The woman holds a knife and begins carving the pumpkin along the lines she drew .	who holds the knife and begins carving the pumpkin along the lines she drew ?	woman
32023	The woman holds a knife and begins carving the pumpkin along the lines she drew .	what does the woman hold she drew ?	knife
32024	The woman scoops out the pumpkin seeds with a spoon and puts the seeds in a Halloween themed paper cup .	who scoops out the pumpkin seeds with a spoon and puts the seeds in a halloween themed paper cup ?	woman
32024	The woman scoops out the pumpkin seeds with a spoon and puts the seeds in a Halloween themed paper cup .	what does the woman put in a halloween themed paper cup ?	seeds
32024	The woman scoops out the pumpkin seeds with a spoon and puts the seeds in a Halloween themed paper cup .	where does the woman put the seeds . ?	cup
32025	The woman continues carving the face of the pumpkin to turn it into a jack-o-lantern .	who continues carving the face of the pumpkin to turn it into a jack-o-lantern ?	woman
32026	The woman cleans up the face of the jack-o-lantern with a towel and places the top with the stem back on .	who cleans up the face of the jack-o-lantern with a towel and places the top with the stem back on ?	woman
32027	The woman places the candle inside the jack-o-lantern .	who places the candle inside the jack-o-lantern ?	woman
32028	The woman flicks on a disposable lighter .	who flicks on the disposable lighter ?	woman
32029	The lighted jack-o-lantern is seen once again moving on it 's own on the black table .	what is seen once again moving on it 's own on the black table ?	jack-o-lantern
32029	The lighted jack-o-lantern is seen once again moving on it 's own on the black table .	what is the color of the table ?	black
32031	man is sitting in a handwash and another man enters in the bathrrom and start a conversation .	who is sitting in the handwash and another man enters in the bathrrom and start a conversation ?	man
32031	man is sitting in a handwash and another man enters in the bathrrom and start a conversation .	who is man sitting in a handwash and enters in the bathrrom and start a conversation ?	man
32032	man is spreading toothpaste in toothbrush and wash their tooth .	who is spreading toothpaste in toothbrush and wash their tooth ?	man
32032	man is spreading toothpaste in toothbrush and wash their tooth .	where is man spreading toothpaste . ?	toothbrush
32033	A man rakes leaves from the yard into a pile and dumps them in a metal trash bin .	who leaves from the yard into a pile and dumps them in a metal trash bin ?	rakes
32034	The man puts his tools away in the shed and carries away a bag of leaves .	who puts his tools away in the shed and carries away a bag of leaves ?	man
32034	The man puts his tools away in the shed and carries away a bag of leaves .	what does the man put away in the shed ?	tools
32034	The man puts his tools away in the shed and carries away a bag of leaves .	where does the man put his tools away . ?	shed
32036	A man , wearing only work out shorts , wipes sweat from his brown and leans against a wall .	what is the color of the sweat ?	brown
32037	A fit woman 's body in a white bikini exhibits as a woman and a man in work out clothes appear working out on elliptical machines .	what is the color of the bikini ?	white
32038	A group of female in a big studio are wearing black , they are in a formation , then the man in black vest and white pants walked at the center .	what is the color of the vest ?	black
32038	A group of female in a big studio are wearing black , they are in a formation , then the man in black vest and white pants walked at the center .	what is the color of the pants ?	white
32039	Several women are outside on a stage doing several exercises and working out as a group .	who are outside on the stage doing several exercises and working out as a group ?	women
32041	The instructors continue to dance and amp up the other teams to dance and they end by clapping it off together .	who continue to dance and amp up the other teams to dance and they end by clapping it off together ?	instructors
32043	A girl in a grey t-shirt demonstrates how to braid your hair and shows a step by step process .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	gray
32045	The hair stylist shows the finished product while dresses in a black top and sunglasses .	who shows the finished product while dresses in a black top and sunglasses ?	stylist
32045	The hair stylist shows the finished product while dresses in a black top and sunglasses .	what does the hair stylist show while dresses in a black top and sunglasses ?	product
32045	The hair stylist shows the finished product while dresses in a black top and sunglasses .	what is the color of the top ?	black
32046	A man is lying on his back on a tile floor .	who is lying on his back on a tile floor ?	man
32049	A man is sitting in a barber chair .	who is sitting in the barber chair ?	man
32049	A man is sitting in a barber chair .	where is the man sitting . ?	chair
32050	Another man starts shaving the sides of his head .	who starts shaving the sides of his head ?	man
32053	A camera pans all around a lake and trees an leads into people pulling a rope along .	what pans all around a lake and trees an leads into people pulling a rope along ?	camera
32054	A man ties the rope into place and shows several clips of people hanging on the rope as well as walking .	who ties the rope into place and shows several clips of people hanging on the rope as well as walking ?	man
32054	A man ties the rope into place and shows several clips of people hanging on the rope as well as walking .	what does the man tie into place ?	rope
32055	More clips are shown of people walking along the rope as well as more landscapes .	what are shown of people walking along the rope as well as more landscapes ?	clips
32056	A young man is talking to the camera outside while taking puffs off of a hookah .	who is talking to the camera outside while taking puffs off of a hookah ?	man
32057	He puts the pipe away and takes a swing out of an energy drink .	what does he put away ?	pipe
32058	He moves the camera to show another man and continues smoking the hookah next to the other man .	what does he move ?	camera
32060	A group of people are in a high school gym .	where are the group of people . ?	gym
32064	The men are twirling the girls around their hands .	who are the men twirling around their hands ?	girls
32065	The men are leading the girls in the dance .	who are the men leading in the dance ?	girls
32066	The girls are twirling around the boys .	who are twirling around the boys ?	girls
32069	The girls twirl scarfs around , then the boys pick them up to finish .	what scarfs around , then the boys pick them up to finish ?	twirl
32069	The girls twirl scarfs around , then the boys pick them up to finish .	who does the girls twirl scarf around , then pick them up to finish ?	boys
32072	The man and the two ladies laugh and cheer and he high fives one lady .	who do the man and the two ladies laugh and cheer and he high fives ?	lady
32072	The man and the two ladies laugh and cheer and he high fives one lady .	how many lady does he high fives ?	one
32073	The man makes hand signs .	who makes hand signs ?	man
32074	There is a young man dressed in a black shirt going round in circles to show his hair from the front and back .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
32078	He uses a black comb and scissors to point cut his hair .	what does he use ?	comb
32078	He uses a black comb and scissors to point cut his hair .	what is the color of the comb ?	black
32088	Two men are in the circle demonstrating a martial art .	how many men are in the circle demonstrating a martial art ?	two
32089	Several men in the circle play an instrument .	what do several men in the circle play ?	instrument
32090	A hair dresser is cutting a mans hair , starting at the top .	what is cutting the mans hair , starting at the top ?	dresser
32093	Finally using the comb to style it a bit and give it finishing touches .	finally using what to style it a bit and give it finishing touches ?	comb
32094	two guys appears in a backyard and are speaking to the camera .	who appears in the backyard and are speaking to the camera ?	guys
32094	two guys appears in a backyard and are speaking to the camera .	how many guys appears in the backyard and are speaking to the camera ?	two
32094	two guys appears in a backyard and are speaking to the camera .	where does two guys appear . ?	backyard
32095	guys are in a wood surface playing rock paper scissors and the loser is given a wooden hit in the nuts and fell to the floor .	who are in the wood surface playing rock paper scissors and the loser is given a wooden hit in the nuts and fell to the floor ?	guys
32095	guys are in a wood surface playing rock paper scissors and the loser is given a wooden hit in the nuts and fell to the floor .	who are guys in a wood surface playing rock paper scissors and is given a wooden hit in the nuts and fell to the floor ?	loser
32096	man is talking to camera and other guys are in the back adn then talking to the winner .	who is talking to camera and other guys are in the back adn then talking to the winner ?	man
32096	man is talking to camera and other guys are in the back adn then talking to the winner .	who is man talking to camera and are in the back adn then talking to the winner ?	guys
32097	they are playing round two o rock paper scissors and again the loser is fiven a wooden hit in the nuts and a man is talking to the camera .	what are they playing round two o rock and again the loser is fiven a wooden hit in the nuts and a man is talking to the camera ?	scissors
32097	they are playing round two o rock paper scissors and again the loser is fiven a wooden hit in the nuts and a man is talking to the camera .	how many o rock are they playing round paper scissors ?	two
32100	They run down a runway holding a pole and vault over a bar .	what do they run down holding a pole and vault over a bar ?	runway
32103	The young boy moves closer to the camera while still driving around and cutting the grass .	who moves closer to the camera while still driving around and cutting the grass ?	boy
32104	A small dog is playing with a pink frisbee .	what is playing with the pink frisbee ?	dog
32105	A man in a white shirt and red shorts lays down and puts his feet in the air .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
32105	A man in a white shirt and red shorts lays down and puts his feet in the air .	what is the color of the shorts ?	red
32106	The dog stands on top of the mans feet .	what stands on top of the mans feet ?	dog
32108	A woman stands by watching a chef removing leaves from a piece of lettuce .	who stands by watching the chef removing leaves from a piece of lettuce ?	woman
32109	The chef shows the woman how to cut some parts of the lettuce .	who shows the woman how to cut some parts of the lettuce ?	chef
32109	The chef shows the woman how to cut some parts of the lettuce .	who does the chef show ?	woman
32111	A man runs holding a pole with both hands .	who runs holding the pole with both hands ?	man
32113	The man falls on the mat .	who falls on the mat ?	man
32114	A couple of boys are riding skateboards .	what are the couple of boys riding ?	skateboards
32120	man is in street skating and showing pictures of the skates .	who is in street skating and showing pictures of the skates ?	man
32120	man is in street skating and showing pictures of the skates .	where is man skating and showing pictures of the skates . ?	street
32122	The woman walks around the parking lot .	who walks around the parking lot ?	woman
32123	The woman starts bouncing up and down while walking around .	who starts bouncing up and down while walking around ?	woman
32124	A man walks up and talks to the woman .	who walks up and talks to the woman ?	man
32125	The woman holds the man 's hands for balance while bouncing .	who holds the man 's hands for balance while bouncing ?	woman
32125	The woman holds the man 's hands for balance while bouncing .	who does the woman hold hands for balance while bouncing ?	man
32126	A man is opening his back door to let a little girl outside .	who is opening his back door to let a little girl outside ?	man
32126	A man is opening his back door to let a little girl outside .	what is the man opening ?	door
32127	The man is following the little girl .	who is following the little girl ?	man
32127	The man is following the little girl .	who is the man following ?	girl
32128	A little girl walks and points toward the camera .	who walks and points toward the camera ?	girl
32129	A dog enters the scene and the little girl jumps with happiness .	what enters the scene and the little girl jumps with happiness ?	dog
32130	The little girl walks around her slide .	who walks around her slide ?	girl
32131	The little girl starts to climb up the slide and the man helps her get to the top .	who starts to climb up the slide and the man helps her get to the top ?	girl
32131	The little girl starts to climb up the slide and the man helps her get to the top .	who does the little girl start and helps her get to the top ?	man
32132	The little girl begins to play with the wheel and gets on her knees .	who begins to play with the wheel and gets on her knees ?	girl
32133	The man helps the little girl go down the slide .	who helps the little girl go down the slide ?	man
32134	The little girl goes to the swing and the man helps her into it .	who goes to the swing and the man helps her into it ?	girl
32134	The little girl goes to the swing and the man helps her into it .	who does the little girl go to the swing and helps her into it ?	man
32135	The little girl points at the camera .	who points at the camera ?	girl
32136	The man pushes the little girl on the swing .	who pushes the little girl on the swing ?	man
32137	A man is seen holding a blow torch and begins using it while pulling his mask down .	who is seen holding the blow torch and begins using it while pulling his mask down ?	man
32138	The man continuously sparks with the machine on a piece of metal .	who continuously sparks with the machine on a piece of metal ?	man
32140	We see a dart board swinging gently .	what do we see swinging gently ?	board
32141	Two darts , one red , one green hit the board .	how many darts , one red , one green hit the board ?	two
32143	The screen fades to black and we see the end credits .	what fades to black and we see the end credits ?	screen
32143	The screen fades to black and we see the end credits .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
32144	A man is seen backing away from the camera while speaking and holding a hula hoop .	who is seen backing away from the camera while speaking and holding a hula hoop ?	man
32145	The man then swings the hula hoop all around himself while walking to the camera .	who then swings the hula hoop all around himself while walking to the camera ?	man
32145	The man then swings the hula hoop all around himself while walking to the camera .	what does the man then swing all around himself ?	hoop
32146	Another man walks into frame and hula hoops with the man while still looking at the camera .	who walks into frame and hula hoops with the man while still looking at the camera ?	man
32147	A man is seen sitting down and speaking to the camera while holding a hookah hose and another person is seen in frame .	who is seen sitting down and speaking to the camera while holding a hookah hose and another person is seen in frame ?	man
32147	A man is seen sitting down and speaking to the camera while holding a hookah hose and another person is seen in frame .	where is the man seen sitting down and speaking to the camera while holding a hookah hose and another person is seen . ?	frame
32148	The man takes a puff from the pipe while speaking to the camera and hands it to the other man who also takes a hit .	who takes the puff from the pipe while speaking to the camera and hands it to the other man who also takes a hit ?	man
32149	He blows the smoke out and the first man is still seen speaking to the camera .	who does he blow the smoke out and is still seen speaking to the camera ?	man
32151	A guy explains that he will clean the spikes while showing the dirt on the spikes .	who explains that he will clean the spikes while showing the dirt on the spikes ?	guy
32155	A little boy is getting on the swinging closing his little safety guard .	who is getting on the swinging closing his little safety guard ?	boy
32159	A close up a chair is shown while the camera pans out backwards and text moves across the screen .	what is the close up shown while the camera pans out backwards and text moves across the screen ?	chair
32160	The camera follows closely into the chair and leads into a woman sitting comfortable on the chair .	what follows closely into the chair and leads into a woman sitting comfortable on the chair ?	camera
32161	The woman adjusts the seat and leads into several more close ups of the chair being shown .	who adjusts the seat and leads into several more close ups of the chair being shown ?	woman
32163	We see a speedboat speeding through a lake and a man jet skiing behind it .	what do we see speeding through a lake and a man jet skiing behind it ?	speedboat
32164	The screen flashes black and we see more jet skiing .	what flashes black and we see more jet skiing ?	screen
32164	The screen flashes black and we see more jet skiing .	what does the screen flash black and we see ?	skiing
32165	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
32166	A young man named Sean wearing a beanie hat and black earring studs .	who named sean wearing a beanie hat and black earring studs ?	man
32166	A young man named Sean wearing a beanie hat and black earring studs .	what is the color of the studs ?	black
32174	Two people are seen fixing up a car and changing the tires on a vehicle .	how many people are seen fixing up the car and changing the tires on a vehicle ?	two
32175	Another man walks into frame as well as several others recording the incident .	who walks into frame as well as several others recording the incident ?	man
32177	A teen spins holding a disc in his right hand , then the girl throws the disc while competing in a stadium .	who spins holding the disc in his right hand , then the girl throws the disc while competing in a stadium ?	teen
32177	A teen spins holding a disc in his right hand , then the girl throws the disc while competing in a stadium .	who does the teen spin , then throws the disc while competing in a stadium ?	girl
32177	A teen spins holding a disc in his right hand , then the girl throws the disc while competing in a stadium .	what does the teen spin , then the girl throws while competing in a stadium ?	disc
32178	Then , another young woman spins around an throws a disc .	who does then , spin around an throws a disc ?	woman
32180	A man in the track raise a white flag on his right arm .	what is the color of the flag ?	white
32182	A man holds a white and a red flags .	who holds the white and a red flags ?	man
32182	A man holds a white and a red flags .	what is the color of the man ?	white
32182	A man holds a white and a red flags .	what is the color of the flags ?	red
32183	The gymnast runs in the track until a white line , and jumps to perform the long jump .	who runs in the track until a white line , and jumps to perform the long jump ?	gymnast
32183	The gymnast runs in the track until a white line , and jumps to perform the long jump .	what is the color of the line ?	white
32186	A man in a vest is sitting in a boat .	where is the man sitting in a boat . ?	vest
32187	Then the man is in the water , holding a stick and a line attached to the boat .	who is then in the water , holding a stick and a line attached to the boat ?	man
32188	The boat begins to pull him in the water as he begins water skiing .	what begins to pull him in the water as he begins water skiing ?	boat
32190	girls are sitting in a rom and boys are standing behind them boys starts comb the hair .	where are girls sitting and boys are standing behind them boys starts comb the hair . ?	rom
32191	woman wearing blue sweater crawl on all fours .	who is wearing blue sweater crawl on all fours ?	woman
32191	woman wearing blue sweater crawl on all fours .	what is the color of the crawl ?	blue
32192	boys keep combing the hair and putting some hair rolls on the girls .	who keep combing the hair and putting some hair rolls on the girls ?	boys
32194	A man is seated on a stage .	who is seated on the stage ?	man
32198	A man in a funny blue vest is shown as the next player to take a shot .	what is the color of the vest ?	blue
32198	A man in a funny blue vest is shown as the next player to take a shot .	where is the man shown as the next player to take a shot . ?	vest
32200	He shoots and hits the blue ball in the corner right pocket .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
32200	He shoots and hits the blue ball in the corner right pocket .	where does he shoot and hits the blue ball . ?	pocket
32202	The women then mix the ingredients into a pot after the noodles are cooked and then mix everything together in a bowl .	who then mix the ingredients into a pot after the noodles are cooked and then mix everything together in a bowl ?	women
32202	The women then mix the ingredients into a pot after the noodles are cooked and then mix everything together in a bowl .	what do the women then mix into a pot ?	ingredients
32202	The women then mix the ingredients into a pot after the noodles are cooked and then mix everything together in a bowl .	where do the women then mix everything together . ?	bowl
32203	Finally the dish is shown on a plate in the end and the women eat the food .	what is finally shown on the plate in the end and the women eat the food ?	dish
32203	Finally the dish is shown on a plate in the end and the women eat the food .	who is finally the dish shown on a plate in the end and eat the food ?	women
32204	black dog is walking in a treadmill in a white room .	what is walking in the treadmill in a white room ?	dog
32204	black dog is walking in a treadmill in a white room .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
32204	black dog is walking in a treadmill in a white room .	what is the color of the room ?	white
32205	dog is running in the treadmill that is next to a drawer .	what is running in the treadmill that is next to a drawer ?	dog
32206	dog is wearing a red necklace and is doing exercise .	what is wearing the red necklace and is doing exercise ?	dog
32206	dog is wearing a red necklace and is doing exercise .	what is dog wearing ?	necklace
32206	dog is wearing a red necklace and is doing exercise .	what is the color of the necklace ?	red
32207	A girl is walking on a diving board .	who is walking on the diving board ?	girl
32209	The girl jumps off the diving board into the swimming pool .	who jumps off the diving board into the swimming pool ?	girl
32211	A young man is seen putting a piece of wood onto a bark and holds up an axe .	who is seen putting the piece of wood onto a bark and holds up an axe ?	man
32211	A young man is seen putting a piece of wood onto a bark and holds up an axe .	what does the young man hold up ?	axe
32213	A woman sits on the floor next a vacuum .	who sits on the floor next a vacuum ?	woman
32214	The woman vacuums dirt on a hard floor .	who vacuums dirt on a hard floor ?	woman
32215	Then , the woman cleans waste on a carpet .	who does then , clean waste on a carpet ?	woman
32216	After , the woman vacuums over a pillow using a smaller nozzle .	who does after , vacuum over the pillow using a smaller nozzle ?	woman
32217	Next , then woman put a new nozzle to clean narrow surfaces .	who did next , put the new nozzle to clean narrow surfaces ?	woman
32217	Next , then woman put a new nozzle to clean narrow surfaces .	what did next , then woman put ?	nozzle
32218	Also the woman measures the pressure of suction and shows the inside of the vacuum .	also who measures the pressure of suction and shows the inside of the vacuum ?	woman
32219	We see two girls representing China standing on diving boards above an Olympic size pool and dive in unison and we see their scores .	who do we see representing china standing on diving boards above an olympic size pool and dive in unison and we see their scores ?	girls
32219	We see two girls representing China standing on diving boards above an Olympic size pool and dive in unison and we see their scores .	how many girls do we see representing china standing on diving boards above an olympic size pool and dive in unison ?	two
32220	We then see two girls representing the USA dive in unison and see their scores .	who do we then see ?	girls
32220	We then see two girls representing the USA dive in unison and see their scores .	how many girls do we then see representing the usa dive in unison ?	two
32221	Next are two girls representing Italy diving and scores are shown .	who are next representing italy diving and scores are shown ?	girls
32221	Next are two girls representing Italy diving and scores are shown .	how many girls are next representing italy diving ?	two
32223	A woman wearing an apron is talking and picks up a bucket with supplies in it .	who is wearing an apron is talking and picks up a bucket with supplies in it ?	woman
32223	A woman wearing an apron is talking and picks up a bucket with supplies in it .	the woman wearing what is talking and picks up a bucket with supplies in it ?	apron
32224	She grabs a brush and cleans a window .	what does she clean ?	window
32225	She grabs a squeegee and removes the excess water from the window .	what does she grab ?	squeegee
32227	A person in a green jacket is snowboarding while holding a camera in front of them .	what is the color of the jacket ?	green
32229	A female news woman is talking to the camera in a news room .	who is talking to the camera in a news room ?	woman
32230	Another woman shows off a series of cleaning supplies .	who shows off the series of cleaning supplies ?	woman
32233	A man is seen standing outside holding a rope and tying it around a tree bark .	who is seen standing outside holding the rope and tying it around a tree bark ?	man
32235	A person explains how to play squash holding a racket and a blue ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	blue
32237	A bike is seen outside a building .	what is seen outside the building ?	bicycle
32241	A camera is seen panning around a large lake followed by a person riding by on skis behind a jet ski .	what is seen panning around the large lake followed by a person riding by on skis behind a jet ski ?	camera
32242	Two people are seen riding behind the jet ski and continuing to move along the water .	how many people are seen riding behind the jet ski and continuing to move along the water ?	two
32243	The goalkeeper is standing in front of the net , the crowds are cheering .	who is standing in front of the net , the crowds are cheering ?	goalkeeper
32247	Two men are outside talking to one another and they begin doing arm stretches .	how many men are outside talking to one another ?	two
32253	We see a titles screen .	what do we see ?	screen
32254	The lady files and puts on a clear coat .	who files and puts on the clear coat ?	lady
32255	The lady paints her finger nails blue .	who paints her finger nails blue ?	lady
32256	The lady adds a top coat of clear polish .	who adds the top coat of clear polish ?	lady
32257	The lady puts oil on her cuticles and we see the finished product .	who puts oil on her cuticles and we see the finished product ?	lady
32257	The lady puts oil on her cuticles and we see the finished product .	what does the lady put oil on her cuticles and we see ?	product
32258	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
32259	This woman is shown playing the black harmonica .	who is shown playing the black harmonica ?	woman
32259	This woman is shown playing the black harmonica .	what is the color of the harmonica ?	black
32261	People fly kites from a rooftop holding kite string pools .	what do people fly from a rooftop holding kite string pools ?	kites
32262	Several kites fly in the sky .	what fly in the sky ?	kites
32263	A man holds a kite string pool while flying a kite .	who holds the kite string pool while flying a kite ?	man
32263	A man holds a kite string pool while flying a kite .	what does the man hold while flying a kite ?	pool
32264	A man is shown holding up a piece of metal and places it along a wall .	who is shown holding up the piece of metal and places it along a wall ?	man
32266	Two teams play a game of indoor soccer .	how many teams play the game of indoor soccer ?	two
32267	Players from the white team dribble and pass the ball all the way down field and make a goal .	what is the color of the team ?	white
32268	Players from the blue team dribble and pass all the way down field and make a goal .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
32269	A member of the blue team battles two defenders near goal and makes a point .	how many defenders does the member of the blue team battle near goal ?	two
32269	A member of the blue team battles two defenders near goal and makes a point .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
32271	Two women are smoking a hookah while seated on a couch .	who are smoking the hookah while seated on a couch ?	women
32271	Two women are smoking a hookah while seated on a couch .	how many women are smoking the hookah while seated on a couch ?	two
32275	The man motions he had across the yard .	who motions he had across the yard ?	man
32276	The man then mows his lawn with his mower .	who then mows his lawn with his mower ?	man
32277	The man stops and shows the electrical cord on his mower .	who stops and shows the electrical cord on his mower ?	man
32280	The people are playing polo on the horses .	who are the people playing on the horses ?	polo
32281	We see a man talking to the camera .	who do we see talking to the camera ?	man
32283	The man is talking to the camera again .	who is talking to the camera again ?	man
32285	A man holds liquor in front of a horses mouth , We see the newscaster again .	who holds liquor in front of a horses mouth , we see the newscaster again ?	man
32285	A man holds liquor in front of a horses mouth , We see the newscaster again .	what does the man hold in front of a horses mouth , we see the newscaster again ?	liquor
32286	A woman is standing in a gated yard beside a girl on a horse .	who is standing in the gated yard beside a girl on a horse ?	woman
32289	A shirtless man scrapes roofing gravel using a shovel .	who scrapes roofing gravel using a shovel ?	man
32289	A shirtless man scrapes roofing gravel using a shovel .	what does the shirtless man scrap using a shovel ?	gravel
32289	A shirtless man scrapes roofing gravel using a shovel .	the shirtless man scrapes roofing gravel using what ?	shovel
32290	The man stops and leans on the shovel for a moment to look at the amount of work that is ahead of him .	who stops and leans on the shovel for a moment to look at the amount of work that is ahead of him ?	man
32291	The man continues to scrape the gravel roof and turns with his back towards the camera .	who continues to scrape the gravel roof and turns with his back towards the camera ?	man
32292	A baby is swimming in a pool on its back .	who is swimming in the pool on its back ?	baby
32293	The baby is kicking its feet in the water .	who is kicking its feet in the water ?	baby
32298	In one instance , the boat begins to tip to the side and the people jump in joy that it did n't tip over as the horrid weather continues .	what does in one instance , begin to tip to the side and the people jump in joy that it did n't tip over as the horrid weather continues ?	boat
32299	A group of runners are on a street , and a boston marathoner who has broken a record is shown talking in an interview after celebrating .	who are the group of runners on a street , and is shown talking in an interview after celebrating ?	marathoner
32300	News casters are shown talking about the man and others as they reach the end of the marathon .	who are shown talking about the man and others as they reach the end of the marathon ?	casters
32301	The runners are shown as a group , as men dressed as british solders enact a play for the crowds .	who are shown as the group , as men dressed as british solders enact a play for the crowds ?	runners
32303	A man in orange stop is skateboarding in the dark street and fell on the ground .	what is the color of the stop ?	orange
32303	A man in orange stop is skateboarding in the dark street and fell on the ground .	where is the man in orange stop skateboarding . ?	street
32304	A man in black shirt skateboard down the wide road and fell on the side of the road , the man showed his bleeding cuts in front of the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
32305	A the skateboarders are falling off their skateboards .	who are falling off their skateboards ?	skateboarders
32305	A the skateboarders are falling off their skateboards .	what are the the skateboarders falling off ?	skateboards
32306	A man is talking in front of a net in a yard .	who is talking in front of a net in a yard ?	man
32307	Two boys are seen hitting a ball into the net .	who are seen hitting the ball into the net ?	boys
32307	Two boys are seen hitting a ball into the net .	how many boys are seen hitting the ball into the net ?	two
32311	A man wearing blue is interviewed in the same setting , with occasional cheerleader-related clips interspersed .	who is interviewed in the same setting , with occasional cheerleader-related clips interspersed ?	blue
32312	Another man is interviewed in the same setting , with occasional cheerleader-related clips interspersed .	who is interviewed in the same setting , with occasional cheerleader-related clips interspersed ?	man
32313	The camera returns to the man in blue being interviewed , with short cheerleader action sequences .	what returns to the man in blue being interviewed , with short cheerleader action sequences ?	camera
32314	The camera returns to the first individual interviewed , with short cheerleader action sequences .	what returns to the first individual interviewed , with short cheerleader action sequences ?	camera
32315	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into several shots of people speaking and wearing heels .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into several shots of people speaking and wearing heels ?	man
32316	The women walk on the ground down a street while many watch and then all run down the road in heels .	who walk on the ground down a street while many watch and then all run down the road in heels ?	women
32317	A girl is standing in her bathroom making giggly faces while holding a cup .	who is standing in her bathroom making giggly faces while holding a cup ?	girl
32317	A girl is standing in her bathroom making giggly faces while holding a cup .	where is the girl standing making giggly faces while holding a cup . ?	bathroom
32320	A man plays catch with a dog in a dirt field while throwing a Frisbee .	who plays catch with the dog in a dirt field while throwing a frisbee ?	man
32321	The man holds out the Frisbee in his hand to the dog .	who holds out the frisbee in his hand to the dog ?	man
32322	A woman plays catch with the dog throwing a Frisbee in a grassy park .	who plays catch with the dog throwing a frisbee in a grassy park ?	woman
32323	The camera man opens a door and watches a woman leaving forward in a tub .	who opens the door and watches a woman leaving forward in a tub ?	man
32323	The camera man opens a door and watches a woman leaving forward in a tub .	what does the camera man open ?	door
32323	The camera man opens a door and watches a woman leaving forward in a tub .	who does the camera man watch leaving forward in a tub ?	woman
32324	The woman talks to the camera man while washing several clothes in a tub filled with water .	who talks to the camera man while washing several clothes in a tub filled with water ?	woman
32325	The woman learns down exhausted and turns back to the camera man quickly then back to the tub .	who learns down exhausted and turns back to the camera man quickly then back to the tub ?	woman
32327	A woman is high fiving the people as well other runners .	who is high fiving the people as well other runners ?	woman
32331	The princess then hands a box to one of the players and stands near several others holding a trophy .	who then hands the box to one of the players and stands near several others holding a trophy ?	princess
32331	The princess then hands a box to one of the players and stands near several others holding a trophy .	what does the princess then hand to one of the players and stands near several others holding a trophy ?	box
32332	A woman is showing her finger nails to the camera .	who is showing her finger nails to the camera ?	woman
32333	A woman in a black shirt is sitting in a room talking to a camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
32343	A woman uses a NordicTrack exercise machine .	who uses the nordictrack exercise machine ?	woman
32343	A woman uses a NordicTrack exercise machine .	what does the woman use exercise ?	machine
32344	The exercise machine is shown by itself .	what is exercise shown by itself ?	machine
32345	The woman uses the machine again .	who uses the machine again ?	woman
32345	The woman uses the machine again .	what does the woman use again ?	machine
32346	The machine 's digital display controls are shown .	what digital display controls are shown ?	machine
32348	The woman exercises on the machine again .	who exercises on the machine again ?	woman
32349	Four people prepare to skateboard down a slope .	how many people prepare to skateboard down the slope ?	four
32350	The four individuals skateboard down the slope together or alone as spectators watch .	how many individuals skateboard down the slope together or alone as spectators watch ?	four
32351	The camera pans over background scenery .	what pans over background scenery ?	camera
32353	The four individuals engage in more skateboarding down the slope .	how many individuals engage in more skateboarding down the slope ?	four
32355	Two children twirl on a tire swing .	who twirl on the tire swing ?	children
32355	Two children twirl on a tire swing .	how many children twirl on the tire swing ?	two
32356	Another child is swinging in another swing set .	who is swinging in another swing set ?	child
32357	A very small child runs through the play area .	who runs through the play area ?	child
32358	A kid is sitting on the bed and waves to the camera .	who is sitting on the bed and waves to the camera ?	kid
32360	He is putting red contacts in his eyes .	what is the color of the contacts ?	red
32363	Several clips are shown of various girls performing gymnastics tricks on a large mat .	what are shown of various girls performing gymnastics tricks on a large mat ?	clips
32364	The girls continue jumping and flipping around the area while the camera continues to capture their movements .	who continue jumping and flipping around the area while the camera continues to capture their movements ?	girls
32365	A black and white image of a man is shown and then the man appears in a field throwing a discus .	who is the black and white image of a man shown and then appears in a field throwing a discus ?	man
32367	The participants shake each other hands and they both end up walking off .	who shake each other hands and they both end up walking off ?	participants
32368	man is standing in a room holding a bow and talking to another man .	who is standing in the room holding a bow and talking to another man ?	man
32368	man is standing in a room holding a bow and talking to another man .	where is man standing holding a bow and talking to another man . ?	room
32369	manis practicing shots with a bow to a board in a large field .	what are practicing shots with a bow to a board in a large field ?	manis
32370	A man in black jacket holds a friend in both arms .	what is the color of the jacket ?	black
32371	The friend wearing a rope puts out her arms in preparation .	who is wearing a rope puts out her arms in preparation ?	friend
32371	The friend wearing a rope puts out her arms in preparation .	the friend wearing what puts out her arms in preparation ?	rope
32372	The friend is thrown from the building wearing a bungee cord and swings in a wide arc over the ground below then back and forth .	who is thrown from the building wearing a bungee cord and swings in a wide arc over the ground below then back and forth ?	friend
32373	A woman in black jacket sits on a ramp and is pushed down by friends .	what is the color of the jacket ?	black
32374	The woman falls off the building and swings from a rope above the ground below .	who falls off the building and swings from a rope above the ground below ?	woman
32375	A man wipes the bottom of a ski .	who wipes the bottom of a ski ?	man
32378	A point of view of a person shows himself sitting in a sled holding hands of two children in sleds .	where does the point of view of a person show himself sitting holding hands of two children in sleds . ?	sled
32380	A man is standing in a weight room with multiple screens on and computers on it .	who is standing in the weight room with multiple screens on and computers on it ?	man
32380	A man is standing in a weight room with multiple screens on and computers on it .	where is the man standing . ?	room
32383	A bird is sitting on a bar over a bath tub .	what is sitting on the bar over a bath tub ?	bird
32384	A dog is in the bathtub getting a shower .	what is in the bathtub getting a shower ?	dog
32385	A person is rubbing soap into the dogs fur .	what is the person rubbing into the dogs fur ?	soap
32386	The dog shakes itself off .	what shakes itself off ?	dog
32388	Pole vaulters are shown in a competition .	who are shown in the competition ?	vaulters
32390	Two men are in an alley .	how many men are in an alley ?	two
32390	Two men are in an alley .	where are two men . ?	alley
32393	There are also several buildings .	what are there also ?	buildings
32394	A man rides a bicycle behind three men who are running in a professional race on a paved freeway lined with onlookers , spectators and participants .	who rides the bicycle behind three men who are running in a professional race on a paved freeway lined with onlookers , spectators and participants ?	man
32394	A man rides a bicycle behind three men who are running in a professional race on a paved freeway lined with onlookers , spectators and participants .	what does the man rid behind three men who are running in a professional race on a paved freeway lined with onlookers , spectators and participants ?	bicycle
32395	A man is riding a bicycle down a freeway wearing a helmet and sporting a paper tag on the front of the bicycle .	who is riding the bicycle down a freeway wearing a helmet and sporting a paper tag on the front of the bicycle ?	man
32395	A man is riding a bicycle down a freeway wearing a helmet and sporting a paper tag on the front of the bicycle .	what is the man riding ?	bicycle
32396	The men turn a bend while jogging and an onlooker starts clapping for them from behind .	what do the men turn ?	bend
32397	Groups of people bowl games in a bowling alley .	where do groups of people bowl games . ?	alley
32399	Spectators sit and stand behind the railing watching the event .	who sit and stand behind the railing watching the event ?	spectators
32402	Three men are seen speaking and waving to the camera that leads into the men playing games with strangers on the street .	how many men are seen speaking and waving to the camera that leads into the men playing games with strangers on the street ?	three
32403	The winner gets to kiss the man and the loser gets to slap him .	who gets to kiss the man and the loser gets to slap him ?	winner
32403	The winner gets to kiss the man and the loser gets to slap him .	who does the winner get and gets to slap him ?	loser
32408	As a red cut scene passes a young man in a blue shirt is seen concentrating .	what is the color of the scene ?	red
32408	As a red cut scene passes a young man in a blue shirt is seen concentrating .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
32409	Afterwards another man is seen on a curling rink releasing a rock stone as two other men use brooms to clear the way as the stone travels down the path .	who is afterwards seen on the curling rink releasing a rock stone as two other men use brooms to clear the way as the stone travels down the path ?	man
32411	Afterwards another young man in a blue shirt repeats the same move as the white team looks on .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
32411	Afterwards another young man in a blue shirt repeats the same move as the white team looks on .	what is the color of the team ?	white
32412	Finally as spectators look on , a member of the white team releases a rock stone and two men from the team use brooms to clear the path .	what is the color of the team ?	white
32413	A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a guitar in his hands .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a guitar in his hands ?	man
32414	The man begins playing the guitar and singing into a microphone .	who begins playing the guitar and singing into a microphone ?	man
32415	The man continues singing and playing and stops in the end .	who continues singing and playing and stops in the end ?	man
32416	A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as several shots of a bowling alley and him bowling a ball .	who is seen speaking to the camera as well as several shots of a bowling alley and him bowling a ball ?	man
32416	A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as several shots of a bowling alley and him bowling a ball .	what is the man seen and him bowling ?	ball
32418	A man is sitting in a barber chair .	who is sitting in the barber chair ?	man
32418	A man is sitting in a barber chair .	where is the man sitting . ?	chair
32419	Another man is giving him a hair cut .	who is giving him a hair cut ?	man
32420	He then brushes off the mans neck .	who did he then brush off neck ?	mans
32421	A man demonstrates how to change the tire on a car .	who demonstrates how to change the tire on a car ?	man
32422	A car drives through a street and then shows as being parked at which a man approaches the car holding a lug nut removal tool .	what drives through the street and then shows as being parked at which a man approaches the car holding a lug nut removal tool ?	car
32423	The man removes the lug nuts and then jacks the car up .	who removes the lug nuts and then jacks the car up ?	man
32423	The man removes the lug nuts and then jacks the car up .	what does the man remove ?	nuts
32423	The man removes the lug nuts and then jacks the car up .	the man then jacks what up ?	car
32424	The man then removes the tire and pulls a spare tire off of the back of the car .	who then removes the tire and pulls a spare tire off of the back of the car ?	man
32424	The man then removes the tire and pulls a spare tire off of the back of the car .	what does the man then remove ?	tire
32424	The man then removes the tire and pulls a spare tire off of the back of the car .	what does the man then pull off of the back of the car ?	tire
32425	The man then puts the new tire on the car .	who then puts the new tire on the car ?	man
32426	A girl swings on monkey bars on an outdoor playground .	who swings on monkey bars on an outdoor playground ?	girl
32427	The girl misses a monkey bar and then looses her grip and falls to the ground .	who misses the monkey bar and then looses her grip and falls to the ground ?	girl
32427	The girl misses a monkey bar and then looses her grip and falls to the ground .	what does the girl miss ?	bar
32428	A lady explains drinks and the mixing of them , she grabs a cup with ice and add some liquor to it by using a shot glass to get the right measurement .	who explains drinks and the mixing of them , she grabs a cup with ice and add some liquor to it by using a shot glass to get the right measurement ?	lady
32429	the lady then mix another type of liquor to the first type she poured in the glass .	who then mix another type of liquor to the first type she poured in the glass ?	lady
32431	A woman claps her hands together .	who claps her hands together ?	woman
32435	A man dressed in a black wife-beater is near a fluorescent wall glass and is talking .	who dressed in a black wife-beater is near a fluorescent wall glass and is talking ?	man
32435	A man dressed in a black wife-beater is near a fluorescent wall glass and is talking .	what is the color of the wife-beater ?	black
32436	As he is talking , several clips appear in between him where he is in a room with three walls and glass as the fourth wall while playing wall ball .	what do , appear in between him where he is in a room with three walls and glass as the fourth wall while playing wall ball ?	clips
32438	A young man is seen standing in the middle of a large field holding instruments and standing in front of others .	who is seen standing in the middle of a large field holding instruments and standing in front of others ?	man
32439	The man then begins playing the instruments one by one .	who then begins playing the instruments one by one ?	man
32440	Several kids then walk into frame using hula hoops while the man joins in still singing and clapping his hands .	who then walk into frame using hula hoops while the man joins in still singing and clapping his hands ?	kids
32441	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
32442	We see a ladies hands with nail polish on them .	who do we see with nail polish on them ?	hands
32443	The lady puts tape on her finger around her nail and puts clear and white polish on them .	who puts tape on her finger around her nail and puts clear and white polish on them ?	lady
32443	The lady puts tape on her finger around her nail and puts clear and white polish on them .	what does the lady put on her finger around her nail ?	tape
32444	The lady adds drops of nail polish to a glass of fluid and pulls it through .	who adds drops of nail polish to a glass of fluid and pulls it through ?	lady
32445	The lady puts her nail in the cup and uses a stick to remove the polish .	who puts her nail in the cup and uses a stick to remove the polish ?	lady
32445	The lady puts her nail in the cup and uses a stick to remove the polish .	what does the lady use ?	stick
32445	The lady puts her nail in the cup and uses a stick to remove the polish .	where does the lady put her nail . ?	cup
32446	The lady pulls the tape of then puts a clear coat over her fingernails .	who pulls the tape of then puts a clear coat over her fingernails ?	lady
32447	We then see the ending title screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
32450	A girl stands and talks in a public restroom .	who stands and talks in the public restroom ?	girl
32450	A girl stands and talks in a public restroom .	where does the girl stand and talks . ?	restroom
32451	The girl goes into a stall and closes the door .	who goes into the stall and closes the door ?	girl
32451	The girl goes into a stall and closes the door .	what does the girl close ?	door
32455	The girl throws away the papertowel .	who throws away the papertowel ?	girl
32456	A man taps the top of a piano with a stick and talks to a large band sitting in front of him .	who taps the top of a piano with a stick and talks to a large band sitting in front of him ?	man
32459	The man throws the stick behind the band .	who throws the stick behind the band ?	man
32460	The man plays standing for a moment and then bows .	who plays standing for a moment and then bows ?	man
32462	Two people start fighting in the circle .	how many people start fighting in the circle ?	two
32465	The camera does a closeup on each member .	what does the closeup on each member ?	camera
32468	This man is on his hands and knees on the floor .	who is on his hands and knees on the floor ?	man
32473	A woman is doing a gymnastics routine on uneven bars .	who is doing the gymnastics routine on uneven bars ?	woman
32474	A woman does flips on the bar .	who does flips on the bar ?	woman
32476	A woman is standing in a room talking .	who is standing in the room talking ?	woman
32477	She picks up a red brush and begins brushing her hair .	what is the color of the brush ?	red
32479	A man is sitting on an exercise machine .	who is sitting on an exercise machine ?	man
32480	He pulls a bar in front of him and starts working out .	what does he pull in front of him ?	bar
32481	He drops the bar and finishes .	what does he drop ?	bar
32482	A young girl is seen standing behind a table squeezing limes while another washes dishes in the background .	who is seen standing behind the table squeezing limes while another washes dishes in the background ?	girl
32483	The girl continues juicing the fruit and walks towards the camera then back again .	who continues juicing the fruit and walks towards the camera then back again ?	girl
32485	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into several people holding and shooting bows .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into several people holding and shooting bows ?	man
32486	The instructors assists the students while speaking to the camera and shows several shots of the person shooting the arrows .	who assists the students while speaking to the camera and shows several shots of the person shooting the arrows ?	instructors
32486	The instructors assists the students while speaking to the camera and shows several shots of the person shooting the arrows .	who does the instructors assist while speaking to the camera ?	students
32488	Multiple pictures flash across the screen .	what flash across the screen ?	pictures
32491	man is standing in an icetrack talking to the camera .	who is standing in an icetrack talking to the camera ?	man
32493	Several clips are shown of people playing soccer in front of a large stadium .	what are shown of people playing soccer in front of a large stadium ?	clips
32494	The people kick a ball all around the area as well as throw their hands up .	what do the people kick all around the area ?	ball
32496	A man is seen sitting behind a desk working on a computer .	who is seen sitting behind the desk working on a computer ?	man
32498	More clips are shown of people hanging up the wallpaper as well as shots of the city .	what are shown of people hanging up the wallpaper as well as shots of the city ?	clips
32500	The man begins talking to another male who has a red wrap on his head .	who begins talking to another male who has a red wrap on his head ?	man
32500	The man begins talking to another male who has a red wrap on his head .	what is the color of the wrap ?	red
32501	The camel then lifts up and begins walking throughout the desert towards a group of kids and cars .	what then lifts up and begins walking throughout the desert towards a group of kids and cars ?	camel
32502	A man is tying a yellow belt around the waist of a taller man who shakes his hand and then shakes everyone else .	who is tying the yellow belt around the waist of a taller man who shakes his hand and then shakes everyone else ?	man
32502	A man is tying a yellow belt around the waist of a taller man who shakes his hand and then shakes everyone else .	what is the man tying around the waist of a taller man who shakes his hand and then shakes everyone else ?	belt
32502	A man is tying a yellow belt around the waist of a taller man who shakes his hand and then shakes everyone else .	what is the color of the belt ?	yellow
32506	Two large men are seen standing in a pit surrounded by others and one ref standing in the middle .	how many large men are seen standing in the pit surrounded by others and one ref standing in the middle ?	two
32509	A person in a yellow cap is swimming in a swimming pool .	what is the color of the cap ?	yellow
32509	A person in a yellow cap is swimming in a swimming pool .	where is the person in a yellow cap swimming . ?	pool
32510	A person in a white shirt is talking .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
32512	A woman mounts a beam with an audience in the background .	who mounts the beam with an audience in the background ?	woman
32513	The woman performs gymnastics on the beam .	who performs gymnastics on the beam ?	woman
32514	The woman dismounts from the beam .	who dismounts from the beam ?	woman
32515	A man riding a horse and swinging a rope around is seen chasing after a calf and eventually grabbing the animal with his rope .	who riding a horse and swinging a rope around is seen chasing after a calf and eventually grabbing the animal with his rope ?	man
32515	A man riding a horse and swinging a rope around is seen chasing after a calf and eventually grabbing the animal with his rope .	the man riding what and swinging a rope around is seen chasing after a calf and eventually grabbing the animal with his rope ?	horse
32515	A man riding a horse and swinging a rope around is seen chasing after a calf and eventually grabbing the animal with his rope .	the man riding a horse and swinging what around is seen chasing after a calf and eventually grabbing the animal with his rope ?	rope
32516	He holds the calf down and another man comes out to help the man tie up the calf .	what does he hold down and another man comes out to help the man tie up the calf ?	calf
32516	He holds the calf down and another man comes out to help the man tie up the calf .	who does he hold the calf down and comes out to help the man tie up the calf ?	man
32518	We see a man preparing to get in a kayak .	who do we see preparing to get in a kayak ?	man
32519	We then see the man riding in his kayak on a rough river .	who do we then see riding in his kayak on a rough river ?	man
32520	The man goes over a rock .	who goes over the rock ?	man
32522	The kayak is overturned in the river .	what is overturned in the river ?	kayak
32526	We see the kayak overturned and we then see the river running .	what do we see and we then see running ?	river
32527	We see the ending screens .	what do we see ?	screens
32528	A woman is seen laughing to the camera and begins smoking a cigarette .	who is seen laughing to the camera and begins smoking a cigarette ?	woman
32529	The woman takes puffs off of her cigarette while looking into the camera .	who takes puffs off of her cigarette while looking into the camera ?	woman
32530	The woman continues lifting up her cigarette and blowing smoke into the distance .	who continues lifting up her cigarette and blowing smoke into the distance ?	woman
32531	We see an animated opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
32532	We see a man walking in a parking lot .	who do we see walking in a parking lot ?	man
32533	The man starts performing martial arts moves .	who starts performing martial arts moves ?	man
32534	The man removes his shirt and necklace .	who removes his shirt and necklace ?	man
32535	The man flips around and does Capoeira moves .	who flips around and does capoeira moves ?	man
32537	The man finishes , grabs his shirt , and walks off .	who finishes , grabs his shirt , and walks off ?	man
32537	The man finishes , grabs his shirt , and walks off .	what does the man grab ?	shirt
32540	A man pushes the individual downstream .	who pushes the individual downstream ?	man
32541	Another man pushes the individual further downstream .	who pushes the individual further downstream ?	man
32542	We see two opening screens for poker at a casino .	what do we see for poker at a casino ?	screens
32542	We see two opening screens for poker at a casino .	how many opening screens do we see for poker at a casino ?	two
32544	We see a large jackpot sign .	what do we see ?	sign
32546	We see the man peek at his cards .	who do we see at his cards ?	peek
32547	The man peeks at his cards again .	who peeks at his cards again ?	man
32548	The dealer turns over the players cards .	who turns over the players cards ?	dealer
32550	A man is seen wearing a suit and walk away .	who is seen wearing the suit and walk away ?	man
32551	The man walks up to a large chair and sits down .	who walks up to the large chair and sits down ?	man
32552	Another man is seen standing in front of the chair and begins looking down at the man 's feet .	who is seen standing in front of the chair and begins looking down at the man 's feet ?	man
32557	We see a large white mound of snow .	what is the color of the mound ?	white
32558	The person in the blue shirt looks up the mountain .	what does the person in the blue shirt look up ?	mountain
32558	The person in the blue shirt looks up the mountain .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
32559	We see a blue bar at the bottom of the screen .	what do we see at the bottom of the screen ?	bar
32559	We see a blue bar at the bottom of the screen .	what is the color of the bar ?	blue
32560	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
32565	A 3d mop shows how it works with a woman also moping up things on her floor .	what shows how it works with a woman also moping up things on her floor ?	mop
32568	The two create a hop scotch game with the toy and lay it down on the ground and show off the foam .	what do the two create hop with the toy ?	game
32568	The two create a hop scotch game with the toy and lay it down on the ground and show off the foam .	what do the two show off ?	foam
32569	The woman speaks to the camera while the girl hops along the game .	who speaks to the camera while the girl hops along the game ?	woman
32570	A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding a violin and continues with her playing the violin and pausing .	who is seen speaking to the camera while holding a violin and continues with her playing the violin and pausing ?	woman
32571	The woman continues playing the instrument and stopping to speak to the camera and demonstrate how to play .	who continues playing the instrument and stopping to speak to the camera and demonstrate how to play ?	woman
32573	Then , the person puts the camera down and begins working out on the track .	what does then , the person put down ?	camera
32574	The guys takes off his track suit and continues to work out .	who takes off his track suit and continues to work out ?	guys
32578	The blue team scores a goal first and then people start clapping and cheering .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
32579	Next the blue team scores another one again and the crowd goes wild .	what is the color of the scores ?	blue
32580	A woman is seen bending down in front of the camera and turn on a faucet of water .	who is seen bending down in front of the camera and turn on a faucet of water ?	woman
32581	The woman continues uses the water and begins scrubbing down a shirt and stepping in the buckets .	who continues uses the water and begins scrubbing down a shirt and stepping in the buckets ?	woman
32583	a man is driving a car through a window .	who is driving the car through a window ?	man
32583	a man is driving a car through a window .	what is the man driving through a window ?	car
32586	A girl is jumping and swinging on balance bars .	who is jumping and swinging on balance bars ?	girl
32587	A woman in a black shirt is standing under her watching .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
32589	A gymnast put power chalk power on his hands and stands near the pommel horse .	who put power chalk power on his hands and stands near the pommel horse ?	gymnast
32590	Then , the gymnast approach the pommel horse to spin around many times .	who do then , approach the pommel horse to spin around many times ?	gymnast
32590	Then , the gymnast approach the pommel horse to spin around many times .	what do then , the gymnast approach ?	horse
32591	Then , the gymnast stand on his hand and jumps to land on the floor , while people applaud .	then , who stand on his hand and jumps to land on the floor , while people applaud ?	gymnast
32592	A man walks up to the side of a cabin .	who walks up to the side of a cabin ?	man
32593	He uses a large knife to cut through the grass .	what does he use ?	knife
32594	He swings the knife back and forth , cutting the grass and weeds .	what does he swing back and forth , ?	knife
32595	A woman is standing on a field while people are gathered behind her .	who is standing on the field while people are gathered behind her ?	woman
32598	A boy in a green shirt steps on a stool to reach the sink .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
32599	A woman stands next to him .	who stands next to him ?	woman
32600	The little boy washes his hands in the sink .	who washes his hands in the sink ?	boy
32600	The little boy washes his hands in the sink .	where does the little boy wash his hands . ?	sink
32602	The boy dries his hands with a towel .	who dries his hands with a towel ?	boy
32603	A woman is seen speaking to the camera in a dealership and leads into several close ups of a car .	who is seen speaking to the camera in a dealership and leads into several close ups of a car ?	woman
32604	The woman then presents various tools and begins taking off the tire off of the car .	who then presents various tools and begins taking off the tire off of the car ?	woman
32604	The woman then presents various tools and begins taking off the tire off of the car .	what does the woman then present ?	tools
32605	She pulls out a new tire and places it on the car , screwing it in place and showing where the tire is in the trunk .	what does she pull out ?	tire
32606	She closes the trunk and shows off the car while still speaking to the camera .	what does she close ?	trunk
32606	She closes the trunk and shows off the car while still speaking to the camera .	what does she show off ?	car
32607	A woman is seen standing in the middle of a sand pit and begins swinging an object around .	who is seen standing in the middle of a sand pit and begins swinging an object around ?	woman
32610	woman is talking in news talking about a los angeles baseball player .	who is talking in news talking about a los angeles baseball player ?	woman
32611	me are in a street court playing dodgeball wearing dodgers uniform , people are watching the game and cars are passing by in the street .	what are me in a street court playing dodgeball wearing dodgers uniform , people are watching the game and are passing by in the street ?	cars
32612	men wearing dodgers uniform are shown in pictures in a baseball field people on the terraces and the woman on the news talking about them .	men wearing what are shown in pictures in a baseball field people on the terraces and the woman on the news talking about them ?	uniform
32614	A man is seen steering the boat through the storm and talking to a camera with the video ending of more shots of the boat .	who is seen steering the boat through the storm and talking to a camera with the video ending of more shots of the boat ?	man
32618	Another woman is seen talking to the camera followed by several more shots of the boat along the water and people riding and steering the boat .	who is seen talking to the camera followed by several more shots of the boat along the water and people riding and steering the boat ?	woman
32619	Three men are seen walking in slow motion while another girl walks into frame and the group grab tubes from a pile .	what are three men seen and the group grab from a pile ?	tubes
32619	Three men are seen walking in slow motion while another girl walks into frame and the group grab tubes from a pile .	how many men are seen walking in slow motion while another girl walks into frame ?	three
32624	A man in a green shirt is holding some papers and talking outside .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
32627	Several women are kneeling on the ground and working on preparing a soup .	who are kneeling on the ground and working on preparing a soup ?	women
32629	A woman slices some of the white vegetable into a yellow bowl .	who slices some of the white vegetable into a yellow bowl ?	woman
32629	A woman slices some of the white vegetable into a yellow bowl .	what is the color of the vegetable ?	white
32629	A woman slices some of the white vegetable into a yellow bowl .	what is the color of the bowl ?	yellow
32630	A little boy carries a bower on his back and blow dead leaves of a backyard .	who carries the bower on his back and blow dead leaves of a backyard ?	boy
32631	Then , the little boy goes to other place to blow leaves .	who does then , go to other place to blow leaves ?	boy
32632	After , the little boy blow leaves near a tree .	who does after , leave near the tree ?	blow
32634	A person 's hand turns a knob on the machine and begins running on the machine .	what does the person 's hand turn on the machine ?	knob
32637	She turns around and faces the camera continuing to brush her hair and display its length .	what does she face continuing to brush her hair and display its length ?	camera
32640	The girl then drinks from it and swishes it around her mouth .	who then drinks from it and swishes it around her mouth ?	girl
32646	A woman in a purple coat is talking .	what is the color of the coat ?	purple
32649	She sprays the horse 's tail and starts brushing it .	what did she spray tail ?	horse
32649	She sprays the horse 's tail and starts brushing it .	what did she spray ?	tail
32652	Her teammate catches it and throws it over the net .	who catches it and throws it over the net ?	teammate
32653	The volleyball player serves the ball .	what does the volleyball player serve ?	ball
32655	Her teammate throws the ball over the net .	who throws the ball over the net ?	teammate
32657	An opposing player hits the ball .	what does an opposing player hit ?	ball
32658	Her teammate hits it back at her .	who hits it back at her ?	teammate
32659	The teammate spikes it over the net .	who spikes it over the net ?	teammate
32660	The opposing player hits the ball .	what does the opposing player hit ?	ball
32661	Her teammate throws the ball over the net to the opposing team .	who throws the ball over the net to the opposing team ?	teammate
32663	Her teammate hits the ball .	who hits the ball ?	teammate
32663	Her teammate hits the ball .	what does her teammate hit ?	ball
32664	Her teammate hits the ball over the net .	who hits the ball over the net ?	teammate
32665	An opposing player dives and hits the ball .	what does an opposing player dive and hits ?	ball
32667	A woman is wearing a towel and standing next to a bath tub .	who is wearing the towel and standing next to a bath tub ?	woman
32667	A woman is wearing a towel and standing next to a bath tub .	what is the woman wearing and standing next to a bath tub ?	towel
32674	A girl walks in from the side and begins stomping in the room .	who walks in from the side and begins stomping in the room ?	girl
32674	A girl walks in from the side and begins stomping in the room .	where does the girl begin stomping . ?	room
32675	The girl continues exercising and moves side to side and starts to put her foot up moving in a hip hop fashion .	who continues exercising and moves side to side and starts to put her foot up moving in a hip hop fashion ?	girl
32677	We see people floating in a lake in purple rafts .	what is the color of the rafts ?	purple
32680	We see a red canoe on the shore .	what is the color of the canoe ?	red
32681	We pan over the river .	what do we pan over ?	river
32686	The group cuts hedges along the side as well as throw them into a bucket and help the older man .	the group throw them into a bucket and help who ?	man
32687	The kids continue to help the other man by gathering leaves as he pushing them back towards the front .	who continue to help the other man by gathering leaves as he pushing them back towards the front ?	kids
32688	A woman is sitting bent over and washing her laundry by hand in a bowl .	who is sitting bent over and washing her laundry by hand in a bowl ?	woman
32688	A woman is sitting bent over and washing her laundry by hand in a bowl .	what is the woman sitting bent over and washing by hand in a bowl ?	laundry
32689	Her friend comes by and talks to her and laugh before walking away again .	who comes by and talks to her and laugh before walking away again ?	friend
32692	A man is seen kneeling down on the dirt when a bull comes running into the man .	who is seen kneeling down on the dirt when a bull comes running into the man ?	man
32694	Several more clips are shown of people chasing bulls and running away .	what are shown of people chasing bulls and running away ?	clips
32695	A swimmer swims inside of a pool .	who swims inside of a pool ?	swimmer
32696	The swimmer is seen wearing a training snorkel .	who is seen wearing the training snorkel ?	swimmer
32697	A screen of fighters are shown and then two random images are selected .	how many random images are selected ?	two
32703	A leader is using a baton to instruct them .	who is using the baton to instruct them ?	leader
32703	A leader is using a baton to instruct them .	what is the leader using ?	baton
32705	A guy in the backyard is mowing the lawn on a hot and sunny day while a lady records and narrates .	where is the guy mowing the lawn on a hot and sunny day while a lady records and narrates . ?	backyard
32707	The guy changes direction as he continues to mow .	who changes direction as he continues to mow ?	guy
32709	A man heats a small pan with a flame .	who heats the small pan with a flame ?	man
32709	A man heats a small pan with a flame .	what does the man heat with a flame ?	pan
32710	Three soldiers standing near watch him .	who are standing near watch him ?	soldiers
32710	Three soldiers standing near watch him .	how many soldiers is standing near watch him ?	three
32711	The man grabs a paintbrush and moves it around in the pan .	who grabs the paintbrush and moves it around in the pan ?	man
32711	The man grabs a paintbrush and moves it around in the pan .	what does the man grab ?	paintbrush
32711	The man grabs a paintbrush and moves it around in the pan .	where does the man move it around . ?	pan
32713	He flames the shoe with the flame canister .	what did he flame with the flame canister ?	shoe
32714	He brushes the shoe again .	what does he brush again ?	shoe
32715	He then flames the shoe some more .	what does he then flame some more ?	shoe
32716	A man is mowing the lawn on a yard and laughing and making jokes with friends that are watching .	who is mowing the lawn on a yard and laughing and making jokes with friends that are watching ?	man
32719	a girl is sitting in a chair talking .	who is sitting in the chair talking ?	girl
32720	A woman walks up to the girl and wipes her earlobes .	who walks up to the girl and wipes her earlobes ?	woman
32721	The woman then pierces the girl 's ear .	who then pierces the girl 's ear ?	woman
32721	The woman then pierces the girl 's ear .	who does the woman then pierce ear ?	girl
32722	The girl puts her glasses on after her ears are pieced .	who puts her glasses on after her ears are pieced ?	girl
32722	The girl puts her glasses on after her ears are pieced .	what does the girl put on after her ears are pieced ?	glasses
32723	A man is shown smiling in an image as words go over his face .	who is shown smiling in an image as words go over his face ?	man
32725	The boy tries several times .	who tries several times ?	boy
32726	A man with no hands grabs a dart that is stuck to the board and walks backward .	what does the man with no hands grab ?	dart
32728	A storm trooper is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a camera panning around a neighbor and the man walking around .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a camera panning around a neighbor and the man walking around ?	trooper
32729	Many kids stop to speak to the man as well as cars stopping to speak .	who stop to speak to the man as well as cars stopping to speak ?	kids
32732	One group then pulls another down and ends by walking away .	how many group then pulls another down and ends by walking away ?	one
32735	A fencing match commences inside a building .	what match commences inside a building ?	fencing
32737	The camera moves down the row to the right .	what moves down the row to the right ?	camera
32738	The girl in black gets stuck the gets going .	what is the color of the gets ?	black
32739	The cars then come to a stop .	what then come to the stop ?	cars
32740	Boats are seen sailing through dark ocean water .	what are seen sailing through dark ocean water ?	boats
32742	The boats are seen floating through the water .	what are seen floating through the water ?	boats
32743	A small group of people are seen standing around a field when one lady hits a ball .	how many lady are the small group of people seen standing around a field when hits a ball ?	one
32745	A camera is seen zooming in on a building and leads into a man climbing up a large rock .	what is seen zooming in on the building and leads into a man climbing up a large rock ?	camera
32746	The man continuously climbs up the rock while looking around and finally makes it to the top while the camera pans around .	who continuously climbs up the rock while looking around and finally makes it to the top while the camera pans around ?	man
32747	A person plays tam-tam using three instruments .	what does the person play using three instruments ?	tam-tam
32747	A person plays tam-tam using three instruments .	the person plays tam-tam using what ?	instruments
32747	A person plays tam-tam using three instruments .	the person plays tam-tam using how many instruments ?	three
32748	Other man plays the drums using two sticks .	who plays the drums using two sticks ?	man
32749	A cartoon yellow character is shown running with bulls behind him .	who is shown running with bulls behind him ?	character
32749	A cartoon yellow character is shown running with bulls behind him .	what is the color of the character ?	yellow
32750	Several sumo wrestlers are then shown running down a track .	who are sumo then shown running down a track ?	wrestlers
32751	A gun fires , and they run again .	what fires , and they run again ?	gun
32755	A man gets on his bike .	who gets on his bike ?	man
32756	The tire is flat and he feels it .	what is flat and he feels it ?	tire
32758	Tools are sitting on a brick wall .	what are sitting on the brick wall ?	tools
32759	He turns the bike upside down to look at the tire .	what does he turn upside down ?	bicycle
32761	He uses a tool to get the tire off of the wheel .	what does he use ?	tool
32762	He pumps a pump and then fills it with water .	what does he pump ?	pump
32764	He puts the tire back on the wheel .	what does he put back on the wheel ?	tire
32767	A woman is seen standing behind a counter speaking to the camera and pointing to various ingredients .	who is seen standing behind the counter speaking to the camera and pointing to various ingredients ?	woman
32768	She pours oil into a hot pan and begins mixing ingredients together in the pan .	where does she begin mixing ingredients . ?	pan
32769	She boils noodles into a pot and mixes it together in the pan and serves it onto a plate .	what does she boil into a pot ?	noodles
32773	A man is seen cleaning up a bathroom when a walks into frame and leads into a news article .	who is seen cleaning up the bathroom when a walks into frame and leads into a news article ?	man
32776	A blurry vision shows two people in a gym with one punching and kicking the other holding gloves .	how many people does the blurry vision show in a gym with one punching and kicking the other holding gloves ?	two
32779	A man wearing beige shorts begins cleaning the black race car with a cloth and a spray .	who is wearing beige shorts begins cleaning the black race car with a cloth and a spray ?	man
32779	A man wearing beige shorts begins cleaning the black race car with a cloth and a spray .	the man wearing what begins cleaning the black race car with a cloth and a spray ?	shorts
32779	A man wearing beige shorts begins cleaning the black race car with a cloth and a spray .	what is the color of the car ?	black
32780	He wipes the car down to make it shiny and clean .	what does he wipe down ?	car
32781	Both the cars are parked in the parking lot , looking clean and sparkly after a car wash .	what are parked in the parking lot , looking clean and sparkly after a car wash ?	cars
32784	The people brush the horse all along the sides when a woman comes out back to speak to them .	what do the people brush all along the sides when a woman comes out back to speak to them ?	horse
32785	A man is seen riding a bike in slow motion with a flag in the back and leads into several clips of people of all ages riding bikes .	who is seen riding the bike in slow motion with a flag in the back and leads into several clips of people of all ages riding bikes ?	man
32787	A glue stick is shown on a table .	what is shown on the table ?	stick
32792	A man is in the car with a small boy .	who is in the car with a small boy ?	man
32793	We see an orange car come into the screen followed by a gold car .	what do we see come into the screen followed by a gold car ?	car
32793	We see an orange car come into the screen followed by a gold car .	what is the color of the car ?	orange
32794	man is in a swinging make a kind of somervault on the air .	who is in the swinging make a kind of somervault on the air ?	man
32795	the man makes the big jump in the air and lands in a bike and stat riding it .	who makes the big jump in the air and lands in a bike and stat riding it ?	man
32796	men iss swinging in a green grassy yard .	what is the color of the yard ?	green
32797	A gymnast performs a routine on the horizontal bars .	who performs the routine on the horizontal bars ?	gymnast
32798	The gymnast spins and turns from one bar to the other , also holding on one hand .	who spins and turns from one bar to the other , also holding on one hand ?	gymnast
32799	Then , the gymnast spins and jumps stand on the floor , then a flashback of the routine is presented .	who does then , spin and jumps stand on the floor , then a flashback of the routine is presented ?	gymnast
32801	The little girl came up to her and try to reach for the rake .	who came up to her and try to reach for the rake ?	girl
32802	The woman adjusted the handle of the rake to make it shorter and handed to the girl .	who adjusted the handle of the rake to make it shorter and handed to the girl ?	woman
32803	The little girl continue to rake , while the lady take a bigger rake and started to rake the leaves .	who continue to rake , while the lady take a bigger rake and started to rake the leaves ?	girl
32804	Two men play a song on a guitars together in a dimly lit room .	how many men play the song on a guitars together in a dimly lit room ?	two
32806	A man is setting up cameras and lighting in the background for some video shoot .	who is setting up cameras and lighting in the background for some video shoot ?	man
32806	A man is setting up cameras and lighting in the background for some video shoot .	what is the man setting up and lighting in the background for some video shoot ?	cameras
32807	A man is on a machine standing and using only his arms and feet to move on it .	who is on the machine standing and using only his arms and feet to move on it ?	man
32808	Then a woman gets on it taking the mans place and she uses the machine .	who does then get on it taking the mans place and she uses the machine ?	woman
32808	Then a woman gets on it taking the mans place and she uses the machine .	what does then the woman get on it taking the mans place and she uses ?	machine
32810	man is talking to the camera in a news studio and sart talking with a man that is part of a band .	who is talking to the camera in a news studio and sart talking with a man that is part of a band ?	man
32812	man is again in news studio with the band and man start laying drums .	who is again in news studio with the band and man start laying drums ?	man
32812	man is again in news studio with the band and man start laying drums .	what is man again in news studio with the band and man start laying ?	drums
32814	A girl is waving frilly toy .	who is waving frilly toy ?	girl
32814	A girl is waving frilly toy .	what is the girl waving ?	toy
32815	A little boy in gray smiles a the camera .	what does the little boy in gray smile ?	camera
32816	We see a man in a red hat with a boy laughing hard .	what is the color of the hat ?	red
32818	We zoom in on a lady in a white shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
32819	The lady in white smiles at the camera .	what is the color of the lady ?	white
32822	He lets go and the ball hits the screen as he falls to the ground .	what does he let go and hits the screen as he falls to the ground ?	ball
32822	He lets go and the ball hits the screen as he falls to the ground .	what does he let go and the ball hits ?	screen
32824	We see a title screen slide down the screen .	what do we see down the screen ?	slide
32825	We then watch an older boy and a boy bowl in a bowling alley .	where do we then watch an older boy and a boy bowl . ?	alley
32826	A small boy in an orange shirt rolls the ball down the aisle .	what does the small boy in an orange shirt roll down the aisle ?	ball
32826	A small boy in an orange shirt rolls the ball down the aisle .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
32827	We watch an older boy in a green shirt roll the ball 5 times and get 4 strikes .	how many times do we watch an older boy in a green shirt roll the ball and get 4 strikes ?	five
32827	We watch an older boy in a green shirt roll the ball 5 times and get 4 strikes .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
32831	The man wets the block and runs a knife across two different blocks .	who wets the block and runs a knife across two different blocks ?	man
32831	The man wets the block and runs a knife across two different blocks .	what does the man wet ?	block
32831	The man wets the block and runs a knife across two different blocks .	what does the man run across two different blocks ?	knife
32832	The man grabs a pole and sharpens the knife on it .	who grabs the pole and sharpens the knife on it ?	man
32832	The man grabs a pole and sharpens the knife on it .	what does the man grab ?	pole
32832	The man grabs a pole and sharpens the knife on it .	what does the man sharpen on it ?	knife
32833	The man wipes the knife on a towel .	who wipes the knife on a towel ?	man
32834	The man grabs and removes a lemon .	who grabs and removes the lemon ?	man
32834	The man grabs and removes a lemon .	what does the man grab and removes ?	lemon
32835	The man shows us an upside down pot .	who shows us an upside down pot ?	man
32837	A girl attempts multiple flips and sticks the landing .	who flips and sticks the landing ?	multiple
32837	A girl attempts multiple flips and sticks the landing .	what does the girl attempts multiple flip and sticks ?	landing
32838	Another girls follows suit as the team works hard in the background .	who follows suit as the team works hard in the background ?	girls
32838	Another girls follows suit as the team works hard in the background .	what does another girls follow ?	suit
32841	Several members hug and talk .	who hug and talk ?	members
32844	Some women are swimming in a pool .	who are swimming in the pool ?	women
32844	Some women are swimming in a pool .	where are some women swimming . ?	pool
32846	They are teaching the babies to go under water and hold their breaths .	who are they teaching ?	babies
32847	First the man puts pink lipstick on his lips and he says he 's a joker .	who does first put pink lipstick on his lips and he says he 's a joker ?	man
32847	First the man puts pink lipstick on his lips and he says he 's a joker .	what does first the man put on his lips and he says he 's a joker ?	lipstick
32849	Next he puts 2 thick lines of it under his eyes and he says something , he also attempts to put it on his chin , but the video ends .	how many thick lines does next he put of it under his eyes and he says something , he also attempts to put it on his chin ?	two
32850	This young woman is in the studio playing the piano .	who is in the studio playing the piano ?	woman
32858	A man begins demonstrating how to place the newspaper and twigs on top of that .	who begins demonstrating how to place the newspaper and twigs on top of that ?	man
32859	He then creates a pyramid shaped structure .	what does he then create shaped structure ?	pyramid
32862	He adds a few more twigs to keep the flames burning .	what does he add ?	twigs
32864	Then the cars get powered on and they are able to get driven .	what do then get powered on and they are able to get driven ?	cars
32867	The man has a pair of blue pliers in his hand and begins fixing the chain on the bike .	what is the color of the pliers ?	blue
32869	After awhile , he stops the chain and begins to take two links out of the chain on the bike .	how many links does after awhile , he begin to take out of the chain on the bike ?	two
32870	As the chain begins to hang down , the man puts it back in the right place and begins to spin the back wheel and begins to talk when he is finished .	, who puts it back in the right place and begins to spin the back wheel and begins to talk when he is finished ?	man
32871	A man is on a snowboard on a snowy hill .	who is on the snowboard on a snowy hill ?	man
32874	Young boy talks to camera in front of drum set in a studio .	where did young boy talks to camera in front of drum set . ?	studio
32875	Young boy plays on the drum set , and the cymbals , while intermittently speaking to the camera .	who plays on the drum set , and the cymbals , while intermittently speaking to the camera ?	boy
32876	The boy finishes up recording his drum session and returns to the camera .	who finishes up recording his drum session and returns to the camera ?	boy
32877	A woman is in a driveway , doing tricks and stunts as she jumps rope .	who is in the driveway , doing tricks and stunts as she jumps rope ?	woman
32877	A woman is in a driveway , doing tricks and stunts as she jumps rope .	where is the woman , doing tricks and stunts as she jumps rope . ?	driveway
32880	The man is then shown putting spacers in between tiles and measuring .	who is then shown putting spacers in between tiles and measuring ?	man
32881	The man then goes to another part of the room with a white bucket and an orange cloth and is wiping down wooden floorboards .	who then goes to another part of the room with a white bucket and an orange cloth and is wiping down wooden floorboards ?	man
32881	The man then goes to another part of the room with a white bucket and an orange cloth and is wiping down wooden floorboards .	what is the color of the bucket ?	white
32881	The man then goes to another part of the room with a white bucket and an orange cloth and is wiping down wooden floorboards .	what is the color of the cloth ?	orange
32882	The man is then shown pouring powder into a large white bucket , pouring water into it then mixing the contents with a hand drill .	who is then shown pouring powder into a large white bucket , pouring water into it then mixing the contents with a hand drill ?	man
32882	The man is then shown pouring powder into a large white bucket , pouring water into it then mixing the contents with a hand drill .	what is the color of the bucket ?	white
32883	The man is then in a corner of the room and he 's applying the mixture onto the floorboards then puts down an orange material .	who is then in the corner of the room and he 's applying the mixture onto the floorboards then puts down an orange material ?	man
32883	The man is then in a corner of the room and he 's applying the mixture onto the floorboards then puts down an orange material .	what is the color of the material ?	orange
32885	A woman is seen sitting at the end of a bed taking her shoes off and then baby 's feet walking .	who is seen sitting at the end of a bed taking her shoes off and then baby 's feet walking ?	woman
32885	A woman is seen sitting at the end of a bed taking her shoes off and then baby 's feet walking .	who is the woman seen and then feet walking ?	baby
32888	A GoPro camera is seen and then another screen appears showing that the camera has won awards .	what is seen and then another screen appears showing that the camera has won awards ?	camera
32888	A GoPro camera is seen and then another screen appears showing that the camera has won awards .	what is the gopro camera seen and then appears showing that the camera has won awards ?	screen
32890	A screen appears asking to submit footage to the GoPro awards .	what appears asking to submit footage to the gopro awards ?	screen
32891	We see a man kite surfing .	what do we see ?	surfing
32894	Water splashes and covers the camera lens .	what does water splash and covers ?	lens
32898	There are 4 young people dressed in military attire carrying a red and white banner in a parade .	how many young people are there dressed in military attire carrying a red and white banner in a parade ?	four
32899	Several people canoe down a lake interspersed with several still photos of the lake stats and features .	what do several people canoe down interspersed with several still photos of the lake stats and features ?	lake
32900	Several still photos of the lake are shown which includes browned and dry weeds/marsh and calm blue water along with a shallow body of water heavy with rocks .	what is the color of the water ?	blue
32901	Two canoes with people in them are shown in the lake .	how many canoes with people in them are shown in the lake ?	two
32903	A girl sits in the drivers seat of a car and enjoys a ice cream cone .	who sits in the drivers seat of a car and enjoys a ice cream cone ?	girl
32903	A girl sits in the drivers seat of a car and enjoys a ice cream cone .	what does the girl enjoy ?	cone
32904	The girl laughs while trying to eat the ice cream .	who laughs while trying to eat the ice cream ?	girl
32905	The girl licks the ice cream cone with the tip of her tongue .	who licks the ice cream cone with the tip of her tongue ?	girl
32905	The girl licks the ice cream cone with the tip of her tongue .	what does the girl lick with the tip of her tongue ?	cone
32906	A man is seen swirling a stick around a pot while a young boy on the side watches him work .	who is seen swirling the stick around a pot while a young boy on the side watches him work ?	man
32907	The man teases the boy with a cone and lets the boy have it , only to be taken away again .	who teases the boy with a cone and lets the boy have it , only to be taken away again ?	man
32907	The man teases the boy with a cone and lets the boy have it , only to be taken away again .	who does the man tease with a cone ?	boy
32908	The man then puts ice cream on the cone and smiles at the boy while he walks away and other 's watch .	who then puts ice cream on the cone and smiles at the boy while he walks away and other 's watch ?	man
32909	man is standing in a track in a roofed gym and runs to make big jumps in front of judges .	who is standing in the track in a roofed gym and runs to make big jumps in front of judges ?	man
32911	man claps after the man make the jumps .	who claps after the man make the jumps ?	man
32912	A woman is seen looking beyond the camera and showing the back of her head .	who is seen looking beyond the camera and showing the back of her head ?	woman
32913	She holds up various products and rubs them through her hair .	what does she hold up ?	products
32917	The man then throws all of the frisbees and the dog runs after them several times and catches them .	who then throws all of the frisbees and the dog runs after them several times and catches them ?	man
32918	In the middle of the routine , he grabs several frisbees and gives them to the dog one by one as he kneels down in front of him .	what does in the middle of the routine , he grab ?	frisbees
32921	The two sumo wrestlers throw a white powder into the ring .	who throw the white powder into the ring ?	wrestlers
32921	The two sumo wrestlers throw a white powder into the ring .	how many sumo wrestlers throw the white powder into the ring ?	two
32921	The two sumo wrestlers throw a white powder into the ring .	what is the color of the powder ?	white
32923	Two other men hold brooms as sweep up some of the powder .	what do two other men hold as sweep up some of the powder ?	brooms
32923	Two other men hold brooms as sweep up some of the powder .	how many other men hold brooms as sweep up some of the powder ?	two
32924	The two sumo wrestlers walk out of the ring and again throw more powder .	who walk out of the ring and again throw more powder ?	wrestlers
32924	The two sumo wrestlers walk out of the ring and again throw more powder .	how many sumo wrestlers walk out of the ring and again throw more powder ?	two
32927	The man in black sumo shorts throws the other man out of the ring .	who does the man in black sumo shorts throw out of the ring ?	man
32927	The man in black sumo shorts throws the other man out of the ring .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
32928	They bow and the loser exits the ring .	who do they bow and exits the ring ?	loser
32930	A man stands with a bow and arrow .	who stands with the bow and arrow ?	man
32931	A man shots an arrow from bow .	who shots an arrow from bow ?	man
32933	A guy talks with his mouth and hand .	who talks with his mouth and hand ?	guy
32934	An extended hand holding a pen is shown on a split screen .	an extended hand holding what is shown on a split screen ?	pen
32937	An arrow cuts the string holding an apple .	what does an arrow cut holding an apple ?	string
32937	An arrow cuts the string holding an apple .	an arrow cuts the string holding what ?	apple
32940	A guy talks while gesturing .	who talks while gesturing ?	guy
32942	Two men play billiards while taking turns to hit the ball with a stick , while a man plays billiards alone on back .	how many men play billiards while taking turns to hit the ball with a stick , while a man plays billiards alone on back ?	two
32944	A woman walks with a stick next to the men .	who walks with the stick next to the men ?	woman
32946	A woman is shown on the screen with gloves on and a cloth in her hand rubbing cream on a leather ottoman to repair the wear and tear .	who is shown on the screen with gloves on and a cloth in her hand rubbing cream on a leather ottoman to repair the wear and tear ?	woman
32948	A young boy is shown speaking to the camera and eventually shows his hands moving objects .	who is shown speaking to the camera and eventually shows his hands moving objects ?	boy
32950	He continues sharpening the object and shows the knife running across his bare skin .	what does he show running across his bare skin ?	knife
32951	Two men in basketball shorts are playing racketball .	how many men in basketball shorts are playing racketball ?	two
32952	They hit the ball back and forth against the wall .	what did they hit back and forth against the wall ?	ball
32956	A kickball player kicks the ball at home plate in a large arena .	what does the kickball player kick at home plate in a large arena ?	ball
32959	There 's a guitarist in a green shirt demonstrating how to play an acoustic guitar .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
32961	The guitarist is strumming the guitar with his pick as he plays his music .	who is strumming the guitar with his pick as he plays his music ?	guitarist
32963	The guitarist continues playing his guitar .	who continues playing his guitar ?	guitarist
32970	An athletic man is swimming around on a paddle board while another man gets behind and assists him .	who is swimming around on the paddle board while another man gets behind and assists him ?	man
32971	He then flips the man forward and the man demonstrates how to flip yourself back over .	who does he then flip forward and the man demonstrates how to flip yourself back over ?	man
32971	He then flips the man forward and the man demonstrates how to flip yourself back over .	who does he then flip the man forward and demonstrates how to flip yourself back over ?	man
32974	They are all dressed in red gears and yellow helmets .	what is the color of the gears ?	red
32974	They are all dressed in red gears and yellow helmets .	what is the color of the helmets ?	yellow
32980	A man high fives a woman in a crowd .	who high fives the woman in a crowd ?	man
32982	A woman in white hat starts walking strangely .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
32983	Another woman in a white hat falls to the ground .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
32988	A man lifts one of the women and hugs her .	who lifts one of the women and hugs her ?	man
32990	The man then begins break dancing on the floor .	who then begins break dancing on the floor ?	man
32991	The man kics a ball down a lane and people celebrate .	who kics the ball down a lane and people celebrate ?	man
32991	The man kics a ball down a lane and people celebrate .	what does the man kics down a lane and people celebrate ?	ball
32992	A man is seen standing before a ping pong table and throws a ball off into the distance .	who is seen standing before the ping pong table and throws a ball off into the distance ?	man
32993	A man takes a drink and leads into the two playing more beer pong .	who takes the drink and leads into the two playing more beer pong ?	man
32996	A woman does a karate move .	who does the karate move ?	woman
32998	The camera man captures a view of a thatched roof house .	who captures the view of a thatched roof house ?	man
32999	A young girl in a black blouse and a girl in a white tank top stand in a thatched roof house watching two woman washing clothes Filipino style .	what is the color of the blouse ?	black
32999	A young girl in a black blouse and a girl in a white tank top stand in a thatched roof house watching two woman washing clothes Filipino style .	what is the color of the top ?	white
33000	A girl in a pink blouse and a girl in a white t-shirt wash clothes in large tubs just outside the thatched roof house .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	white
33001	The camera man pans the front of the washing area while the girl in the white t-shirt rinses the clothes .	who pans the front of the washing area while the girl in the white t-shirt rinses the clothes ?	man
33001	The camera man pans the front of the washing area while the girl in the white t-shirt rinses the clothes .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	white
33003	A guest room is shown , displaying the dirty carpets .	what is shown , displaying the dirty carpets ?	room
33006	A girl stands at a kitchen sink and demonstrates rinsing her mouth out with Crest whitening mouthwash .	who stands at the kitchen sink and demonstrates rinsing her mouth out with crest whitening mouthwash ?	girl
33008	The girl then picks up a bottle of Crest whiting mouth wash and rinses her mouth for 60 seconds .	who then picks up the bottle of crest whiting mouth wash and rinses her mouth for 60 seconds ?	girl
33009	The woman then spits the rinse out in the sink , and proceeds to talk to the camera again .	who then spits the rinse out in the sink , and proceeds to talk to the camera again ?	woman
33009	The woman then spits the rinse out in the sink , and proceeds to talk to the camera again .	where does the woman then spit the rinse out . ?	sink
33010	A woman stands with a child that is seated next to a counter .	who stands with the child that is seated next to a counter ?	woman
33011	The woman applies a dry powder to the back of the girls hair and brushes in through .	who applies the dry powder to the back of the girls hair and brushes in through ?	woman
33012	The woman get s a blow dryer and uses it while she brushes the girls hair to straighten it .	who get s a blow dryer and uses it while she brushes the girls hair to straighten it ?	woman
33013	man is standing in front of a mirror spreading cream on his face .	who is standing in front of a mirror spreading cream on his face ?	man
33014	man is kneeling and wash her face .	who is kneeling and wash her face ?	man
33015	the man grabs a green towel and wipe his face .	who grabs the green towel and wipe his face ?	man
33015	the man grabs a green towel and wipe his face .	what does the man grab ?	towel
33015	the man grabs a green towel and wipe his face .	what is the color of the towel ?	green
33016	A woman is adjusting her exercise machine .	who is adjusting her exercise machine ?	woman
33016	A woman is adjusting her exercise machine .	what is the woman adjusting exercise ?	machine
33017	She adjusts the knobs and pushes the seat up .	what does she adjust ?	knobs
33021	A coach instructs players in a basketball court .	who instructs players in a basketball court ?	coach
33023	This man is shown mowing the lawn while a big greyhound walks behind him .	who is shown mowing the lawn while a big greyhound walks behind him ?	man
33025	A man drives to the ocean and surfs on a surfboard , riding waves , before leaving the beach with his surfboard .	who drives to the ocean and surfs on a surfboard , riding waves , before leaving the beach with his surfboard ?	man
33026	A man gets in his truck , puts his surfboard in the back of his truck and drives .	who gets in his truck , puts his surfboard in the back of his truck and drives ?	man
33026	A man gets in his truck , puts his surfboard in the back of his truck and drives .	what does the man put in the back of his truck ?	surfboard
33026	A man gets in his truck , puts his surfboard in the back of his truck and drives .	where does the man get . ?	truck
33027	The man arrives at the beach , changes into a wets suit and begins to surf on a surfboard in the ocean , riding waves .	who arrives at the beach , changes into a wets suit and begins to surf on a surfboard in the ocean , riding waves ?	man
33028	The man then leaves the beach , in his wetsuit , with his surfboard under his arm .	who then leaves the beach , in his wetsuit , with his surfboard under his arm ?	man
33028	The man then leaves the beach , in his wetsuit , with his surfboard under his arm .	what does the man then leave , in his wetsuit , with his surfboard under his arm ?	beach
33029	a man is crouched next to a girl on the beach .	who is crouched next to the girl on the beach ?	man
33036	A man is seen using a large sander against a wall moving the machinery all along the wall .	who is seen using the large sander against a wall moving the machinery all along the wall ?	man
33037	The man continues sanding the wall and ends with him keeping it steady .	who continues sanding the wall and ends with him keeping it steady ?	man
33046	They white water raft down a river together .	what do they white down a river together ?	raft
33048	A man is sitting in front of a goal blocking balls .	who is sitting in front of a goal blocking balls ?	man
33052	The girl tries to eat the boys ice cream .	who tries to eat the boys ice cream ?	girl
33053	The girl laughs at the end .	who laughs at the end ?	girl
33054	Someone is sleeping on a white couch .	what is the color of the couch ?	white
33056	They stand up and walk out the door .	they walk out what ?	door
33057	A woman is on stage in front of a band .	who is on stage in front of a band ?	woman
33060	A man wearing no shirt plays a hand drum .	who is wearing no shirt plays a hand drum ?	man
33060	A man wearing no shirt plays a hand drum .	the man wearing what plays a hand drum ?	shirt
33061	A solo man spins his body around on his hands and does cartwheels .	solo who spins his body around on his hands and does cartwheels ?	man
33061	A solo man spins his body around on his hands and does cartwheels .	what does the solo man do ?	cartwheels
33062	Two men do a practice karate routine and dodge kicks from the other opponent .	how many men do the practice karate routine and dodge kicks from the other opponent ?	two
33064	The man does jumping flips by himself .	who does jumping flips by himself ?	man
33065	The two men do jumping kicks while they spar in a karate dance .	how many men do jumping kicks while they spar in a karate dance ?	two
33066	The man stands on his hands and bends backwards to a horizontal position .	who stands on his hands and bends backwards to a horizontal position ?	man
33067	A man displays martial arts moves in a movie clip that shows the man fighting different people in several different locations in a city backdrop .	who displays martial arts moves in a movie clip that shows the man fighting different people in several different locations in a city backdrop ?	man
33068	A man is escorted into a room and left alone until he is attacked , violently , by a man who appears suddenly in the room with him , the two fight .	who is escorted into the room and left alone until he is attacked , violently , by a man who appears suddenly in the room with him , the two fight ?	man
33068	A man is escorted into a room and left alone until he is attacked , violently , by a man who appears suddenly in the room with him , the two fight .	who is the man escorted into a room and left alone until he is attacked , violently , by a man appears suddenly in the room with him , how many fight ?	two
33069	The man is then shown in several other locations fighting with different men using martial arts skills until the clip fades to a marketing invitation to subscribe .	who is then shown in several other locations fighting with different men using martial arts skills until the clip fades to a marketing invitation to subscribe ?	man
33070	A black banner overlay with the word POWERCHALK written in white and green is across the banner .	what is the color of the overlay ?	black
33072	A violinist is playing the violin in a music room .	who is playing the violin in a music room ?	violinist
33072	A violinist is playing the violin in a music room .	where is the violinist playing the violin . ?	room
33073	She adjusts the violin under her chin as she reads the music .	what does she adjust under her chin ?	violin
33074	At the end of her song she removes the violin and smiles .	what does at the end of her song she remove ?	violin
33076	The girls then perform a routine using batons while spinning and twirling .	who then perform the routine using batons while spinning and twirling ?	girls
33076	The girls then perform a routine using batons while spinning and twirling .	the girls then perform a routine using what while spinning and twirling ?	batons
33078	A man performs stunts on the back of a motorcycle , falls off , and injures himself at which point he falls to the ground and looks hurt .	who performs stunts on the back of a motorcycle , falls off , and injures himself at which point he falls to the ground and looks hurt ?	man
33079	A man is hanging off of a moving bicycle on a down ramp .	who is hanging off of the moving bicycle on a down ramp ?	man
33080	The man falls off of the bike and onto the ground with torn clothes .	who falls off of the bike and onto the ground with torn clothes ?	man
33081	The camera pans the man 's damaged clothes and helmet and his befallen face as he lays on the ground injured .	what pans the man 's damaged clothes and helmet and his befallen face as he lays on the ground injured ?	camera
33081	The camera pans the man 's damaged clothes and helmet and his befallen face as he lays on the ground injured .	who does the camera pan damaged clothes and helmet and his befallen face as he lays on the ground injured ?	man
33081	The camera pans the man 's damaged clothes and helmet and his befallen face as he lays on the ground injured .	what does the camera pan and helmet and his befallen face as he lays on the ground injured ?	clothes
33082	Various ingredients are shown laid out on a table and leads into a person putting items into a bowl .	what are shown laid out on the table and leads into a person putting items into a bowl ?	ingredients
33086	Suddenly all the bikes fall from a stage .	what do suddenly fall from the stage ?	bicycles
33088	A man is surf boarding in the ocean on a blue surf board .	who is surf boarding in the ocean on a blue surf board ?	man
33088	A man is surf boarding in the ocean on a blue surf board .	what is the color of the board ?	blue
33090	The man is surfing near a beach by some hotels .	who is surfing near the beach by some hotels ?	man
33091	The surfer continues to surf through tall waves without falling off .	who continues to surf through tall waves without falling off ?	surfer
33092	A gymnast performs on the vault on front a crowd , she flips and falls from the vault .	who performs on the vault on front a crowd , she flips and falls from the vault ?	gymnast
33093	Then , the gymnast jumps , flips but staggers during her performance .	then , who jumps , flips but staggers during her performance ?	gymnast
33095	Next , the gymnast jumps and does a double flip and land stands on the mat .	next , who jumps and does the double flip and land stands on the mat ?	gymnast
33096	A man runs and jumps in various public locations with springs on his legs while spectators watch .	who runs and jumps in various public locations with springs on his legs while spectators watch ?	man
33097	A cameraman films the man while lying on the ground .	who films the man while lying on the ground ?	cameraman
33097	A cameraman films the man while lying on the ground .	who does the cameraman film while lying on the ground ?	man
33100	One man leads in front as the group walks away and begins playing as a band .	who leads in front as the group walks away and begins playing as a band ?	man
33100	One man leads in front as the group walks away and begins playing as a band .	how many man leads in front as the group walks away and begins playing as a band ?	one
33102	Four men ride in a convertible car and drive along a desert highway .	how many men ride in the convertible car and drive along a desert highway ?	four
33103	Two friends ride down an escalator .	who ride down an escalator ?	friends
33103	Two friends ride down an escalator .	how many friends ride down an escalator ?	two
33104	The friends stand at a card table in a casino and play hands .	who stand at the card table in a casino and play hands ?	friends
33105	The man makes a large bet and sits down to play a few hands at the table .	who makes the large bet and sits down to play a few hands at the table ?	man
33105	The man makes a large bet and sits down to play a few hands at the table .	what does the man make ?	bet
33106	The man accumulates a large number of chips .	who accumulates the large number of chips ?	man
33107	The man 's friends win a hand and the couple celebrates .	who friends win a hand and the couple celebrates ?	man
33107	The man 's friends win a hand and the couple celebrates .	who win the hand and the couple celebrates ?	friends
33108	The man is tracked by security personnel and cameras .	who is tracked by security personnel and cameras ?	man
33109	The woman falls back if her chair to the ground and the men help her up .	who falls back if her chair to the ground and the men help her up ?	woman
33110	The friend playing is gone and the chair is empty .	who is gone and the chair is empty ?	playing
33110	The friend playing is gone and the chair is empty .	what is the friend playing gone and is empty ?	chair
33112	They are sitting next to several buckets .	what are they sitting ?	buckets
33113	They scrub clothing against the rocks , trying to clean them .	what did they scrub against the rocks , ?	clothing
33115	Then , a man blow the fire , while the person puts sticks on the nascent fire .	who does then , blow the fire , while the person put sticks on the nascent fire ?	man
33118	One of the men begins singing in the microphone .	where does one of the men begin singing . ?	microphone
33120	They play the maracas as they sing the song .	what do they play ?	maracas
33123	The girl immediately begins her routine and it includes a lot of flips , walking , twirls , hand movements , spins and etcetera .	who immediately begins her routine and it includes a lot of flips , walking , twirls , hand movements , spins and etcetera ?	girl
33124	Three men are interviewed , one of whom plays the piano and sings for the interviewer and his camera crew in a narrow hallway .	how many men are interviewed , one of whom plays the piano and sings for the interviewer and his camera crew in a narrow hallway ?	three
33125	Four men are in a room , three of whom are being interviewed by the fourth man who has blonde hair , is wearing glasses , and has a camera crew with him .	how many men are in the room , three of whom are being interviewed by the fourth man who has blonde hair , is wearing glasses , and has a camera crew with him ?	four
33126	The interviewer leads one of the men into the hallway to a piano , where the man has a seat .	who leads one of the men into the hallway to a piano , where the man has a seat ?	interviewer
33127	The man begins to play and sing as the camera crew , interviewer and onlookers watch , before the man ends the song , gets up and walks away .	who begins to play and sing as the camera crew , interviewer and onlookers watch , before the man ends the song , gets up and walks away ?	man
33129	The man in the blue shirt approaches to shoot .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
33130	The man walks away to exchange his pool stick .	who walks away to exchange his pool stick ?	man
33132	The man then takes another shot .	who then takes another shot ?	man
33133	The man takes his third shot .	who takes his third shot ?	man
33134	The man makes his fourth shot .	who makes his fourth shot ?	man
33135	The man makes his final shot .	who makes his final shot ?	man
33137	The camera follows the girl riding down a snowy hill as well as riding up ski lifts and speaking again to the camera .	what follows the girl riding down a snowy hill as well as riding up ski lifts and speaking again to the camera ?	camera
33139	Two people are seen playing a game of ping pong with one another .	how many people are seen playing the game of ping pong with one another ?	two
33140	They hit the ball back and fourth across the table while people watch on the sides .	what did they hit back ?	ball
33141	The boys continue to play back and fourth while switching places and looking to the camera .	who continue to play back and fourth while switching places and looking to the camera ?	boys
33144	A woman dressed in a black top is talking about American Grooming services for pets .	who dressed in a black top is talking about american grooming services for pets ?	woman
33144	A woman dressed in a black top is talking about American Grooming services for pets .	what is the color of the top ?	black
33150	Many upscale people are seen watching on the sidelines as the horse game carries on and a winner is chosen .	who are many upscale people seen and is chosen ?	winner
33155	The singer interacts with the band and continues playing while the audience cheers .	who interacts with the band and continues playing while the audience cheers ?	singer
33157	The camera continues to capture the people riding around the track in slow motion with one person falling and several watching on the sides .	what continues to capture the people riding around the track in slow motion with one person falling and several watching on the sides ?	camera
33159	A man sits on a toilet with her leg up .	who sits on the toilet with her leg up ?	man
33160	A person holding a camera walks into the bathroom .	the person holding what walks into the bathroom ?	camera
33161	The man rubs shaving cream on their legs .	who rubs shaving cream on their legs ?	man
33162	He begins to shave his leg in the sink .	where does he begin to shave his leg . ?	sink
33165	A bull in a ring starts chasing two men .	how many men does the bull in a ring start chasing ?	two
33166	Several others run onto the ring , and the bull flips as they grab his horns and tail .	what do several others run onto the ring , and flips as they grab his horns and tail ?	bull
33167	They open the gate , but fail to get the bull back inside as he charges them .	what do they open ?	gate
33168	A person shows and explains a lemon squeezer and shows the part were the lemon goes .	what does the person show and explains ?	squeezer
33170	Next , the person puts ice in a cup , and then squeeze a lemon using the lemon squeezer , add syrup and water from jugs .	where does next , the person put ice , add syrup and water from jugs . ?	cup
33171	Then , the person put a cover on the cup and shake the mix .	what did then , the person put on the cup ?	cover
33171	Then , the person put a cover on the cup and shake the mix .	what do then , the person shake ?	mix
33173	Two young men sled on the road pulled by a car .	how many young men sled on the road pulled by a car ?	two
33175	A young man stands from the sled and enters the car and other person takes his place on the sled .	who stands from the sled and enters the car and other person takes his place on the sled ?	man
33180	The boy walks on the stage and talks to the judges .	who walks on the stage and talks to the judges ?	boy
33181	The boy performs a break dance .	who performs the break dance ?	boy
33185	The boy walks off stage and is interviewed .	who walks off stage and is interviewed ?	boy
33186	The boy walks away from the men .	who walks away from the men ?	boy
33187	A young girl plays an accordian .	who plays an accordian ?	girl
33188	The girl turns her head to the right .	who turns her head to the right ?	girl
33190	A woman is seen curling her hair while speaking to the camera and leads into her speaking in front of judges .	who is seen curling her hair while speaking to the camera and leads into her speaking in front of judges ?	woman
33192	Two men are sitting , with their shoes in view .	how many men are sitting , with their shoes in view ?	two
33193	A man picks up a shoe and puts it on his foot .	who picks up the shoe and puts it on his foot ?	man
33193	A man picks up a shoe and puts it on his foot .	what does the man pick up ?	shoe
33194	He then applies the other shoe , then ties the laces .	what does he then apply ?	shoe
33194	He then applies the other shoe , then ties the laces .	what does he then tie ?	laces
33195	man is chewing gum sitting on the grades .	who is chewing gum sitting on the grades ?	man
33195	man is chewing gum sitting on the grades .	what is man sitting on the grades ?	gum
33196	man is standing on ractrack holding a large pole and running to do a javelin throw .	who is standing on ractrack holding a large pole and running to do a javelin throw ?	man
33201	A woman is seen bending down in front of a large set of weights and begins lifting it to her shoulders .	who is seen bending down in front of a large set of weights and begins lifting it to her shoulders ?	woman
33203	Several pictures are shown of a beach and landscapes as well as people walking on the beach .	what are shown of the beach and landscapes as well as people walking on the beach ?	pictures
33204	Several clips are then shown of people riding along the water and surfing the waves .	what are then shown of people riding along the water and surfing the waves ?	clips
33206	A man is seen speaking to a woman outside that leads into a game of rock paper scissors .	who is seen speaking to the woman outside that leads into a game of rock paper scissors ?	man
33207	The girls slaps the man and he continues to play the game with several other girls on the street in various locations .	who slaps the man and he continues to play the game with several other girls on the street in various locations ?	girls
33207	The girls slaps the man and he continues to play the game with several other girls on the street in various locations .	who does the girls slap and he continues to play the game with several other girls on the street in various locations ?	man
33208	When the man wins the girls kiss him on the cheek .	who kiss him on the cheek ?	girls
33209	A little toddler is walking down the street holding her dog leash .	who is walking down the street holding her dog leash ?	toddler
33209	A little toddler is walking down the street holding her dog leash .	the little toddler is walking down the street holding what ?	leash
33210	The dog is walking ahead of her not pulling her , he is very gentle .	what is walking ahead of her not pulling her , he is very gentle ?	dog
33211	The dog stops to sniff around and then begins walking again .	what stops to sniff around and then begins walking again ?	dog
33212	The little girl trying to follow closely behind him .	who is trying to follow closely behind him ?	girl
33216	A girl is seen speaking to the camera on the floor .	who is seen speaking to the camera on the floor ?	girl
33217	Another woman is seen sitting on a swingset looking to the camera .	who is seen sitting on the swingset looking to the camera ?	woman
33218	The woman swings back and fourth while looking down at her hand .	who swings back and fourth while looking down at her hand ?	woman
33219	This man is wearing a blue t-shirt and white shorts and he is doing his gymnastic routine .	who is wearing the blue t-shirt and white shorts and he is doing his gymnastic routine ?	man
33219	This man is wearing a blue t-shirt and white shorts and he is doing his gymnastic routine .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	blue
33219	This man is wearing a blue t-shirt and white shorts and he is doing his gymnastic routine .	what is the color of the shorts ?	white
33221	There is also another man there with him who 's walking around and he 's wearing a green shirt .	who is there also there with him and he 's wearing a green shirt ?	man
33221	There is also another man there with him who 's walking around and he 's wearing a green shirt .	what is there also another man there with him and he 's wearing ?	shirt
33221	There is also another man there with him who 's walking around and he 's wearing a green shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
33222	A man is sitting on a bull in a gate .	who is sitting on the bull in a gate ?	man
33223	The bull is released and a man on a horse chases after it .	what is released and the man on a horse chases after it ?	bull
33224	The man jumps off the horse and ties the bull up .	who jumps off the horse and ties the bull up ?	man
33224	The man jumps off the horse and ties the bull up .	what does the man jump off ?	horse
33224	The man jumps off the horse and ties the bull up .	what does the man tie up ?	bull
33225	The man stands up and walks back to his horse .	who stands up and walks back to his horse ?	man
33226	A boy is floating in a raft as his father holds a rope attached to it .	who is floating in the raft as his father holds a rope attached to it ?	boy
33226	A boy is floating in a raft as his father holds a rope attached to it .	where is the boy floating as his father holds a rope attached to it . ?	raft
33227	The boat floats away slowly , pulling the child as he stands in his raft .	what floats away slowly , pulling the child as he stands in his raft ?	boat
33227	The boat floats away slowly , pulling the child as he stands in his raft .	where does the boat float away slowly , pulling the child as he stands . ?	raft
33228	He is then pulled up toward the two men in the boat .	where is he then pulled up . ?	boat
33230	Cars move on a road adjacent to a home .	what move on the road adjacent to a home ?	cars
33233	A man is painting the wall , light blue .	who is painting the wall , light blue ?	man
33234	The man is painting the wall and floor of a roof , black .	who is painting the wall and floor of a roof , black ?	man
33234	The man is painting the wall and floor of a roof , black .	what is the color of the roof ?	black
33236	chiopped vegetables are in a bowls on top of table .	what are in the bowls on top of table ?	vegetables
33237	the ingredients are mixed inside a bowl together with oil , pepper and mayonnaise .	what are mixed inside the bowl together with oil , pepper and mayonnaise ?	ingredients
33238	A man performs a hammer throw in an outdoor area , caged in , surrounded by crowds of people watching .	who performs the hammer throw in an outdoor area , caged in , surrounded by crowds of people watching ?	man
33239	A man in a red t-shirt approaches a players circle on the ground inside of an enclosed metal fence area .	what does the man in a red t-shirt approach on the ground inside of an enclosed metal fence area ?	circle
33239	A man in a red t-shirt approaches a players circle on the ground inside of an enclosed metal fence area .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	red
33240	The man spins a ball , attached to a rope , around and around .	who spins the ball , attached to a rope , around and around ?	man
33241	The man lets the ball goes and watches as it lands off screen .	who lets the ball goes and watches as it lands off screen ?	man
33242	The woman jumps again , this time sprinting a little bit faster .	who jumps again , this time sprinting a little bit faster ?	woman
33243	The woman jumps again with a longer run up .	who jumps again with the longer run up ?	woman
33245	The woman jumps again with an even longer run up and adds a small skip/hop to her initial run .	who jumps again with an even longer run up and adds a small skip/hop to her initial run ?	woman
33247	The woman does n't clear the bar perfectly and it falls off of it 's poles .	who does n't clear the bar perfectly and it falls off of it 's poles ?	woman
33247	The woman does n't clear the bar perfectly and it falls off of it 's poles .	what does the woman do n't clear perfectly and it falls off of it 's poles ?	bar
33248	The woman jumps again with an even longer run up and a more powerful skip/hop to start her run .	who jumps again with an even longer run up and a more powerful skip/hop to start her run ?	woman
33249	The woman jumps again with the long run up and powerful skip at the beginning .	who jumps again with the long run up and powerful skip at the beginning ?	woman
33251	They lob the ball back and forth , playing a game of tennis .	what do they lob back and forth , ?	ball
33253	The screen is full of white bubbles and words , while a pair of hands plays the piano .	what is full of white bubbles and words , while a pair of hands plays the piano ?	screen
33255	The hands disappear and it is just the keyboard .	what do the hands disappear and it is just ?	keyboard
33256	The screen fades to black .	what fades to black ?	screen
33256	The screen fades to black .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
33257	A man appears before several targets on a back wall .	who appears before several targets on a back wall ?	man
33259	A woman is shown with an archery set .	who is shown with an archery set ?	woman
33262	A man shows bees and different breeds , including a tree .	who shows bees and different breeds , including a tree ?	man
33266	There 's a woman dressed in black playing billiards in front of some spectators .	who does there 's dressed in black playing billiards in front of some spectators ?	woman
33266	There 's a woman dressed in black playing billiards in front of some spectators .	what is the color of the billiards ?	black
33267	After she 's done another lady takes her turn and hits a few shots .	who takes her turn and hits a few shots ?	lady
33268	The second contestant aims and shoots the ball in the hole .	who aims and shoots the ball in the hole ?	contestant
33270	She continues to concentrate and shoots the balls till only one ball is left on the billiards table .	how many ball does she continue to concentrate and shoots the balls till is left on the billiards table ?	one
33272	Multiple screens begin to appear , showing the hands playing various notes on the screen .	what begin to appear , showing the hands playing various notes on the screen ?	screens
33273	The screen goes backwards until the video ends .	what goes backwards until the video ends ?	screen
33274	Title screens show up on the video .	what show up on the video ?	screens
33275	A woman is holding a cloth in a kitchen .	who is holding the cloth in a kitchen ?	woman
33275	A woman is holding a cloth in a kitchen .	where is the woman holding a cloth . ?	kitchen
33276	The woman begins running water in a bath tub and a sink .	who begins running water in a bath tub and a sink ?	woman
33276	The woman begins running water in a bath tub and a sink .	where does the woman begin running water . ?	sink
33277	The woman washes a cloth in the sink .	who washes the cloth in the sink ?	woman
33277	The woman washes a cloth in the sink .	where does the woman wash a cloth . ?	sink
33278	The woman lays the wet cloth on a dry one and dries it out .	who lays the wet cloth on a dry one and dries it out ?	woman
33278	The woman lays the wet cloth on a dry one and dries it out .	what does the woman lay on a dry one ?	cloth
33279	The woman puts the pair of pants on an ironing board .	who puts the pair of pants on an ironing board ?	woman
33281	A gymnast is seen standing ready with her arms up that leads into her running down and doing flips down a track into a pit .	who is seen standing ready with her arms up that leads into her running down and doing flips down a track into a pit ?	gymnast
33283	Several clips are shown of many people standing on a surf board and pushing themselves along the water with a paddle .	what are shown of many people standing on a surf board and pushing themselves along the water with a paddle ?	clips
33292	A man is standing on a skateboard .	who is standing on the skateboard ?	man
33293	He picks up the skateboard and holds it in his hand .	what does he pick up ?	skateboard
33294	He puts the skateboard back down and continues skateboarding .	what does he put back down ?	skateboard
33296	The diver kneel on the sea floor waving their hands .	who kneel on the sea floor waving their hands ?	diver
33298	The divers stands and continue swimming in the water .	who stands and continue swimming in the water ?	divers
33300	old woman is sitting on snowslide and its going down a snowy slope .	who is sitting on snowslide and its going down a snowy slope ?	woman
33301	old woman is in snowslide going down snow track .	who is in snowslide going down snow track ?	woman
33302	a man and a woman are grabing the old lady fom the back in a slide .	who are the man and a woman grabing the back in a slide ?	lady
33302	a man and a woman are grabing the old lady fom the back in a slide .	where are the man and a woman grabing the old lady fom . ?	slide
33304	old women are sitting on woodn bench talking to the camera .	who are sitting on woodn bench talking to the camera ?	women
33314	Two woman wave flags around .	how many woman wave flags around ?	two
33316	A girl is going across monkey bars on a playground .	who is going across monkey bars on a playground ?	girl
33319	Some women are on a boat attempting to figure out how to play shuffleboard .	who are on the boat attempting to figure out how to play shuffleboard ?	women
33320	The girl makes a shuffleboard ahot and the girls all begin to celebrate .	who makes the shuffleboard ahot and the girls all begin to celebrate ?	girl
33326	A man wearing a black shirt stands in a living room with a red and black accordion .	who is wearing a black shirt stands in a living room with a red and black accordion ?	man
33326	A man wearing a black shirt stands in a living room with a red and black accordion .	the man wearing what stands in a living room with a red and black accordion ?	shirt
33326	A man wearing a black shirt stands in a living room with a red and black accordion .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
33327	The musician sitting in a chair holding a black accordion and prepares to demonstrate how to play an accordion .	who is sitting in a chair holding a black accordion and prepares to demonstrate how to play an accordion ?	musician
33327	The musician sitting in a chair holding a black accordion and prepares to demonstrate how to play an accordion .	what is the color of the accordion ?	black
33328	The man then demonstrates playing an accordian using a brown accordion .	who then demonstrates playing an accordian using a brown accordion ?	man
33328	The man then demonstrates playing an accordian using a brown accordion .	what is the color of the accordion ?	brown
33329	A kite is seen flying around the air with a person riding behind the kite on the sand .	what is seen flying around the air with a person riding behind the kite on the sand ?	kite
33330	The camera continues to pan around the beach capturing the person flying a kite and him riding around and holding it .	what continues to pan around the beach capturing the person flying a kite and him riding around and holding it ?	camera
33332	She shows off the various items carried on a space craft and puts a lotion into her hair .	what does she put into her hair ?	lotion
33333	She combs the lotion in thoroughly and dries off her head with a towel .	what does she comb in thoroughly ?	lotion
33335	A mop stands upright next to a bucket .	what stands upright next to a bucket ?	mop
33338	The mop in dunked in the bucket of water then spun dry in the tray .	where did the mop in dunked in the bucket of water then spin dry . ?	tray
33340	A mop is used around various furniture and appliances to get into corners of rooms .	what is used around various furniture and appliances to get into corners of rooms ?	mop
33341	A girl does flips in front of a room full of children .	who does flips in front of a room full of children ?	girl
33342	She uses a hula hoop to go in circles .	what does she use ?	hoop
33346	One team scores a goal .	how many team scores a goal ?	one
33349	We see the leaves being blown on the ground .	what do we see being blown on the ground ?	leaves
33352	We see leaves blowing in the street .	what do we see blowing in the street ?	leaves
33353	We see the ending title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
33354	This man is shown standing in the water wearing his pool cap and his goggles are on top of his forehead .	who is shown standing in the water wearing his pool cap and his goggles are on top of his forehead ?	man
33354	This man is shown standing in the water wearing his pool cap and his goggles are on top of his forehead .	what is this man shown and are on top of his forehead ?	goggles
33356	A woman talks in a backyard wearing loose clothes .	who talks in the backyard wearing loose clothes ?	woman
33357	The woman exercise stepping on the mat .	who exercise stepping on the mat ?	woman
33358	two men are sitting in front of a counter in a kitchen .	how many men are sitting in front of a counter in a kitchen ?	two
33360	man is in the kitchen and pour some ingredients inside a cooking pot and mix them while is boiling water and put the pot on top of the boiled water .	who is in the kitchen and pour some ingredients inside a cooking pot and mix them while is boiling water and put the pot on top of the boiled water ?	man
33360	man is in the kitchen and pour some ingredients inside a cooking pot and mix them while is boiling water and put the pot on top of the boiled water .	where is man and pour some ingredients inside a cooking pot and mix them while is boiling water and put the pot on top of the boiled water . ?	kitchen
33361	man start mixing in a kitchen aid and create a white cream .	what is the color of the cream ?	white
33363	Various people ride the bulls and sit in the cars as well as end with a game of volleyball and celebrating .	what do various people ride ?	bulls
33365	A man gets off the bike to look at it .	who gets off the bike to look at it ?	man
33365	A man gets off the bike to look at it .	what does the man get off ?	bicycle
33366	He removes the tire from the bike .	what does he remove from the bike ?	tire
33368	A man in a red wet suit is sitting on a float talking casually .	what is the color of the suit ?	red
33370	They are floating through the river passing all the green scenery .	what is the color of the scenery ?	green
33371	The man in the red wet suit is leading the way .	what is the color of the suit ?	red
33372	A man is riding a bike .	who is riding the bike ?	man
33372	A man is riding a bike .	what is the man riding ?	bicycle
33379	A girl is stretching her body on a ballet bar .	who is stretching her body on a ballet bar ?	girl
33380	An instructor stands with a woman and talks about ballet .	who stands with the woman and talks about ballet ?	instructor
33381	The girl dances and pans back to the instructor .	who dances and pans back to the instructor ?	girl
33382	The instructor talks about the tools you will need for ballet .	who talks about the tools you will need for ballet ?	instructor
33384	A females left leg and foot is in a bathtub as the lady shaves her leg .	where did the females leave leg and foot is as the lady shaves her leg . ?	bathtub
33390	A man sits in a room in front of a flag .	who sits in the room in front of a flag ?	man
33391	He is playing a black wind instrument .	what is he playing ?	instrument
33391	He is playing a black wind instrument .	what is the color of the instrument ?	black
33393	He is wearing sunglasses as he plays .	what is he wearing ?	sunglasses
33396	The people grab the ball from the ground over and over again while occasionally looking over to the camera and panning back to the large crowd .	what do the people grab from the ground over and over again while occasionally looking over to the camera and panning back to the large crowd ?	ball
33397	An older man is seen laughing to the camera and playing a large set of bongo drums .	who is seen laughing to the camera and playing a large set of bongo drums ?	man
33402	A camera pans around the inside of a car looking out showing other cars driving around .	what pans around the inside of a car looking out showing other cars driving around ?	camera
33403	The car begins moving while looking around the sandy area and showing people inside the car .	what begins moving while looking around the sandy area and showing people inside the car ?	car
33404	The camera leads into shots of people riding around on camels and leads into shots of people riding on the camels .	what leads into shots of people riding around on camels and leads into shots of people riding on the camels ?	camera
33406	A boy rollerskate down the white railings as two other men walked up to him to give him high five .	who down the white railings as two other men walked up to him to give him high five ?	boy
33406	A boy rollerskate down the white railings as two other men walked up to him to give him high five .	what is the color of the railings ?	white
33407	A young man in blue top roller blades in the railing and give high fives to his peers .	what is the color of the roller ?	blue
33407	A young man in blue top roller blades in the railing and give high fives to his peers .	where did the young man in blue top roller blades . ?	railing
33409	Two men then drink out of ice containers and lead into more people drinking out of the containers .	how many men then drink out of ice containers and lead into more people drinking out of the containers ?	two
33410	One team finishes before the other and everyone celebrates .	how many team finishes before the other and everyone celebrates ?	one
33412	The room pans back to the rest of the room and continues to show many women still punching the hanging punching bags .	what pans back to the rest of the room and continues to show many women still punching the hanging punching bags ?	room
33414	The boy breaks the pinata open and candy spills on the ground .	who breaks the pinata open and candy spills on the ground ?	boy
33415	A woman runs up and adjusts the pinata .	who runs up and adjusts the pinata ?	woman
33415	A woman runs up and adjusts the pinata .	what does the woman adjust ?	pinata
33416	A woman runs up to get the broom stick but dodges to not get hit by the blindfolded child .	who runs up to get the broom stick but dodges to not get hit by the blindfolded child ?	woman
33417	The woman guides the boy up who is blindfolded toward the tree .	who guides the boy up who is blindfolded toward the tree ?	woman
33417	The woman guides the boy up who is blindfolded toward the tree .	who did the woman guide up toward the tree ?	boy
33418	A young blonde boy is shown in several still images , including several while skiing .	who is shown in several still images , including several while skiing ?	boy
33422	A young girl is at a park and grabbing and hanging on triangles that are hanging and makes her way going forward and across 7 triangles .	who is at the park and grabbing and hanging on triangles that are hanging and makes her way going forward and across 7 triangles ?	girl
33423	The young girl jumps down on the platform , smiles and waves .	who jumps down on the platform , smiles and waves ?	girl
33424	There 's a young boy dressed in a black shirt and black shorts in a field playing with a hockey stick .	who does there 's dressed in a black shirt and black shorts in a field playing with a hockey stick ?	boy
33424	There 's a young boy dressed in a black shirt and black shorts in a field playing with a hockey stick .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
33424	There 's a young boy dressed in a black shirt and black shorts in a field playing with a hockey stick .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
33425	He is hitting the ball into the goal with his stick .	what is he hitting into the goal with his stick ?	ball
33426	He swings the stick when another person throws the ball to him and aims it towards the goal .	what does he swing ?	stick
33427	This woman is showing viewers how she makes a cheesecake shot .	who is showing viewers how she makes a cheesecake shot ?	woman
33428	First she puts 3 quarters of an ounce of Baileys and the same amount of pineapple juice .	how many quarters does first she put of an ounce of baileys and the same amount of pineapple juice ?	three
33429	A small white , medium size Christmas tree is standing in front of two green doors .	what is the color of the tree ?	white
33429	A small white , medium size Christmas tree is standing in front of two green doors .	what is the color of the doors ?	green
33430	A lady is carrying a bag that has a `` SNO-BOND FLOCK # 1 '' written on it .	who is carrying the bag that has a `` sno-bond flock # 1 '' written on it ?	lady
33430	A lady is carrying a bag that has a `` SNO-BOND FLOCK # 1 '' written on it .	what is the lady carrying ?	bag
33431	The lady put the sno-bond flock in a strainer and grab a water spray bottle .	who put the sno-bond flock in a strainer and grab a water spray bottle ?	lady
33431	The lady put the sno-bond flock in a strainer and grab a water spray bottle .	what do the lady grab ?	bottle
33431	The lady put the sno-bond flock in a strainer and grab a water spray bottle .	where did the lady put the sno-bond flock . ?	strainer
33432	She started to sift the white stuff on the tree .	what is the color of the stuff ?	white
33434	A man is holding a rubiks cube .	who is holding the rubiks cube ?	man
33434	A man is holding a rubiks cube .	what is the man holding ?	cube
33438	A boy shows up on the screen and gets a cup of water and gargles it .	who shows up on the screen and gets a cup of water and gargles it ?	boy
33441	A man comes onto the screen and invites people to subscribe to his videos .	who comes onto the screen and invites people to subscribe to his videos ?	man
33442	woman is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	woman
33443	kids are running in stage and jumping the rope .	who are running in stage and jumping the rope ?	kids
33443	kids are running in stage and jumping the rope .	what are kids running in stage and jumping ?	rope
33444	kids are siting on court watching the skipping rope competition .	who are siting on court watching the skipping rope competition ?	kids
33445	A woman puts ice in a glass .	who puts ice in a glass ?	woman
33446	She dumps a bottle into the glass and adds juice .	what did she dump into the glass ?	bottle
33446	She dumps a bottle into the glass and adds juice .	what does she add ?	juice
33447	She stirs the drink and sets it down on the counter .	what does she stir ?	drink
33448	A man wearing a green cap sits in a car holding a coffee cup talking .	who is wearing a green cap sits in a car holding a coffee cup talking ?	man
33448	A man wearing a green cap sits in a car holding a coffee cup talking .	the man wearing what sits in a car holding a coffee cup talking ?	cap
33448	A man wearing a green cap sits in a car holding a coffee cup talking .	what is the color of the cap ?	green
33449	He sets the camera on his dashboard and continues talking .	what does he set on his dashboard ?	camera
33450	He holds the coffee and takes several sips .	what does he hold ?	coffee
33454	A tether rope rises up on a bar .	what rises up on the bar ?	rope
33455	Athletes prepare for an event getting poles ready and chalking hands .	who prepare for an event getting poles ready and chalking hands ?	athletes
33458	A graphic is seen of event sponsors and website on the screen with black backround .	what is seen of event sponsors and website on the screen with black backround ?	graphic
33458	A graphic is seen of event sponsors and website on the screen with black backround .	what is the color of the backround ?	black
33459	A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding an instrument and leads into her playing the flute .	who is seen speaking to the camera holding an instrument and leads into her playing the flute ?	woman
33460	The camera continues to zoom in on her playing the instrument while she intervenes by speaking to the camera .	what continues to zoom in on her playing the instrument while she intervenes by speaking to the camera ?	camera
33461	A man is standing outside of a wall with some sort of machine machine and begins talking .	who is standing outside of the wall with some sort of machine machine and begins talking ?	man
33462	The man takes the hose and pressure washes the fence before caulking it .	who takes the hose and pressure washes the fence before caulking it ?	man
33463	He then gets on his knees and adds spray paint to the machine and paints the wall .	what does he then add to the machine and paints the wall ?	paint
33467	He gives the violin to another man who plays it .	what does he give to another man who plays it ?	violin
33469	A woman gets her belly button clamped with a white clamp .	who gets her belly button clamped with a white clamp ?	woman
33469	A woman gets her belly button clamped with a white clamp .	what does the woman get clamped with a white clamp ?	button
33469	A woman gets her belly button clamped with a white clamp .	what is the color of the clamp ?	white
33470	She then gets her belly button pierced .	what does she then get ?	pierced
33471	The person removes the clamp and wipes it with a towel .	what does the person remove ?	clamp
33475	A woman in a white shirt is dancing .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
33479	A lady hair dresser wearing a green shirt and pants is demonstrating a haircut on a model wearing a black tank top .	what is wearing a green shirt and pants is demonstrating a haircut on a model wearing a black tank top ?	dresser
33479	A lady hair dresser wearing a green shirt and pants is demonstrating a haircut on a model wearing a black tank top .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
33479	A lady hair dresser wearing a green shirt and pants is demonstrating a haircut on a model wearing a black tank top .	what is the color of the top ?	black
33482	A woman is seen speaking to the camera in an aggressive manner and leads into her holding up a hula hoop .	who is seen speaking to the camera in an aggressive manner and leads into her holding up a hula hoop ?	woman
33483	The woman attempts to hula hoop several times and succeeds by using it on her neck and bending down to the camera .	who attempts to hula hoop several times and succeeds by using it on her neck and bending down to the camera ?	woman
33485	People are playing drums on the beach .	what are people playing on the beach ?	drums
33486	A woman in a yellow outfit is dancing .	what is the color of the outfit ?	yellow
33489	A young girl who was in the car steps out of the car .	who steps out of the car ?	girl
33489	A young girl who was in the car steps out of the car .	who was the young girl where steps out of the car . ?	car
33491	They leave the pool excited and happy .	what do they leave excited and happy ?	pool
33493	A man is seen hosting a new segment that leads into a large group of people standing and marching around a field .	who is seen hosting the new segment that leads into a large group of people standing and marching around a field ?	man
33496	A man pours an egg into a small pan .	who pours an egg into a small pan ?	man
33496	A man pours an egg into a small pan .	what does the man pour into a small pan ?	egg
33497	He sets the pan onto a stove .	what does he set onto a stove ?	pan
33499	A man pole vaults over a rope on a track of a sporting field .	who pole vaults over a rope on a track of a sporting field ?	man
33499	A man pole vaults over a rope on a track of a sporting field .	what did the man pole over a rope on a track of a sporting field ?	vaults
33500	The man just barely makes his body over the rope .	who just barely makes his body over the rope ?	man
33501	A man wearing glasses is talking in a parking lot .	who is wearing glasses is talking in a parking lot ?	man
33501	A man wearing glasses is talking in a parking lot .	the man wearing what is talking in a parking lot ?	glasses
33502	He walks into a car wash , where a green substance is being sprayed on the cars .	what is the color of the substance ?	green
33503	The soap is then rinsed away with hoses .	what is then rinsed away with hoses ?	soap
33505	The people continue marching and the camera ends with a credit scene .	what do the people continue and ends with a credit scene ?	camera
33506	A young child is seen wearing ear pieces on his head and blowing around the grass .	who is seen wearing ear pieces on his head and blowing around the grass ?	child
33507	He is holding a large machine and is seen pushing it all around the yard .	what is he holding ?	machine
33510	They rub some lotion onto their legs after .	what did they rub onto their legs after ?	lotion
33512	A man walks up to a microphone while playing the sax .	who walks up to the microphone while playing the sax ?	man
33514	The man continues to play the saxophone for the crowd .	who continues to play the saxophone for the crowd ?	man
33515	There 's a young main in a white tank top and beige shorts practicing dancing with a woman wearing a gray shirt and blue shorts .	what is the color of the top ?	white
33515	There 's a young main in a white tank top and beige shorts practicing dancing with a woman wearing a gray shirt and blue shorts .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
33515	There 's a young main in a white tank top and beige shorts practicing dancing with a woman wearing a gray shirt and blue shorts .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
33516	They are practicing dancing in their living room with a flat screen television hanging on the wall .	where are they practicing dancing . ?	room
33526	Teams of players play beach soccer .	what do teams of players play ?	soccer
33529	Two men are seen standing around her and write things down when the girl eventually finishes .	how many men are seen standing around her and write things down when the girl eventually finishes ?	two
33532	A large mountain covered in snow with scarce trees is visible .	what covered in snow with scarce trees is visible ?	mountain
33533	Someone begins skiing and then a man in an orange snow suit begins talking .	what is the color of the suit ?	orange
33534	The person continues skiing and then two males appear talking to one another .	the person then how many males appear talking to one another ?	two
33536	Two reporters report on a story about drinking too much coffee on a live news telecast .	who report on the story about drinking too much coffee on a live news telecast ?	reporters
33536	Two reporters report on a story about drinking too much coffee on a live news telecast .	how many reporters report on the story about drinking too much coffee on a live news telecast ?	two
33537	A dark haired woman reporter talks on camera before the camera cuts to a blonde haired reporter also talking on camera .	who did the dark haired on camera ?	talks
33538	The camera cuts to video of a coffee cup being filled with coffee while a written template explaining what the story is about appears beneath the cup .	what cuts to video of a coffee cup being filled with coffee while a written template explaining what the story is about appears beneath the cup ?	camera
33539	The camera then cuts to a four person news panel of people talking on camera .	what then cuts to the four person news panel of people talking on camera ?	camera
33540	sailboat is in open sea with some people standing on it .	what is in open sea with some people standing on it ?	sailboat
33542	A guy is throwing darts across the room .	who is throwing darts across the room ?	guy
33544	A man is seen speaking to the camera while it pans around the area and he climbs into a machine .	who is seen speaking to the camera while it pans around the area and he climbs into a machine ?	man
33545	He uses the machine to rip up the roof and ends with a close up of the machine .	what does he use ?	machine
33546	Several clips are shown of people swimming in the water leading into a woman looking at the camera and still moving around under the water .	what are shown of people swimming in the water leading into a woman looking at the camera and still moving around under the water ?	clips
33547	The woman continues floating in the water followed by grabbing a boogie board and performing various moves around the water .	who continues floating in the water followed by grabbing a boogie board and performing various moves around the water ?	woman
33548	A construction worker named Dave begins to show you how to grout .	who did construction name dave begins to show you how to grout ?	worker
33552	A little girl is sitting on a bed with her eyes closed .	who is sitting on the bed with her eyes closed ?	girl
33553	A woman kneels down and puts eye liner on the girl .	who kneels down and puts eye liner on the girl ?	woman
33554	The girl opens her eye and smiles .	who opens her eye and smiles ?	girl
33555	A person repairs a bike chain and installs the chain on a bike interspersed with an image of a woman talking .	what does the person repair ?	chain
33556	A woman looks into a camera and smiles while talking before the scene cuts away to a pair of hands working on a bike chain .	who looks into the camera and smiles while talking before the scene cuts away to a pair of hands working on a bike chain ?	woman
33558	The hands install the chain on a blue bike on a dirt ground surface .	what is the color of the bike ?	blue
33559	A woman holding towels talks to the camera .	what talks to the camera ?	towels
33560	The woman wipes the window behind her with a towel .	who wipes the window behind her with a towel ?	woman
33561	The woman sprays a liquid on the window .	who sprays the liquid on the window ?	woman
33562	The woman resumes wiping the window .	who resumes wiping the window ?	woman
33563	The woman returns to talking to the camera .	who returns to talking to the camera ?	woman
33564	Two boys perform arm wrestling while people are watching , suddenly the boys free their hands .	who perform arm wrestling while people are watching , suddenly the boys free their hands ?	boys
33564	Two boys perform arm wrestling while people are watching , suddenly the boys free their hands .	who do two boys perform arm wrestling , suddenly free their hands ?	boys
33564	Two boys perform arm wrestling while people are watching , suddenly the boys free their hands .	how many boys perform arm wrestling while people are watching ?	two
33565	After , they continue competing , then the boy wearing purple t-shirt fold the hand of his rival .	who is , wearing purple t-shirt fold the hand of his rival ?	boy
33565	After , they continue competing , then the boy wearing purple t-shirt fold the hand of his rival .	, then the boy wearing what fold the hand of his rival ?	t-shirt
33565	After , they continue competing , then the boy wearing purple t-shirt fold the hand of his rival .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	purple
33567	A man in blue stands in an auditorium .	where does the man in blue stand . ?	auditorium
33571	Two people white water raft over a rocky , climactic , body of water in narrow canoes and with paddles .	how many people white water raft over a rocky , climactic , body of water in narrow canoes and with paddles ?	two
33571	Two people white water raft over a rocky , climactic , body of water in narrow canoes and with paddles .	what is the color of the raft ?	white
33572	A person dressed in a red and black outfit stands in a red canoe and begins to put a piece of black equipment on .	what is the color of the canoe ?	red
33572	A person dressed in a red and black outfit stands in a red canoe and begins to put a piece of black equipment on .	what is the color of the equipment ?	black
33572	A person dressed in a red and black outfit stands in a red canoe and begins to put a piece of black equipment on .	where did the person dress . ?	canoe
33573	The person in the red and black outfit begins rafting in the red canoe over a tumultuous body of water filled with large rocks .	what is the color of the canoe ?	red
33577	A person wearing white top take pictures to the bikers .	what is the color of the top ?	white
33583	There is a badminton ladies double match taking place in an indoor court .	who is there a double match taking place in an indoor court ?	ladies
33583	There is a badminton ladies double match taking place in an indoor court .	how many ladies is there a double match taking place in an indoor court ?	badminton
33584	There are several spectators watching the match as the doubles partners hit the shuttlecock with their rackets .	who are there watching the match as the doubles partners hit the shuttlecock with their rackets ?	spectators
33586	A boy drinks something from a small cup in a bathroom .	who drinks something from a small cup in a bathroom ?	boy
33587	The boy runs into the room and jumps on the bed .	who runs into the room and jumps on the bed ?	boy
33588	The boy swallows the item in his mouth and covers his mouth with his hands .	who swallows the item in his mouth and covers his mouth with his hands ?	boy
33590	The person then begins moving along the water in the kayak .	where does the person then begin moving along the water . ?	kayak
33594	The walk off shore and speak to one another followed by the tubes hung up and the bus parked .	what do the walk off shore and speak to one and parked ?	bus
33595	A white Breville toaster is sitting on a counter being plugged .	who is sitting on the counter being plugged ?	toaster
33595	A white Breville toaster is sitting on a counter being plugged .	what is the color of the toaster ?	white
33596	In front of the toaster , a block of white cream and a banana is sitting on a white plate .	what is the color of the cream ?	white
33596	In front of the toaster , a block of white cream and a banana is sitting on a white plate .	what is the color of the plate ?	white
33597	Next , two slices of bread are in the toaster going up and down .	how many slices are next , of bread in the toaster going up and down ?	two
33598	Now , the sandwich is cut is half and the person begins to eating it .	what is now , cut is half and the person begins to eating it ?	sandwich
33599	There are two boys playing rock , paper , scissors .	who are there playing rock , paper , scissors ?	boys
33599	There are two boys playing rock , paper , scissors .	how many boys are there playing rock , paper , scissors ?	two
33602	Then the boy who 's wearing a sweater loses and the other boy slaps him .	who does then lose and the other boy slaps him ?	boy
33602	Then the boy who 's wearing a sweater loses and the other boy slaps him .	who does then the boy lose and slaps him ?	boy
33603	A woman is seen sitting in a doctor 's office with a doctor speaking to her and the camera .	who is seen sitting in the doctor 's office with a doctor speaking to her and the camera ?	woman
33603	A woman is seen sitting in a doctor 's office with a doctor speaking to her and the camera .	where is the woman seen sitting . ?	office
33604	The doctor then holds an object up to the girl 's lip .	who then holds an object up to the girl 's lip ?	doctor
33605	Finally the man pierces the girls lip and smiles down to her .	finally who pierces the girls lip and smiles down to her ?	man
33605	Finally the man pierces the girls lip and smiles down to her .	who does finally the man pierce ?	lip
33606	A boy stands at a podium , talking into a microphone .	who stands at the podium , talking into a microphone ?	boy
33609	When they finish , one girl gathers the hoops and the crowd claps as the curtain closes .	who does , gather the hoops and the crowd claps as the curtain closes ?	girl
33609	When they finish , one girl gathers the hoops and the crowd claps as the curtain closes .	how many girl do when they finish , gathers the hoops and the crowd claps as the curtain closes ?	one
33611	They are using a stepper , dancing and jumping on and off the equipment .	who are they using , dancing and jumping on and off the equipment ?	stepper
33611	They are using a stepper , dancing and jumping on and off the equipment .	what are they using a stepper , dancing and jumping on and off ?	equipment
33612	A woman is seen sitting down on the floor while holding a cat and cutting it 's claws .	who is seen sitting down on the floor while holding a cat and cutting it 's claws ?	woman
33613	The woman continues to hold the cat cutting his claws and then gets up and runs away in the end .	who continues to hold the cat cutting his claws and then gets up and runs away in the end ?	woman
33614	The words `` Women 's Artistic Gymnastics -LRB- WAG -RRB- '' appear on a red screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	red
33618	This woman is doing a nail tutorial of how to create nyan cat nails .	who is doing the nail tutorial of how to create nyan cat nails ?	woman
33619	First paint all of your nails blue and do a big white stripe across them and dot little stars .	what do first do across them ?	stripe
33619	First paint all of your nails blue and do a big white stripe across them and dot little stars .	what do first dot ?	stars
33619	First paint all of your nails blue and do a big white stripe across them and dot little stars .	what is the color of the stripe ?	white
33620	Then use a tiny paintbrush to put rainbow colors and then use a plastic sandwich bag to make nyan cat and she pushes it onto her nail .	then use what and she pushes it onto her nail ?	paintbrush
33621	A lady discusses and folds a towel .	who discusses and folds the towel ?	lady
33621	A lady discusses and folds a towel .	what does the lady discuss and folds ?	towel
33622	The lady washes her face with a powder from a box .	who washes her face with a powder from a box ?	lady
33623	The lady rinses her face and use a towel to dry up .	who rinses her face and use a towel to dry up ?	lady
33624	A woman trying to instruct big bang theory 's way of playing rock paper scissors lizard spock .	who is trying to instruct big bang theory 's way of playing rock paper scissors lizard spock ?	woman
33624	A woman trying to instruct big bang theory 's way of playing rock paper scissors lizard spock .	who is the woman trying lizard ?	spock
33629	A man swings a metal object from hand to hand .	who swings the metal object from hand to hand ?	man
33630	The man spins and releases an object behind him , and the credits of the video are shown .	who spins and releases an object behind him , and the credits of the video are shown ?	man
33631	A pole vaulter runs up and launches himself over the bar .	who runs up and launches himself over the bar ?	vaulter
33632	The vaulter introduces his challenge to the camera , which is to make it over ten times in a row in 20 minutes .	who introduces his challenge to the camera , which is to make it over ten times in a row in 20 minutes ?	vaulter
33638	The outro appears and it 's a black screen with a speedo logo and the word speedo .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
33639	A woman stands holding a violin against herself .	who stands holding the violin against herself ?	woman
33640	The woman plays the violin .	who plays the violin ?	woman
33640	The woman plays the violin .	what does the woman play ?	violin
33641	The woman stops playing the violin .	who stops playing the violin ?	woman
33643	Two men wearing scuba diving gear in an indoor pool talk to the camera .	how many men is wearing scuba diving gear in an indoor pool talk to the camera ?	two
33644	The camera follows one of the men underwater where numerous manmade obstacles are present .	what follows one of the men underwater where numerous manmade obstacles are present ?	camera
33647	a woman wearing butterflies wings costume playing beerpong .	who is wearing butterflies wings costume playing beerpong ?	woman
33648	a woman is wearing a catty costume is standing behind the table .	who is wearing the catty costume is standing behind the table ?	woman
33648	a woman is wearing a catty costume is standing behind the table .	what is the woman wearing ?	costume
33649	woman is sitting in front of the table and dance when the woman fails the ball .	who is sitting in front of the table and dance when the woman fails the ball ?	woman
33651	A woman is filing her nails on the table with a white bar .	who is filing her nails on the table with a white bar ?	woman
33651	A woman is filing her nails on the table with a white bar .	what is the color of the bar ?	white
33653	She then places her finger nails into a white box that is lit up .	what is the color of the box ?	white
33655	A nail polish bottle is shown on the screen .	what is shown on the screen ?	bottle
33659	She puts her hand back in the lit up box .	where does she put her hand back . ?	box
33660	A bottle is shown on the table .	what is shown on the table ?	bottle
33665	The people moves the steps to the center of the room .	what does the people move to the center of the room ?	steps
33666	A lady does a split on the floor and they finish .	who does the split on the floor and they finish ?	lady
33668	A man is seen standing with one man in a bedroom .	who is seen standing with one man in a bedroom ?	man
33670	He finally throws the man down onto the bed .	who does he finally throw down onto the bed ?	man
33671	Two groups of boys compete tug of war rope , while a man supervise the game and other people watch .	how many groups of boys compete tug of war rope , while a man supervise the game and other people watch ?	two
33675	Several more pictures are shown of people moving along the beach as well as helping others and shots of the scenery .	what are shown of people moving along the beach as well as helping others and shots of the scenery ?	pictures
33676	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into shots of water boiling in a pot .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into shots of water boiling in a pot ?	man
33676	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into shots of water boiling in a pot .	where does the man lead into shots of water boiling . ?	pot
33678	A man is talking inside a pool gym .	who is talking inside the pool gym ?	man
33680	A guy gets ready to lift weight .	who gets ready to lift weight ?	guy
33681	The guy lifts the weight .	who lifts the weight ?	guy
33682	The guy dance around and then leaves the stage .	who around and then leaves the stage ?	dance
33683	A man carries a box into the stage .	who carries the box into the stage ?	man
33683	A man carries a box into the stage .	what does the man carry into the stage ?	box
33684	A boy is smiling up at the man whose shoe he is shining .	who is smiling up at the man whose shoe he is shining ?	boy
33685	The man is looking down at the boy .	who is looking down at the boy ?	man
33686	The boy is shining the mans shoes .	who is shining the mans shoes ?	boy
33687	The boy is talking to passerbys and pointing .	who is talking to passerbys and pointing ?	boy
33688	A small kid walks away from the wall .	who walks away from the wall ?	kid
33689	The boy is wiping the mans shoes with a towel .	who is wiping the mans shoes with a towel ?	boy
33691	The boy gives a peace sign and grins .	who gives the peace sign and grins ?	boy
33692	A lady is lying down on a black bed , a woman in black sweater and wearing black gloves is rubbing a white cotton on the lady 's belly button .	who is lying down on the black bed , a woman in black sweater and wearing black gloves is rubbing a white cotton on the lady 's belly button ?	lady
33692	A lady is lying down on a black bed , a woman in black sweater and wearing black gloves is rubbing a white cotton on the lady 's belly button .	what is the color of the bed ?	black
33692	A lady is lying down on a black bed , a woman in black sweater and wearing black gloves is rubbing a white cotton on the lady 's belly button .	what is the color of the sweater ?	black
33692	A lady is lying down on a black bed , a woman in black sweater and wearing black gloves is rubbing a white cotton on the lady 's belly button .	what is the color of the gloves ?	black
33692	A lady is lying down on a black bed , a woman in black sweater and wearing black gloves is rubbing a white cotton on the lady 's belly button .	what is the color of the cotton ?	white
33696	A man cleans a large window using a long handle squeegee .	who cleans the large window using a long handle squeegee ?	man
33697	Then , the man uses a long steel wiper to clean the window from right to left .	who does then , use the long steel wiper to clean the window from right to left ?	man
33697	Then , the man uses a long steel wiper to clean the window from right to left .	who does then , the man use ?	wiper
33699	A bald man is leading an orchestra .	who is leading an orchestra ?	man
33700	Several female singers are singing while a choir of younger people sing backup .	who are singing while the choir of younger people sing backup ?	singers
33702	As the singers and musicians finish the song , the conductor waves his wand to end the music .	who does , wave his wand to end the music ?	conductor
33702	As the singers and musicians finish the song , the conductor waves his wand to end the music .	what does , the conductor wave ?	wand
33703	We see girls in a red costume gym performing a baton routine .	what is the color of the gym ?	red
33704	Three girls walk past in the background .	who walk past in the background ?	girls
33704	Three girls walk past in the background .	how many girls walk past in the background ?	three
33705	The girls next to them in pink perform their routine .	who next to them in pink perform their routine ?	girls
33706	The girls in the red uniforms finish and walk away .	what is the color of the uniforms ?	red
33710	Several clips are shown of people interacting with the bulls as well as running around and people watching .	what are shown of people interacting with the bulls as well as running around and people watching ?	clips
33711	A woman is seen kneeling over a bucket on an old tv show .	who is seen kneeling over the bucket on an old tv show ?	woman
33712	She is seen washing clothes in the bucket while looking off into the distance .	where is she seen washing clothes while looking off into the distance . ?	bucket
33714	A man stands behind a shoe counter and describes how to clean them .	who stands behind the shoe counter and describes how to clean them ?	man
33716	The man scrubs to shine the shoe and adds some polish then sprays them .	who scrubs to shine the shoe and adds some polish then sprays them ?	man
33720	A woman puts a red solo cup under a man 's nose .	who puts the red solo cup under a man 's nose ?	woman
33720	A woman puts a red solo cup under a man 's nose .	what does the woman put solo under a man 's nose ?	cup
33720	A woman puts a red solo cup under a man 's nose .	what is the color of the cup ?	red
33721	A man tosses a ping pong ball into a red solo cup .	who tosses the ping pong ball into a red solo cup ?	man
33721	A man tosses a ping pong ball into a red solo cup .	what does the man toss into a red solo cup ?	ball
33721	A man tosses a ping pong ball into a red solo cup .	what is the color of the cup ?	red
33722	The floor is shown along with a person 's foot .	what is shown along with the person 's foot ?	floor
33726	A man waves a white flag once the land .	who waves the white flag once the land ?	man
33726	A man waves a white flag once the land .	what does the man wave once the land ?	flag
33726	A man waves a white flag once the land .	what is the color of the flag ?	white
33728	A man put paint on the wall with a hose , while a person uses a flat mop to spread the paint .	who put paint on the wall with a hose , while a person uses a flat mop to spread the paint ?	man
33728	A man put paint on the wall with a hose , while a person uses a flat mop to spread the paint .	what did the man put on the wall with a hose , ?	paint
33729	Then , the man puts paint around the window .	who does then , put paint around the window ?	man
33729	Then , the man puts paint around the window .	what does then , the man put around the window ?	paint
33730	man is wearing a back wetsuit doing windsurf in a lake .	who is wearing the back wetsuit doing windsurf in a lake ?	man
33731	man is windsurfing in a lake doing tricks .	who is windsurfing in the lake doing tricks ?	man
33734	The girl begins facing the camera and brushing her teeth , leaning in to the camera at one point before leaning back to continue brushing teeth .	who begins facing the camera and brushing her teeth , leaning in to the camera at one point before leaning back to continue brushing teeth ?	girl
33735	The girl then turns towards the bathroom mirror and spits into the bathroom sink , then returns to brushing teeth and facing the camera again .	who then turns towards the bathroom mirror and spits into the bathroom sink , then returns to brushing teeth and facing the camera again ?	girl
33736	Two men talk heatedly until a man comes and separates them .	how many men talk heatedly until the man comes and separates them ?	two
33737	Number 99 leaves then goes back to finish talking .	how many leaves does number then go back to finish talking ?	99
33741	A pitcher begins to pitch .	who begins to pitch ?	pitcher
33742	A little boy walk toward the sink .	who walk toward the sink ?	boy
33743	The boy stands on front the sink and puts toothpaste on the brush , and then brush the teeth .	who stands on front the sink and puts toothpaste on the brush , and then brush the teeth ?	boy
33743	The boy stands on front the sink and puts toothpaste on the brush , and then brush the teeth .	what does the boy put on the brush , and then brush the teeth ?	toothpaste
33744	Then , the boy rinse his mouth and then show teeth and dry mouth .	then , who rinse his mouth and then show teeth and dry mouth ?	boy
33745	A camera pans all around a vacuum close up and shows a person 's feet .	what pans all around the vacuum close up and shows a person 's feet ?	camera
33748	A man is in his front yard going back and forth mowing his lawn .	who is in his front yard going back and forth mowing his lawn ?	man
33750	A recreation building is pictured and kids doing various activities ranging from basketball to swimming is shown .	what is recreation pictured and kids doing various activities ranging from basketball to swimming is shown ?	building
33750	A recreation building is pictured and kids doing various activities ranging from basketball to swimming is shown .	who is the recreation building pictured and doing various activities ranging from basketball to swimming is shown ?	kids
33751	A set of young boys are picture din the water on their backs holding up a green ball and one throws it into the goal .	what are the set of young boys the water on their backs and one throws it into the goal ?	picture
33751	A set of young boys are picture din the water on their backs holding up a green ball and one throws it into the goal .	what is the color of the ball ?	green
33753	A guy is putting a cloth shackles on a lady 's ankles .	who is putting the cloth shackles on a lady 's ankles ?	guy
33753	A guy is putting a cloth shackles on a lady 's ankles .	what is the guy putting on a lady 's ankles ?	shackles
33754	The guy positions the lady at the edge .	who positions the lady at the edge ?	guy
33755	The lady bungee jumps when the guy removes his hand .	what jumps when the guy removes his hand ?	bungee
33758	Men are doing karate moves in a gym .	where are men doing karate moves . ?	gym
33759	People are playing instruments next to them .	what are people playing next to them ?	instruments
33760	A man in a white shirt is playing the drums in front of him .	what is the man in a white shirt playing in front of him ?	drums
33760	A man in a white shirt is playing the drums in front of him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
33761	AN intro screen showing a man perform Brazilian martial arts appears on the screen .	what is showing a man perform brazilian martial arts appears on the screen ?	screen
33762	It then shows a man doing the same martial arts in slow motion on some grass in what looks like a park .	who does it then show doing the same martial arts in slow motion on some grass in what looks like a park ?	man
33763	The man spins and kicks continuously and is highly skilled .	who spins and kicks continuously and is highly skilled ?	man
33764	The video then shows another man indoors giving a thumbs up , before jumping to two other men performing on a stage .	who does the video then show , before jumping to two other men performing on a stage ?	man
33766	A man is seen sitting in front of a camera holding a harmonica in his hands .	who is seen sitting in front of a camera holding a harmonica in his hands ?	man
33767	The man then begins playing several songs while pausing in between .	who then begins playing several songs while pausing in between ?	man
33770	A boat is in the water .	what is in the water ?	boat
33771	A sail boat is in the water with people on it .	what is in the water with people on it ?	boat
33773	A woman in a white bikini stands at the bow of the boat and a man stands behind her .	who does the woman in a white bikini stand at the bow of the boat and stands behind her ?	man
33773	A woman in a white bikini stands at the bow of the boat and a man stands behind her .	what is the color of the bikini ?	white
33775	A woman lies on her back wearing a bikini on the boat .	who lies on her back wearing a bikini on the boat ?	woman
33780	People are taking pictures on the boat .	what are people taking on the boat ?	pictures
33783	A girls hops across the pavement .	who hops across the pavement ?	girls
33786	There is also a wooden deck .	what is there also ?	deck
33788	Two pieces of wrapped chocolate cake are shown as a hand adjusts and touches them .	how many pieces of wrapped chocolate cake are shown as a hand adjusts and touches them ?	two
33790	The cake is complete as a woman 's stomach with a baby foot protruding from her dress .	what is complete as the woman 's stomach with a baby foot protruding from her dress ?	cake
33791	A woman is seen hosting a news segment that leads into several clips of people measuring themselves and speaking to the camera .	who is seen hosting the news segment that leads into several clips of people measuring themselves and speaking to the camera ?	woman
33794	A boy in a white tshirt picks up his brother over head and body slams him onto the bed .	what is the color of the tshirt ?	white
33796	Two women are seen sitting in a park with one behind the other .	who are seen sitting in the park with one behind the other ?	women
33796	Two women are seen sitting in a park with one behind the other .	how many women are seen sitting in the park with one behind the other ?	two
33797	One girl begins braiding the hair of another while sitting behind .	who begins braiding the hair of another while sitting behind ?	girl
33797	One girl begins braiding the hair of another while sitting behind .	how many girl begins braiding the hair of another while sitting behind ?	one
33798	The girl finishes the hair while the other looks back to the camera .	who finishes the hair while the other looks back to the camera ?	girl
33799	A motorbike race is shown on dirt .	what is shown on dirt ?	race
33800	The preparations include scantily clad women .	who do the preparations include ?	women
33801	Motorbikes are then shown jumping and doing agility things .	what are then shown jumping and doing agility things ?	motorcycles
33802	A man gets on a red machine .	who gets on the red machine ?	man
33802	A man gets on a red machine .	what is the color of the machine ?	red
33804	The leaves blow all over the driveway .	what blow all over the driveway ?	leaves
33805	Finally the driveway is cleared of the leaves .	what is finally cleared of the leaves ?	driveway
33806	We see an opening title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
33807	We see a man in an orange shirt twirl and spin to throw the hammer over 80km .	what is the color of the twirl ?	orange
33808	Next we see a man in a blue shirt throw 73km .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
33809	We see a man in a white shirt throw 75km .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
33811	A man sits on top of a camel .	who sits on top of a camel ?	man
33812	The camel stands up and a man in front leads it .	what stands up and the man in front leads it ?	camel
33813	A red barn is seen behind them .	what is seen behind them ?	barn
33813	A red barn is seen behind them .	what is the color of the barn ?	red
33814	The camel sits back down and the man gets off .	what sits back down and the man gets off ?	camel
33814	The camel sits back down and the man gets off .	who does the camel sit back down and gets off ?	man
33815	A woman is seen standing in front of buckets and speaking to the camera .	who is seen standing in front of buckets and speaking to the camera ?	woman
33817	The woman dips the clothes into the bucket and shows where she hangs them and waving to the camera .	who dips the clothes into the bucket and shows where she hangs them and waving to the camera ?	woman
33817	The woman dips the clothes into the bucket and shows where she hangs them and waving to the camera .	what did the woman dip into the bucket ?	clothes
33818	A man carefully washes the side of a car with a sponge .	who carefully washes the side of a car with a sponge ?	man
33819	The man stands up and washes the windshield .	who stands up and washes the windshield ?	man
33819	The man stands up and washes the windshield .	what does the man wash ?	windshield
33821	A standing Asian woman wearing makeup is talking to a bunch of sitting Asian women who have no make up on their faces .	what is talking to the bunch of sitting asian women who have no make up on their faces ?	makeup
33822	The Asian woman with the make up claps and then hits a clock that has a 10 second timer .	the asian woman with the make up then hits what ?	clock
33824	Two women quickly apply makeup to their faces , but when they are done they have upset looks on their faces .	who quickly apply makeup to their faces , but when they are done they have upset looks on their faces ?	women
33824	Two women quickly apply makeup to their faces , but when they are done they have upset looks on their faces .	what do two women quickly apply to their faces , but when they are done they have upset looks on their faces ?	makeup
33824	Two women quickly apply makeup to their faces , but when they are done they have upset looks on their faces .	how many women quickly apply makeup to their faces ?	two
33825	The third woman puts make up and fake eyelashes onto a tray in front of her and then slams her face into the tray and rolls it side to side .	who puts make up and fake eyelashes onto a tray in front of her and then slams her face into the tray and rolls it side to side ?	woman
33826	When she lifts her head up her makeup is perfect and at the same time she pulls her hair out of a ponytail and shakes her hair free .	what is perfect and at the same time she pulls her hair out of a ponytail and shakes her hair free ?	makeup
33827	A man is talking in a racquetball court .	who is talking in the racquetball court ?	man
33832	They ride the rapids , going over falls and paddling as they go .	what do they ride , ?	rapids
33833	man is standing in a room playing the flute .	who is standing in the room playing the flute ?	man
33834	the man ends to play and laugh and thanks to the public .	who ends to play and laugh and thanks to the public ?	man
33835	man is wearing a blue shirt and is sitting behind the man playing the flute .	who is wearing the blue shirt and is sitting behind the man playing the flute ?	man
33835	man is wearing a blue shirt and is sitting behind the man playing the flute .	what is man wearing ?	shirt
33835	man is wearing a blue shirt and is sitting behind the man playing the flute .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
33836	A man talks to a camera from an outdoors scene by a slope .	who talks to the camera from an outdoors scene by a slope ?	man
33838	The man talks to the camera again .	who talks to the camera again ?	man
33840	The man talks to the camera once more .	who talks to the camera once more ?	man
33841	The gymnast approaches the bar with a leap .	who approaches the bar with a leap ?	gymnast
33842	She grasps the bar and begins to flip herself around the bar before leaping to the next bar and propelling herself up and over it repeatedly .	what does she grasp ?	bar
33845	The tires are taken off one of the cars .	what are taken off one of the cars ?	tires
33846	A man is seen speaking to he camera and leads into clip of his truck driving and people riding behind .	who is seen speaking to he camera and leads into clip of his truck driving and people riding behind ?	man
33847	A man speaks to the ground with a stick as they wander around a deserted area and showing off various plants and wildlife in the area .	who speaks to the ground with a stick as they wander around a deserted area and showing off various plants and wildlife in the area ?	man
33848	He puts white clothing all over his body and several others and leads into the people riding camels with others leading in front .	what does he put all over his body and several others ?	clothing
33848	He puts white clothing all over his body and several others and leads into the people riding camels with others leading in front .	what is the color of the clothing ?	white
33849	A flag is shown waving where it is stuck in the ground .	what is shown waving where it is stuck in the ground ?	flag
33851	A man shurgs at the camera as a game commences .	who shurgs at the camera as a game commences ?	man
33852	A small boy is immersed into pool water as he looks around .	who is immersed into pool water as he looks around ?	boy
33855	A woman is sitting in front of a camera .	who is sitting in front of a camera ?	woman
33858	A man is seen standing on a tennis court on one side of the fence .	who is seen standing on the tennis court on one side of the fence ?	man
33859	Another person is seen standing on the other side and then hit a ball to one another .	another person then hit what to one another ?	ball
33861	A man stands on a dock wearing a green shirt .	who stands on the dock wearing a green shirt ?	man
33861	A man stands on a dock wearing a green shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
33862	He then rides a boat with a sail .	what did he then rid with a sail ?	boat
33866	A man walks over to a small red flag .	who walks over to the small red flag ?	man
33866	A man walks over to a small red flag .	what is the color of the flag ?	red
33867	He removes the flag , then pulls a line out of the ground .	what does he remove ?	flag
33868	He pulls up a giant fish he caught .	what does he pull up ?	fish
33869	A man scuffs a shoe in the street while another person sits and watches .	who scuffs the shoe in the street while another person sits and watches ?	man
33869	A man scuffs a shoe in the street while another person sits and watches .	what does the man scuff in the street ?	shoe
33869	A man scuffs a shoe in the street while another person sits and watches .	where does the man scuff a shoe while another person sits and watches . ?	street
33871	A pregnant lady prepares a pumpkin for decoration and carving .	who prepares the pumpkin for decoration and carving ?	lady
33872	The lady places wax paper over the pumpkin and pokes holes over the wax paper drawing .	who places wax paper over the pumpkin and pokes holes over the wax paper drawing ?	lady
33872	The lady places wax paper over the pumpkin and pokes holes over the wax paper drawing .	what does the lady poke over the wax paper drawing ?	holes
33874	We see a few opening screens .	what do we see ?	screens
33876	The lady spins and catches her baton .	who spins and catches her baton ?	lady
33876	The lady spins and catches her baton .	what does the lady spin and catches ?	baton
33877	The lady flips forwards and backwards and catches her baton .	who flips forwards and backwards and catches her baton ?	lady
33877	The lady flips forwards and backwards and catches her baton .	what does the lady catch ?	baton
33878	The lady spins and catches her baton again .	who spins and catches her baton again ?	lady
33878	The lady spins and catches her baton again .	what does the lady catch again ?	baton
33879	The lady flips multiple times and catches her baton before posing .	who flips multiple times and catches her baton before posing ?	lady
33879	The lady flips multiple times and catches her baton before posing .	what does the lady catch before posing ?	baton
33883	When the ball rolls towards them , the man kicks it and runs while other players try and get into motion for the play .	, who kicks it and runs while other players try and get into motion for the play ?	man
33884	A kite is flying above a beach .	what is flying above the beach ?	kite
33886	The kite soars through the sky .	what soars through the sky ?	kite
33888	An old man plays the ukulele and a boy plays the tam-tams in the street .	who plays the ukulele and a boy plays the tam-tams in the street ?	man
33888	An old man plays the ukulele and a boy plays the tam-tams in the street .	where does an old man play the ukulele and a boy plays the tam-tams . ?	street
33892	A woman is seen walking along a field and throwing a jump rope to another .	who is seen walking along the field and throwing a jump rope to another ?	woman
33893	Several clips are followed by people jump roping in various locations as well as with each other .	what are followed by people jump roping in various locations as well as with each other ?	clips
33895	We see two men on a city street and the title loads .	how many men do we see on a city street and the title loads ?	two
33896	A man takes off his hood and talks to the camera .	who takes off his hood and talks to the camera ?	man
33899	A man falls on the railing .	who falls on the railing ?	man
33901	We see a man fall down the railing three times .	who do we see down the railing three times ?	fall
33901	We see a man fall down the railing three times .	how many times do we see a man fall down the railing ?	three
33903	A man hits a ball with a tennis racket .	who hits the ball with a tennis racket ?	man
33904	Another man joins him shortly after .	who joins him shortly after ?	man
33905	Several different angles are shown as the group of four play before an audience , hitting the ball back and forth quickly .	what are shown as the group of four play before an audience , hitting the ball back and forth quickly ?	angles
33907	A cheerleader girl stands in the grass .	who stands in the grass ?	girl
33908	A young man wearing baseball hat greats her with a pie tin and jokes with her .	who is wearing baseball hat greats her with a pie tin and jokes with her ?	man
33908	A young man wearing baseball hat greats her with a pie tin and jokes with her .	the young man wearing what greats her with a pie tin and jokes with her ?	hat
33909	The man pushes a pie tin in the girls face as a joke getting her very messy .	who pushes the pie tin in the girls face as a joke getting her very messy ?	man
33909	The man pushes a pie tin in the girls face as a joke getting her very messy .	what does the man push in the girls face as a joke getting her very messy ?	tin
33910	A girl in gymnastics class does tumbling down a red mat with team looking on .	what is the color of the mat ?	red
33911	A woman cheerleader boxes with a mascot during a football game .	who cheerleader boxes with a mascot during a football game ?	woman
33911	A woman cheerleader boxes with a mascot during a football game .	what do the woman cheerleader with a mascot during a football game ?	boxes
33912	The mascot engulfs the girl and pulls her into his uniform .	who engulfs the girl and pulls her into his uniform ?	mascot
33912	The mascot engulfs the girl and pulls her into his uniform .	who does the mascot engulf ?	girl
33915	A group of girls hoist up -LSB- a teammate to do a human pyramid .	who do the group of girls hoist up ?	teammate
33916	The teammate falls to the ground and lands on top of others .	who falls to the ground and lands on top of others ?	teammate
33917	A man in Hawaiian shirt sets up a trampoline during a basketball competition .	what does the man in hawaiian shirt set up during a basketball competition ?	trampoline
33919	The man comes back running and jumps on the trampoline but knocks the girl over while performing his stunt .	who comes back running and jumps on the trampoline but knocks the girl over while performing his stunt ?	man
33919	The man comes back running and jumps on the trampoline but knocks the girl over while performing his stunt .	who does the man knock over while performing his stunt ?	girl
33921	A cheerleader girl in black does a back hand spring and falls to the ground .	what is the color of the girl ?	black
33923	Another group of cheerleaders in the background lift up teammates when one falls over .	who do another group of cheerleaders in the background lift up ?	teammates
33924	A group of cheerleaders in blue lift up teammates in competition when one falls to the ground .	who do the group of cheerleaders in blue lift up in competition when one falls to the ground ?	teammates
33925	A girl in white shirt talks to the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
33926	the girl does a summersault but falls to the ground .	who does the summersault but falls to the ground ?	girl
33927	A girl in green shirt with friends does a high kick on a field but falls to the ground .	what is the color of the shirt ?	green
33928	A cheerleader falls to the ground while dancing with group .	who falls to the ground while dancing with group ?	cheerleader
33929	A cheerleader is lifted up into the hands of team when she falls to the ground .	who is lifted up into the hands of team when she falls to the ground ?	cheerleader
33930	A group of cheerleaders in yellow lift temmate in a pyramid but drop her .	what is the color of the lift ?	yellow
33932	One girl misses the trampoline and runs into the mat .	who misses the trampoline and runs into the mat ?	girl
33932	One girl misses the trampoline and runs into the mat .	what does one girl miss ?	trampoline
33932	One girl misses the trampoline and runs into the mat .	how many girl misses the trampoline and runs into the mat ?	one
33934	A man stands behind a bar talking to the camera .	who stands behind the bar talking to the camera ?	man
33935	The man holds a drink up and puts it down .	who holds the drink up and puts it down ?	man
33935	The man holds a drink up and puts it down .	what does the man hold up ?	drink
33936	The man adds ice to a glass and two shots of a red liquor then another .	who adds ice to a glass and two shots of a red liquor then another ?	man
33936	The man adds ice to a glass and two shots of a red liquor then another .	what is the color of the liquor ?	red
33937	The man puts a strainer on the glass and stirs the glass with a long metal stick .	who puts the strainer on the glass and stirs the glass with a long metal stick ?	man
33937	The man puts a strainer on the glass and stirs the glass with a long metal stick .	what does the man put on the glass ?	strainer
33938	The man pours it into a martini glass .	who pours it into a martini glass ?	man
33939	The man smiles and holds the drink in the air .	who smiles and holds the drink in the air ?	man
33941	The news announcer is commenting on the events .	who is commenting on the events ?	announcer
33942	The coach is then interviewed stating what the girls are working on .	who is then interviewed stating what the girls are working on ?	coach
33943	Multiple twirlers are interviewed for their point of view on why they are working so hard .	who are interviewed for their point of view on why they are working so hard ?	twirlers
33944	The coach states what she loves about the process and what is most important .	who states what she loves about the process and what is most important ?	coach
33945	The commentator announces where the competition will be help and states her name .	who announces where the competition will be help and states her name ?	commentator
33946	A flat screen television is sitting on a stand showing the television show RAW .	what is sitting on the stand showing the television show raw ?	television
33947	On the show , two men are wrestling each over moving on the ground .	how many men are on the show , wrestling each over moving on the ground ?	two
33948	The fat man then picks up the skinny guy , drops him , and stands over him .	who then picks up the skinny guy , drops him , and stands over him ?	man
33948	The fat man then picks up the skinny guy , drops him , and stands over him .	who does the fat man then pick up ?	guy
33949	A dancer stands up from a chair .	who stands up from the chair ?	dancer
33956	The camera person rides near the parking lot again .	what rides near the parking lot again ?	person
33958	A young man is seen wearing goggles and speaking to the camera followed by him jumping into the pool .	who is seen wearing goggles and speaking to the camera followed by him jumping into the pool ?	man
33959	The boy gets out and is seen once again jumping into the pool and swimming to the side to present an object .	who gets out and is seen once again jumping into the pool and swimming to the side to present an object ?	boy
33960	A man introduces the basketball concepts of the video to the camera .	who introduces the basketball concepts of the video to the camera ?	man
33963	The man returns to go over the concepts again as the video closes .	who returns to go over the concepts again as the video closes ?	man
33964	The athlete is balancing in the bean as the man took out the spring jumper .	who is balancing in the bean as the man took out the spring jumper ?	athlete
33965	The athlete did cartwheel on the beam as the crowd applauded .	who did cartwheel on the beam as the crowd applauded ?	athlete
33966	When the female athlete finished her number , she jumped off the beam cartwheeling down the blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
33971	A woman appears and disappears under the water as she swims in an olympic sized pool .	who appears and disappears under the water as she swims in an olympic sized pool ?	woman
33971	A woman appears and disappears under the water as she swims in an olympic sized pool .	where does the woman disappear under the water as she swims . ?	pool
33974	A man is seen sitting in front of a fence sitting on a skateboard and speaking to the camera .	who is seen sitting in front of a fence sitting on a skateboard and speaking to the camera ?	man
33976	Two men are standing on a basketball goal .	how many men are standing on the basketball goal ?	two
33986	A man wearing a black hat is talking .	who is wearing a black hat is talking ?	man
33986	A man wearing a black hat is talking .	the man wearing what is talking ?	hat
33986	A man wearing a black hat is talking .	what is the color of the hat ?	black
33987	A man dribbles a basketball around some cones and shoots the ball .	who dribbles the basketball around some cones and shoots the ball ?	man
33987	A man dribbles a basketball around some cones and shoots the ball .	what does the man shoot ?	ball
33988	Two people are playing basketball .	how many people are playing basketball ?	two
33989	A man is dribbling a basketball on a court .	who is dribbling the basketball on a court ?	man
33990	A man is sitting on a stool while the dog is in front of him , the dog is wearing a red leash .	who is sitting on the stool while the dog is in front of him , the dog is wearing a red leash ?	man
33990	A man is sitting on a stool while the dog is in front of him , the dog is wearing a red leash .	what is the color of the leash ?	red
33991	A white dog is hiding behind the wall .	what is hiding behind the wall ?	dog
33991	A white dog is hiding behind the wall .	what is the color of the dog ?	white
33992	A man is brushing the dog 's fur on his side first the at the back .	who is brushing the dog 's fur on his side first the at the back ?	man
33993	The man started to shave the dog 's front leg .	who started to shave the dog 's front leg ?	man
33994	A white dog is laying on the brown bed .	what is laying on the brown bed ?	dog
33994	A white dog is laying on the brown bed .	what is the color of the dog ?	white
33994	A white dog is laying on the brown bed .	what is the color of the bed ?	brown
33995	The beige dog is laying on the rug while the man is shaving the beige .	what is laying on the rug while the man is shaving the beige ?	dog
33996	We see a person in hockey gear skate onto the ice .	where do we see a person onto the ice . ?	skate
33997	Another person enters and we watch two people play hockey .	how many people do we watch play hockey ?	two
33998	We see the puck drop in front of the camera .	what do we see in front of the camera ?	drop
33999	The person knocks the goalie to the ground .	who does the person knock to the ground ?	goalie
34000	The goalie skates up to the camera .	who skates up to the camera ?	goalie
34001	A guy is giving a lesson about snow boards he puts a big rub brand on the board to hold the foot placers in place .	who is giving the lesson about snow boards he puts a big rub brand on the board to hold the foot placers in place ?	guy
34002	the guy shows the difference between snow boards and put them on a object to smoothing out the bottom of the board for better skiing .	who shows the difference between snow boards and put them on a object to smoothing out the bottom of the board for better skiing ?	guy
34003	A woman is drawing a hopscotch board on the ground in chalk .	who is drawing the hopscotch board on the ground in chalk ?	woman
34011	A man props his leg on the side of a tub .	who props his leg on the side of a tub ?	man
34015	Tubers are going down the river .	what are going down the river ?	tubers
34017	A tuber goes under a plank with a dog on it .	what goes under the plank with a dog on it ?	tuber
34018	The camera is pointed towards the sky and trees .	what is pointed towards the sky and trees ?	camera
34019	One tuber runs into branches , one stands up and falls over .	what runs into branches , one stands up and falls over ?	tuber
34019	One tuber runs into branches , one stands up and falls over .	how many tuber runs into branches , one stands up and falls over ?	one
34020	the cameraman turns circles in his tube then has a snack .	who turns circles in his tube then has a snack ?	cameraman
34020	the cameraman turns circles in his tube then has a snack .	where does the cameraman turn circles then has a snack . ?	tube
34021	One guy gets his head tangled in branches .	who gets his head tangled in branches ?	guy
34021	One guy gets his head tangled in branches .	how many guy gets his head tangled in branches ?	one
34024	A woman talking into a microphone wearing a white shirt .	who is talking into a microphone wearing a white shirt ?	woman
34024	A woman talking into a microphone wearing a white shirt .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
34025	A man is playing pool behind a blue pool table .	who is playing pool behind a blue pool table ?	man
34025	A man is playing pool behind a blue pool table .	what is the man playing behind a blue pool table ?	pool
34025	A man is playing pool behind a blue pool table .	what is the color of the table ?	blue
34026	The woman continues talking in front of the pool table .	who continues talking in front of the pool table ?	woman
34030	The man plays pool again .	who plays pool again ?	man
34030	The man plays pool again .	what does the man play again ?	pool
34033	The man and woman continue talking and the woman laughs at what the man is saying .	who do the man and woman continue and laughs at what the man is saying ?	woman
34034	The man is now teaching the woman how to shoot the pool ball while standing behind her .	who is now teaching the woman how to shoot the pool ball while standing behind her ?	man
34034	The man is now teaching the woman how to shoot the pool ball while standing behind her .	who is the man now teaching ?	woman
34035	The woman makes the shot and they celebrate with a high five .	who makes the shot and they celebrate with a high five ?	woman
34036	The man is telling the woman how to make another shot .	who is telling the woman how to make another shot ?	man
34036	The man is telling the woman how to make another shot .	who is the man telling ?	woman
34039	The woman lays down on the pool table and he shoots a ball out of her mouth .	who lays down on the pool table and he shoots a ball out of her mouth ?	woman
34040	The woman is sitting in a chair next to the pool table talking into the microphone .	who is sitting in the chair next to the pool table talking into the microphone ?	woman
34040	The woman is sitting in a chair next to the pool table talking into the microphone .	where is the woman sitting . ?	chair
34042	A man is seen recording a small child who is having her hair combed by a woman standing behind her .	who is seen recording the small child who is having her hair combed by a woman standing behind her ?	man
34043	Several people and kids watch on the side and the woman puts the girls hair into ponytails .	who do several people and kids watch on the side and puts the girls hair into ponytails ?	woman
34043	Several people and kids watch on the side and the woman puts the girls hair into ponytails .	who do several people and kids watch on the side and the woman puts into ponytails ?	hair
34044	She speaks to the camera and cuts the girls hair when the dad puts the hair on his head and makes the kids laugh .	who does she cut ?	hair
34045	The woman continues cutting her hair while others watch and speaks to the camera , followed by the woman straightening the hair and showing it off in slow motion .	who continues cutting her hair while others watch and speaks to the camera , followed by the woman straightening the hair and showing it off in slow motion ?	woman
34046	The girl holds her hair and screams in excitement at the camera .	who holds her hair and screams in excitement at the camera ?	girl
34048	The man continues to play and then pauses to speak to the camera while also demonstrating how to properly play .	who continues to play and then pauses to speak to the camera while also demonstrating how to properly play ?	man
34049	A man is cleaning the soles of his sneakers with the thin , metal end of a hose .	who is cleaning the soles of his sneakers with the thin , metal end of a hose ?	man
34050	The man places the hose back and starts to leave .	who places the hose back and starts to leave ?	man
34050	The man places the hose back and starts to leave .	what does the man place back ?	hose
34051	A man is dancing on a stage in white pants .	who is dancing on the stage in white pants ?	man
34051	A man is dancing on a stage in white pants .	what is the color of the pants ?	white
34052	Two people start dancing together on a stage .	how many people start dancing together on the stage ?	two
34053	A man does several back flips on the stage .	who does several back flips on the stage ?	man
34054	A person is playing a drum .	what is the person playing ?	drum
34057	A man mounted on a horse chases after a cow .	who mounted on a horse chases after a cow ?	man
34059	He mounts off the horse and hits the cow several times .	what does he mount off ?	horse
34059	He mounts off the horse and hits the cow several times .	what does he hit ?	cow
34060	A man stands around a fire pit , talking .	who stands around the fire pit , talking ?	man
34061	The man lights a torch .	the man lights what ?	torch
34062	The man uses the torch to light the wood in the fire pit .	who uses the torch to light the wood in the fire pit ?	man
34062	The man uses the torch to light the wood in the fire pit .	what does the man use ?	torch
34063	The man sits by the fire pit , enjoying the warmth .	who sits by the fire pit , enjoying the warmth ?	man
34064	A man in a black shirt is checking food in a sandwich shop .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
34064	A man in a black shirt is checking food in a sandwich shop .	where is the man in a black shirt checking food . ?	shop
34065	The man then moves fast to make a hoagie sandwich by adding ingredients from the bins .	who then moves fast to make the hoagie sandwich by adding ingredients from the bins ?	man
34066	The man wraps the sandwich in paper and puts it in a plastic bag .	who wraps the sandwich in paper and puts it in a plastic bag ?	man
34066	The man wraps the sandwich in paper and puts it in a plastic bag .	where does the man put it . ?	bag
34068	The man then takes the sandwich apart in the back .	who then takes the sandwich apart in the back ?	man
34072	A title screen appears for a tutorial for hockey agility .	what appears for the tutorial for hockey agility ?	screen
34074	Another title screen appear with a website just below it .	what appear with the website just below it ?	screen
34078	A woman talks while on a stair machine in a gym and shows proper footing .	who talks while on a stair machine in a gym and shows proper footing ?	woman
34079	The woman walks on aerobic machine in the gym without the handles .	who walks on aerobic machine in the gym without the handles ?	woman
34080	The woman uses the arm bars while walking on the aerobic machine .	who uses the arm bars while walking on the aerobic machine ?	woman
34080	The woman uses the arm bars while walking on the aerobic machine .	what does the woman use while walking on the aerobic machine ?	bars
34081	The woman holds the arm grips to get off the machine .	who holds the arm grips to get off the machine ?	woman
34085	The hand returns with an ink dropper and creates pictures with ink .	what does the hand create with ink ?	pictures
34086	The hand gently touches the picture with a paper towel .	what did the hand gently touch with a paper towel ?	picture
34087	The woman in black shirt is bend over and hit the ball with mallet .	what did the woman in black shirt hit with mallet ?	ball
34087	The woman in black shirt is bend over and hit the ball with mallet .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
34088	The woman hit again the green ball causing it to hit the small pole .	who hit again the green ball causing it to hit the small pole ?	woman
34088	The woman hit again the green ball causing it to hit the small pole .	what did the woman hit again causing it to hit the small pole ?	ball
34088	The woman hit again the green ball causing it to hit the small pole .	what is the color of the ball ?	green
34089	The woman in black cheered and began to walk .	what is the color of the woman ?	black
34090	A stopwatch is shown and a crowd gathers for a game of field hockey .	what is shown and the crowd gathers for a game of field hockey ?	stopwatch
34094	After that , a famous manager is highlighted and former players talk about him .	who is after that , highlighted and former players talk about him ?	manager
34095	A woman talks to a camera and then demonstrates exercises that can be done from the playground using playground equipment including monkey bars .	who talks to the camera and then demonstrates exercises that can be done from the playground using playground equipment including monkey bars ?	woman
34096	A woman in a red short sleeved shirt stands on the sand of a playground and talks facing the camera , while standing next to some monkey bars .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
34097	The woman then climbs a wall and jumps off it in a gymnastic flip into the sand and begins to talk to the camera again .	who then climbs the wall and jumps off it in a gymnastic flip into the sand and begins to talk to the camera again ?	woman
34097	The woman then climbs a wall and jumps off it in a gymnastic flip into the sand and begins to talk to the camera again .	the woman then climbs what and jumps off it in a gymnastic flip into the sand ?	wall
34098	A man is seen sitting on the sidelines followed by a large group of people playing lacrosse .	who is seen sitting on the sidelines followed by a large group of people playing lacrosse ?	man
34099	The players continue to move up and down the field past one another and many watching on the sides .	how many another and many watching do the players continue to move on the sides ?	one
34103	The marchers begin waving to the crowd and greeting the onlookers .	who begin waving to the crowd and greeting the onlookers ?	marchers
34104	A long train whistle is heard as the cadets continue to wave to the crowd .	what is heard as the cadets continue to wave to the crowd ?	whistle
34107	A man is seen standing in front of a goal holding a stick and speaking to the camera .	who is seen standing in front of a goal holding a stick and speaking to the camera ?	man
34110	A boy is drawing with chalk on concrete as he deals with the troubles of family life and school .	who is drawing with chalk on concrete as he deals with the troubles of family life and school ?	boy
34112	The young man is seen now break dancing and going through a routine .	who is seen now break dancing and going through the routine ?	man
34115	The young boy notices a note at his desk that has a picture of the hopscotch squares that says `` teach me '' followed by a smiley face .	who followed by a smiley face ?	notices
34118	The gymnast drops the weight to the floor .	who drops the weight to the floor ?	gymnast
34119	A man is shown sitting on a fence and talking to the camera while pointing out horses .	who is shown sitting on the fence and talking to the camera while pointing out horses ?	man
34120	A girl is shown riding a horse while three others hold onto the horse and help .	who is shown riding the horse while three others hold onto the horse and help ?	girl
34120	A girl is shown riding a horse while three others hold onto the horse and help .	how many others is the girl shown riding a horse while hold onto the horse and help ?	three
34122	The people also walk through obstacle courses with the horses and keep one hand on at all times .	how many hand do the people also keep on at all times ?	one
34123	The man stands in the middle applauding the riders and giving the horses direction .	who stands in the middle applauding the riders and giving the horses direction ?	man
34124	A boy smiles when he gets off the horse and several people congratulate him .	who smiles when he gets off the horse and several people congratulate him ?	boy
34125	The man finishes by talking about his camp and why you should join .	who finishes by talking about his camp and why you should join ?	man
34129	The boy continues pushing the lawn mower around while the camera watches from the side .	who continues pushing the lawn mower around while the camera watches from the side ?	boy
34130	The boy moves the mower all along the yard .	who moves the mower all along the yard ?	boy
34130	The boy moves the mower all along the yard .	what does the boy move all along the yard ?	mower
34131	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her holding up various nail polishes and beginning to a set of fake nails .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her holding up various nail polishes and beginning to a set of fake nails ?	woman
34134	The girls put on safety harnesses .	who put on safety harnesses ?	girls
34135	The group climb up the stairs to the top of the platform .	what do the group climb up to the top of the platform ?	stairs
34136	A girl stands on top of the platform with a rope and harness and prepares to jump .	who stands on top of the platform with a rope and harness and prepares to jump ?	girl
34137	A pop band is seen singing a song and dancing .	who is seen singing the song and dancing ?	band
34138	The girl jumps from the platform and bounces on the bungee cord in the air .	who jumps from the platform and bounces on the bungee cord in the air ?	girl
34139	The girl is met by the group members who congratulate her for the jump .	who is met by the group members who congratulate her for the jump ?	girl
34140	A man in a blue shirt is sweeping the floor in a gym .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
34140	A man in a blue shirt is sweeping the floor in a gym .	where is the man in a blue shirt sweeping the floor . ?	gym
34141	He flips the broom over and lays it flat on the floor .	what does he flip over ?	broom
34144	A camera shows several different ingredients laid out on a table followed by someone mixing the ingredients together .	what shows several different ingredients laid out on a table followed by someone mixing the ingredients together ?	camera
34144	A camera shows several different ingredients laid out on a table followed by someone mixing the ingredients together .	what does the camera show laid out on a table followed by someone mixing the ingredients together ?	ingredients
34145	They put the mixture on a pan to create cookies in the oven and show off the final results .	where did they put the mixture on a pan to create cookies and show off the final results . ?	oven
34146	A woman dressed in workout clothes and a jacket is walking down a hall and stops to talk about whats behind the door .	who dressed in workout clothes and a jacket is walking down a hall and stops to talk about whats behind the door ?	woman
34147	Once she opens the door , the camera pans many workout machines and the woman begins talking to the program director .	what does , pan many workout machines and the woman begins talking to the program director ?	camera
34148	After they are done talking , the young woman begins working out with the rest of the class as the trainer walks by making sure they are working out properly .	who does , begin working out with the rest of the class as the trainer walks by making sure they are working out properly ?	woman
34150	Four guys are throwing golf balls across a table to hit plastic cups .	who are throwing golf balls across a table to hit plastic cups ?	guys
34150	Four guys are throwing golf balls across a table to hit plastic cups .	what are four guys throwing golf across a table to hit plastic cups ?	balls
34150	Four guys are throwing golf balls across a table to hit plastic cups .	how many guys are throwing golf balls across a table to hit plastic cups ?	four
34151	Two guys high five after one guy gets the golf ball into the plastic cup .	who high five after one guy gets the golf ball into the plastic cup ?	guys
34151	Two guys high five after one guy gets the golf ball into the plastic cup .	what does two guys high five after one guy get golf into the plastic cup ?	ball
34151	Two guys high five after one guy gets the golf ball into the plastic cup .	how many guys high five after one guy gets the golf ball into the plastic cup ?	two
34152	Guys point at the camera and laugh .	who point at the camera and laugh ?	guys
34153	A guy takes the golf ball out of the cup and attempts to drink the liquid .	who takes the golf ball out of the cup and attempts to drink the liquid ?	guy
34154	A guy throws a golf ball with his back toward the table , lands it inside the cup , and leaves the room .	who throws the golf ball with his back toward the table , lands it inside the cup , and leaves the room ?	guy
34154	A guy throws a golf ball with his back toward the table , lands it inside the cup , and leaves the room .	what does the guy throw golf with his back toward the table ?	ball
34154	A guy throws a golf ball with his back toward the table , lands it inside the cup , and leaves the room .	what does the guy leave ?	room
34155	The guys celebrate and give high fives .	who celebrate and give high fives ?	guys
34157	The person then wipes a rag all over the pumpkin cleaning off its sides .	what does the person then wipe all over the pumpkin cleaning off its sides ?	rag
34158	A man slowly walks over and takes some equipment off of the wall as some dramatic music plays .	who slowly walks over and takes some equipment off of the wall as some dramatic music plays ?	man
34159	He sets up the bow and gets his arrows .	what does he set up ?	bow
34161	He pulls out an arrow and and sets it in his bow .	where does he set it . ?	bow
34164	Four people plays soccer table indoors .	how many people plays soccer table indoors ?	four
34165	A man shows a ball on a stick and demonstrates the movement of the ball on the soccer table .	who shows the ball on a stick and demonstrates the movement of the ball on the soccer table ?	man
34165	A man shows a ball on a stick and demonstrates the movement of the ball on the soccer table .	what does the man show on a stick ?	ball
34166	Then the mans shows the ball to the players , and one of them grab the ball and others play .	who does then show the ball to the players , and one of them grab the ball and others play ?	mans
34166	Then the mans shows the ball to the players , and one of them grab the ball and others play .	what does then the mans show to the players , and one of them grab the ball and others play ?	ball
34167	A man is seen sitting on a bench with other wiping his ear down with cleaner .	who is seen sitting on the bench with other wiping his ear down with cleaner ?	man
34168	The man looks at his phone while the other then begins piercing his ears .	who looks at his phone while the other then begins piercing his ears ?	man
34169	The man puts an earring in each hole while still speaking to the man and shoving off his earring .	who puts an earring in each hole while still speaking to the man and shoving off his earring ?	man
34172	Finally , the use of cloths by the workers smooths and shines the skis .	what does finally , the use of cloths by the workers smooth and shines ?	skis
34175	The female then uses the rag to rub the inside of the sink .	what does the female then use ?	rag
34176	The same female then uses a different rag to rub the sink surface .	what does the same female then use ?	rag
34177	The female puts more cleaner on the rag and cleans the counter top .	what does the female put on the rag ?	cleaner
34178	A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him presenting various objects and sharpening a knife on a board .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him presenting various objects and sharpening a knife on a board ?	man
34179	The man demonstrates how to properly sharpen the knife using the tools and his hands while continuing to sharpen the knife on the board .	who demonstrates how to properly sharpen the knife using the tools and his hands while continuing to sharpen the knife on the board ?	man
34180	A woman talks and shows a little bottle .	who talks and shows the little bottle ?	woman
34180	A woman talks and shows a little bottle .	what does the woman talk and shows ?	bottle
34181	Then , the woman put on her eyes white contact lenses and continues explaining .	then , who put on her eyes white contact lenses and continues explaining ?	woman
34181	Then , the woman put on her eyes white contact lenses and continues explaining .	what is the color of the lenses ?	white
34183	They kick and push each other down .	what do they kick and push ?	down
34184	A screen of stars in a black sky are shown .	what is the color of the sky ?	black
34186	The man catches the calf and ties it up .	who catches the calf and ties it up ?	man
34186	The man catches the calf and ties it up .	what does the man catch ?	calf
34187	A man wearing a black shirt is demonstrating how to polish wood and other surfaces using liquid polish and a white soft cloth .	who is wearing a black shirt is demonstrating how to polish wood and other surfaces using liquid polish and a white soft cloth ?	man
34187	A man wearing a black shirt is demonstrating how to polish wood and other surfaces using liquid polish and a white soft cloth .	the man wearing what is demonstrating how to polish wood and other surfaces using liquid polish and a white soft cloth ?	shirt
34187	A man wearing a black shirt is demonstrating how to polish wood and other surfaces using liquid polish and a white soft cloth .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
34187	A man wearing a black shirt is demonstrating how to polish wood and other surfaces using liquid polish and a white soft cloth .	what is the color of the cloth ?	white
34188	He pours some of the polish from the bottle onto the cloth and uses it to gently scrub ad rub it over the furniture and tabletop .	how many ad does he use it to gently rub it over the furniture and tabletop ?	scrub
34190	A dog pushes a stroller down the sidewalk .	what pushes the stroller down the sidewalk ?	dog
34190	A dog pushes a stroller down the sidewalk .	who does the dog push down the sidewalk ?	stroller
34191	A person in white passes the tree .	what does the person in white pass ?	tree
34191	A person in white passes the tree .	what is the color of the person ?	white
34192	The dog passes a small tree .	what passes the small tree ?	dog
34192	The dog passes a small tree .	what does the dog pass ?	tree
34193	A man does several back flips on a red mat .	who does several back flips on a red mat ?	man
34193	A man does several back flips on a red mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	red
34194	A woman in a black shirt watches him go by and claps .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
34197	An athlete is then seen spinning around in circles and throwing an object off into the distance .	who is then seen spinning around in circles and throwing an object off into the distance ?	athlete
34200	A young boy is sitting outdoors on a wooden bench and drumming on a drum set that is made out of steel plates , cans and pots .	who is sitting outdoors on a wooden bench and drumming on a drum set that is made out of steel plates , cans and pots ?	boy
34201	A man just walked past him while the boy was drumming loudly .	who just walked past him while the boy was drumming loudly ?	man
34204	The screen shows details of how to subscribe to the channel .	what shows details of how to subscribe to the channel ?	screen
34205	A man is seen standing by the water holding an axe in one hand and a block of wood in the other .	who is seen standing by the water holding an axe in one hand and a block of wood in the other ?	man
34206	The man continues cutting wood while the camera pans to other people in the room and a woman speaking to the camera .	who continues cutting wood while the camera pans to other people in the room and a woman speaking to the camera ?	man
34207	The man is then shown moving the grass again and when he 's done he 's once again indoors and this time getting three one dollar bills handed to him .	who is then shown moving the grass again and when he 's done he 's once again indoors and this time getting three one dollar bills handed to him ?	man
34207	The man is then shown moving the grass again and when he 's done he 's once again indoors and this time getting three one dollar bills handed to him .	when he 's done he 's once again indoors and this time getting how many dollar bills handed to him ?	one
34209	The man goes back to mowing the yard and then back indoors to get one more dollar handed to him .	who goes back to mowing the yard and then back indoors to get one more dollar handed to him ?	man
34209	The man goes back to mowing the yard and then back indoors to get one more dollar handed to him .	how many more dollar does the man go back to mowing the yard and then back indoors to get handed to him ?	one
34210	The man is very happy about this and he 's back in the yard celebrating by jumping and mowing the yard a little more .	who is very happy about this and he 's back in the yard celebrating by jumping and mowing the yard a little more ?	man
34211	We see a man talking in a bike ship .	who do we see talking in a bike ship ?	man
34212	the man points at a bike .	who points at the bike ?	man
34213	The man takes off the handlebars on a bike and adjusts them .	who takes off the handlebars on a bike and adjusts them ?	man
34214	The man puts the handlebars back on .	who puts the handlebars back on ?	man
34214	The man puts the handlebars back on .	what does the man put back on ?	handlebars
34215	The man moves to the front of the bike to adjust the handlebars .	who moves to the front of the bike to adjust the handlebars ?	man
34216	The man then finishes tightening the bolt on the handlebar .	who then finishes tightening the bolt on the handlebar ?	man
34217	The man steps back when finished .	who steps back when finished ?	man
34218	Two men talk to the camera , interspersed with action footage of them playing lacrosse .	how many men talk to the camera , interspersed with action footage of them playing lacrosse ?	two
34219	The man dressed in orange talks to the camera .	who dressed in orange talks to the camera ?	man
34219	The man dressed in orange talks to the camera .	what is the color of the talks ?	orange
34221	The man in orange talks to the camera again .	what is the color of the talks ?	orange
34224	The man is briefly interrupted by a scene of him passing the ball against the wall .	who is briefly interrupted by the scene of him passing the ball against the wall ?	man
34225	The two man practice passing the ball to each other with the wall .	who is passing the ball to each other with the wall ?	practice
34225	The two man practice passing the ball to each other with the wall .	what is the two man practice passing to each other with the wall ?	ball
34225	The two man practice passing the ball to each other with the wall .	how many man practice is passing the ball to each other with the wall ?	two
34227	A woman is seen sitting down on a string while others watch around her .	who is seen sitting down on the string while others watch around her ?	woman
34228	A man is shown speaking to the camera while others take their turns balance on the rope .	who is shown speaking to the camera while others take their turns balance on the rope ?	man
34230	A woman is seen walking up to a door and smiling to the camera while hanging up her coat .	who is seen walking up to the door and smiling to the camera while hanging up her coat ?	woman
34231	She puts an apron on and pours paint into a bucket while speaking to the camera .	what does she put on ?	apron
34231	She puts an apron on and pours paint into a bucket while speaking to the camera .	what does she pour into a bucket while speaking to the camera ?	paint
34233	A woman is seen sitting in a chair while speaking to the camera and leads into a close up of a tree and the woman putting ornaments on .	who is seen sitting in the chair while speaking to the camera and leads into a close up of a tree and the woman putting ornaments on ?	woman
34233	A woman is seen sitting in a chair while speaking to the camera and leads into a close up of a tree and the woman putting ornaments on .	where is the woman seen sitting while speaking to the camera and leads into a close up of a tree and the woman putting ornaments on . ?	chair
34234	The woman ties string all along the tree while the camera pans around and ends with her showing off the end result and speaking to the camera .	who ties string all along the tree while the camera pans around and ends with her showing off the end result and speaking to the camera ?	woman
34234	The woman ties string all along the tree while the camera pans around and ends with her showing off the end result and speaking to the camera .	what does the woman tie all along the tree ?	string
34235	A teen sits in a chair talking .	who sits in the chair talking ?	teen
34236	The boy stands and we see him bouncing on a slackline in various locations .	who stands and we see him bouncing on a slackline in various locations ?	boy
34238	The boy almost falls and steadys himself .	who almost falls and steadys himself ?	boy
34239	The boy gets off and walks away .	who gets off and walks away ?	boy
34240	The boy walks to the camera and gestures with his hands .	who walks to the camera and gestures with his hands ?	boy
34241	A black intro screen appears with white words and letters saying `` Eric Bristow 's unique TV ` Robin Hood ' Darts shot 1983 vs J Wilson '' .	what appears with white words and letters saying `` eric bristow 's unique tv ` robin hood ' darts shot 1983 vs j wilson '' ?	screen
34241	A black intro screen appears with white words and letters saying `` Eric Bristow 's unique TV ` Robin Hood ' Darts shot 1983 vs J Wilson '' .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
34242	An older looking video begins and two different men are throwing darts at a dartboard .	how many different men are throwing darts at a dartboard ?	two
34243	When the men are done throwing darts , a dartboard is show and blue letters scroll up from the bottom to the top .	what is , show and blue letters scroll up from the bottom to the top ?	dartboard
34245	Water is brought to a boil in a pot and the pasta is added to the pot .	what is water brought to a boil in a pot and is added to the pot ?	pasta
34246	Parsley is finely chopped along with some garlic , and the clams are drained into a bowl to separate them from the juice .	what is parsley finely chopped along with some garlic , and are drained into a bowl to separate them from the juice ?	clams
34247	The pasta is drained and added into the pan with the sauce .	what is drained and added into the pan with the sauce ?	pasta
34248	The pasta is then served with shredded cheese on top .	what is then served with shredded cheese on top ?	pasta
34251	A girl walks up the the center of the stage and messes with her feet and gets in position .	who walks up the the center of the stage and messes with her feet and gets in position ?	girl
34257	We see a man water skiing .	who do we see ?	skiing
34259	The man jumps over to the right .	who jumps over to the right ?	man
34260	The man is bending down on the surfboard .	who is bending down on the surfboard ?	man
34261	The man performs a flip .	who performs the flip ?	man
34263	The woman sets the iron aside and flips the clothing .	who sets the iron aside and flips the clothing ?	woman
34263	The woman sets the iron aside and flips the clothing .	what does the woman flip ?	clothing
34264	The woman uses the iron on the other side of the clothing .	who uses the iron on the other side of the clothing ?	woman
34265	The woman sets the iron aside .	who sets the iron aside ?	woman
34266	A man is sipping a drink on the beach .	who is sipping the drink on the beach ?	man
34267	A girl is applying squirts of suntan lotion onto their bodies .	who is applying squirts of suntan lotion onto their bodies ?	girl
34269	Various ingredients are laid out on a table and leads into a person pouring the ingredients into a bowl .	what are laid out on the table and leads into a person pouring the ingredients into a bowl ?	ingredients
34271	A woman begins talking to the camera smiling and leads into her coming another woman 's hair .	who begins talking to the camera smiling and leads into her coming another woman 's hair ?	woman
34273	Two people lift a large weight over their heads .	how many people lift the large weight over their heads ?	two
34276	Two cars are seen parked outside of a garage as a man focuses his camera .	what are seen parked outside of the garage as a man focuses his camera ?	cars
34276	Two cars are seen parked outside of a garage as a man focuses his camera .	how many cars are seen parked outside of the garage as a man focuses his camera ?	two
34277	Once the camera is sin position , a man is shown with a steel mask on as he beats a piece on a concrete .	who is , shown with the steel mask on as he beats a piece on a concrete ?	man
34278	The piece is on the concrete and he puts the bottom of the mask on and begins burning the metal .	what is on the concrete and he puts the bottom of the mask on and begins burning the metal ?	piece
34282	A man is buffing down his skis in a garage .	who is buffing down his skis in a garage ?	man
34282	A man is buffing down his skis in a garage .	where is the man buffing down his skis . ?	garage
34285	A man is helping a little girl go down a slide .	who is helping the little girl go down a slide ?	man
34287	She climbs up the side of the playground and goes down the slide again .	what does she go down again ?	slide
34289	One runner makes his way down the track and jumps into a large sand pit and walks away .	who makes his way down the track and jumps into a large sand pit and walks away ?	runner
34289	One runner makes his way down the track and jumps into a large sand pit and walks away .	how many runner makes his way down the track and jumps into a large sand pit and walks away ?	one
34290	A man in red runs jumps and flips over an obstacle .	what is the color of the runs ?	red
34294	A woman wearing number 177 is standing in place , she crosses her heart and get prepared to run .	who 177 is standing in place , she crosses her heart and get prepared to run ?	number
34297	She bends over and fixes her uniform , dusting off her bottom as she walks away .	what is she fixes ?	uniform
34300	The man lifts his hands up in the air and starts to stop his roller blades .	who lifts his hands up in the air and starts to stop his roller blades ?	man
34301	The man in the corner kicks the ball straight into the net .	what does the man in the corner kick straight into the net ?	ball
34305	One of the players kicks the ball into the stands and walks off with his head down .	what does one of the players kick into the stands ?	ball
34311	The two men walk back on to the court as the group starts talking again around the court floor and edge .	how many men walk back on to the court as the group starts talking again around the court floor and edge ?	two
34314	The camera moves around the man 's back .	what moves around the man 's back ?	camera
34316	The man then looks up and speaks .	who then looks up and speaks ?	man
34320	A man is seated at the front of a church and plays a song on an accordion .	who is seated at the front of a church and plays a song on an accordion ?	man
34321	The man goes all the way down the scale than back up at the end of the song .	who goes all the way down the scale than back up at the end of the song ?	man
34322	The man finishes the song and smiles .	who finishes the song and smiles ?	man
34323	A man is seen riding on a skateboard down a hill on his head .	who is seen riding on the skateboard down a hill on his head ?	man
34326	A man is seen kneeling onto a floor holding a bit of carpet and speaking to the camera .	who is seen kneeling onto the floor holding a bit of carpet and speaking to the camera ?	man
34327	He peels off the layers and begins rubbing down the carpet .	what does he peel off ?	layers
34329	Finally the person vacuums up the carpet and is seen standing next to the vacuum .	what does finally the person vacuum up ?	carpet
34330	Three people are in the gym , one of the males is kneeling down and jerking a bar while the other is giving a massage to a woman .	how many people are in the gym ?	three
34330	Three people are in the gym , one of the males is kneeling down and jerking a bar while the other is giving a massage to a woman .	where are three people , one of the males is kneeling down and jerking a bar while the other is giving a massage to a woman . ?	gym
34331	The male with the bar lifts the weights , drops it and then jumps in joy that he has lifted the weight , drops his belt and walks off .	what does the male with the bar drop ?	belt
34332	A young child is seen adjusting the camera and showing off her face .	who is seen adjusting the camera and showing off her face ?	child
34333	She grabs some makeup and begins putting it all over her face .	what does she grab ?	makeup
34335	A man sprints down a track .	who sprints down the track ?	man
34336	The man jumps at the end of the track .	who jumps at the end of the track ?	man
34337	The man 's jump is shown from different angles an in slow motion .	who jump is shown from different angles an in slow motion ?	man
34338	A camera pans around large city buildings and leads into people riding motocross bikes .	what pans around large city buildings and leads into people riding motocross bikes ?	camera
34339	More clips are seen of people performing tricks on the bike while hundreds watch on the sidelines .	what are seen of people performing tricks on the bike while hundreds watch on the sidelines ?	clips
34342	A man talks to the camera and laughs .	who talks to the camera and laughs ?	man
34344	Four people are doing situps on the ground .	how many people are doing situps on the ground ?	four
34348	They release a calf from a box .	what do they release from a box ?	calf
34351	The man temporarily stops the drill to pull off a small piece of potato and a long piece of metal is shown sticking out of the drill .	who temporarily stops the drill to pull off a small piece of potato and a long piece of metal is shown sticking out of the drill ?	man
34351	The man temporarily stops the drill to pull off a small piece of potato and a long piece of metal is shown sticking out of the drill .	what does the man temporarily stop and a long piece of metal is shown sticking out of the drill ?	drill
34352	The man then puts another potato onto the pointy metal piece and continues to peel the potato .	who then puts another potato onto the pointy metal piece and continues to peel the potato ?	man
34352	The man then puts another potato onto the pointy metal piece and continues to peel the potato .	what does the man then put onto the pointy metal piece ?	potato
34353	Once again he stops and then cleans off his peeler and then returns back to peeling the rest of the potato .	once again he then cleans off his who and then returns back to peeling the rest of the potato ?	peeler
34354	The man stops the drill for the last time , lets it go and cleans the peeler once more with both hands as he throws the contents into the sink and .	who stops the drill for the last time , lets it go and cleans the peeler once more with both hands as he throws the contents into the sink and ?	man
34355	A lady gets up from her seat and we see the orchestra playing music .	who gets up from her seat and we see the orchestra playing music ?	lady
34356	The woman does a belly dancing routine on the stage .	who does the belly dancing routine on the stage ?	woman
34359	We then see the woman next to the man .	who do we then see next to the man ?	woman
34360	The woman finishes her dance and picks up her wrap .	who finishes her dance and picks up her wrap ?	woman
34360	The woman finishes her dance and picks up her wrap .	what does the woman pick up ?	wrap
34361	We see a somber lady holding a microphone .	who do we see holding a microphone ?	lady
34361	We see a somber lady holding a microphone .	we see a somber lady holding what ?	microphone
34362	A young man in blue t-shirt walks through small dance studio room .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	blue
34363	The young man sets his stereo down on a chair .	who sets his stereo down on a chair ?	man
34363	The young man sets his stereo down on a chair .	what does the young man set down on a chair ?	stereo
34364	The man young man warms up and does a one handed handstand .	who warms up and does the one handed handstand ?	man
34365	The man does a break dance routine doing hand stands and spins .	who does the break dance routine doing hand stands and spins ?	man
34367	A big man dressed as batman is running around doing weird nonsensical stuff .	who dressed as batman is running around doing weird nonsensical stuff ?	man
34369	He is cutting up cheese and adding ham to the sandwich .	what is he cutting up and adding ham to the sandwich ?	cheese
34369	He is cutting up cheese and adding ham to the sandwich .	what is he cutting up cheese and adding to the sandwich ?	ham
34370	He even cuts the bread into a batman shape before finally doing being done .	what does he even cut into a batman shape before finally doing being done ?	bread
34371	Two men are in a small gym boxing and fighting one another .	how many men are in the small gym boxing and fighting one another ?	two
34373	After some time , they finish fighting and stand still across from one another in the gym .	where do after some time , they stand across from one another . ?	gym
34375	A woman then begins to report a news story .	who then begins to report the news story ?	woman
34376	A young boy plays the harmonica on the street .	who plays the harmonica on the street ?	boy
34378	A man is shown on camera doing several moves with his arms and legs while smiling into the camera .	who is shown on camera doing several moves with his arms and legs while smiling into the camera ?	man
34380	A woman is bathing a white and brown puppy dog in a bathtub .	who is bathing the white and brown puppy dog in a bathtub ?	woman
34380	A woman is bathing a white and brown puppy dog in a bathtub .	where is the woman bathing a white and brown puppy dog . ?	bathtub
34381	the woman is using a hand held shower to wash the dog .	who is using the hand held shower to wash the dog ?	woman
34382	The woman is holding the dog with its two front legs .	who is holding the dog with its two front legs ?	woman
34382	The woman is holding the dog with its two front legs .	what is the woman holding with its two front legs ?	dog
34385	They are drinking and playing beer pong .	what are they drinking and playing ?	pong
34391	The yellow team on the left side pulls the rope mostly to the left or wins .	what does the yellow team on the left side pull mostly to the left ?	rope
34391	The yellow team on the left side pulls the rope mostly to the left or wins .	what is the color of the team ?	yellow
34392	An adult grabs the arm of a blue team member .	who grabs the arm of a blue team member ?	adult
34392	An adult grabs the arm of a blue team member .	what is the color of the member ?	blue
34395	A camera pans out on a man 's back followed by a man performing a flipping dive into a pool .	what pans out on the man 's back followed by a man performing a flipping dive into a pool ?	camera
34396	He is shown twice more performing impressing dives off the diving board and into the pool .	what is he shown off the diving board and into the pool ?	dives
34397	A man is doing a rubiks cube behind a table .	who is doing the rubiks cube behind a table ?	man
34397	A man is doing a rubiks cube behind a table .	what is the man doing behind a table ?	cube
34399	He picks up another rubiks cube and starts completing it .	what does he pick up ?	cube
34400	A blond woman is sitting on a bed in a hotel room videotaping her self in a mirror with a white phone and talking to the camera .	who is sitting on the bed in a hotel room videotaping her self in a mirror with a white phone and talking to the camera ?	woman
34400	A blond woman is sitting on a bed in a hotel room videotaping her self in a mirror with a white phone and talking to the camera .	what is the color of the phone ?	white
34401	the woman stands up and points the camera to the door into the bathroom where a man is washing his sneakers in the sink with a brush .	who stands up and points the camera to the door into the bathroom where a man is washing his sneakers in the sink with a brush ?	woman
34401	the woman stands up and points the camera to the door into the bathroom where a man is washing his sneakers in the sink with a brush .	what does the woman point ?	camera
34402	The blond woman walks back into the room and shows all the various pairs of sneakers the man has laying all over the hotel room .	who walks back into the room and shows all the various pairs of sneakers the man has laying all over the hotel room ?	woman
34403	The blond woman walks back into the bathroom and video tapes the man holding the white sneakers .	who walks back into the bathroom and video tapes the man holding the white sneakers ?	woman
34403	The blond woman walks back into the bathroom and video tapes the man holding the white sneakers .	who does the blond woman walk back into the bathroom and video tapes holding the white sneakers ?	man
34403	The blond woman walks back into the bathroom and video tapes the man holding the white sneakers .	the blond woman walks back into the bathroom and video tapes the man holding what ?	sneakers
34403	The blond woman walks back into the bathroom and video tapes the man holding the white sneakers .	what is the color of the sneakers ?	white
34404	The man is now outside putting polish and plastic tape on the sneakers and he is detailing them with a toothbrush .	who is now outside putting polish and plastic tape on the sneakers and he is detailing them with a toothbrush ?	man
34407	The camera pans around the group playing drums while people them on the side .	what pans around the group playing drums while people them on the side ?	camera
34408	An athlete spins and throws a shot put on a large playing field of a stadium .	who spins and throws the shot put on a large playing field of a stadium ?	athlete
34409	The man celebrates and gives a thumbs up .	who celebrates and gives the thumbs up ?	man
34410	A second athlete in grey shirt throws a shotput .	what is the color of the shirt ?	gray
34412	A large man in yellow shirt and headband spins and throws a shut put that veers to the left of the field .	where does the large man spin and throws a shut put that veers to the left of the field . ?	headband
34413	The man is pleased with his shot and pumps his fist .	who is pleased with his shot and pumps his fist ?	man
34414	The man gives high fives to his team mates .	who gives high fives to his team mates ?	man
34416	The man awaits his score standing on the track among other athletes in the background .	who awaits his score standing on the track among other athletes in the background ?	man
34417	A young man clips the hair of several older men in an outdoor barber chair .	who clips the hair of several older men in an outdoor barber chair ?	man
34417	A young man clips the hair of several older men in an outdoor barber chair .	where did the young man clip the hair of several older men . ?	chair
34418	The man cutting hair is inside a barber shop talking .	who is inside the barber shop talking ?	hair
34420	The man is seen again cutting a mans hair in the outdoor barber chair .	who is seen again cutting the mans hair in the outdoor barber chair ?	man
34420	The man is seen again cutting a mans hair in the outdoor barber chair .	where is the man seen again cutting a mans hair . ?	chair
34421	A man is pouring shots of alcohol into a blender .	who is pouring shots of alcohol into a blender ?	man
34422	He blends the drink together .	what does he blend together ?	drink
34423	He puts orange slices on two glasses .	what does he put on two glasses ?	slices
34423	He puts orange slices on two glasses .	what is the color of the slices ?	orange
34429	Two workers are shown at a shop outdoors .	who are shown at the shop outdoors ?	workers
34429	Two workers are shown at a shop outdoors .	how many workers are shown at the shop outdoors ?	two
34431	They then rinse the cars and wipe them clean .	what do they then rinse ?	cars
34432	The final product is shown as a clean , shiny italian car .	what is shown as the clean , shiny italian car ?	product
34433	A man in a red polo shirt demonstrates the Kleva Sharp sharpener .	what does the man in a red polo shirt demonstrate ?	sharpener
34433	A man in a red polo shirt demonstrates the Kleva Sharp sharpener .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
34434	He sharpens a dull butcher knife and cuts a tomato .	what does he sharpen ?	knife
34434	He sharpens a dull butcher knife and cuts a tomato .	what does he cut ?	tomato
34435	The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices .	the man in the red polo shirt then sharpens what and then he cuts a cucumber into slices ?	knife
34435	The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices .	what does the man in the red polo shirt cut into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices ?	tomato
34435	The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices .	the man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts what into slices ?	cucumber
34435	The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
34436	The man demonstrating the Kleva Sharpener , he sharpens a garden clipper and slices a carrot .	who is demonstrating the kleva sharpener , he sharpens a garden clipper and slices a carrot ?	man
34437	The demonstrator then sharpens a serated bread knife and slices a loaf of bread .	who then sharpens the serated bread knife and slices a loaf of bread ?	demonstrator
34437	The demonstrator then sharpens a serated bread knife and slices a loaf of bread .	what does the demonstrator then sharpen ?	knife
34439	The Kleva Sharpener is dismounted from the table and stored in a cabinet drawer .	where is the kleva sharpener dismounted from the table and stored . ?	drawer
34442	A woman is speaking while standing next to an elliptical trainer .	who is speaking while standing next to an elliptical trainer ?	woman
34445	A man is shown on a bike riding across the snow .	who is shown on the bike riding across the snow ?	man
34446	Then another group of people are riding in a cart through the snow .	where are then another group of people riding . ?	cart
34447	Three skiers are pictured on top of a mountain of a snow and they begin skiing .	who are pictured on top of a mountain of a snow and they begin skiing ?	skiers
34447	Three skiers are pictured on top of a mountain of a snow and they begin skiing .	how many skiers are pictured on top of a mountain of a snow ?	three
34448	A skier is then panned up and down holding a set of skiis as well as people on mountain bikes and they begin racing .	who is then panned up and down holding the set of skiis as well as people on mountain bikes and they begin racing ?	skier
34449	A woman puts rollers to a young lady , combing a portion of the hair and then coil on a roller .	who puts rollers to a young lady , combing a portion of the hair and then coil on a roller ?	woman
34450	The young lady raise her left hand to pass a roller to the woman while taking .	who raise her left hand to pass a roller to the woman while taking ?	lady
34451	The young lady put a towel on front her face .	who put the towel on front her face ?	lady
34451	The young lady put a towel on front her face .	what did the young lady put on front her face ?	towel
34453	A woman uses an attachment to suck the wrinkles out of a shirt .	who uses an attachment to suck the wrinkles out of a shirt ?	woman
34455	We see a man in the upper corner and out over the hood of a car while driving .	who do we see in the upper corner and out over the hood of a car while driving ?	man
34456	The car stops at an intersection .	what stops at an intersection ?	car
34457	The car makes a u-turn .	what makes the u-turn ?	car
34458	The man drives into a car wash and gets out .	who drives into the car wash and gets out ?	man
34459	The man pressure washes ice off his car and continues rinsing his car .	who washes ice off his car and continues rinsing his car ?	pressure
34460	The man shows his wet car .	who shows his wet car ?	man
34460	The man shows his wet car .	what does the man show ?	car
34461	man is talking to the camera is a snowy day outside a house .	who is a snowy day outside a house ?	man
34462	man is holding a shovel and cleaning the path from the snow .	who is holding the shovel and cleaning the path from the snow ?	man
34462	man is holding a shovel and cleaning the path from the snow .	what is man holding and cleaning the path from the snow ?	shovel
34463	little kid is wearing red snow clothes and is standing nxt to a car .	who is wearing red snow clothes and is standing nxt to a car ?	kid
34463	little kid is wearing red snow clothes and is standing nxt to a car .	what is little kid wearing ?	clothes
34463	little kid is wearing red snow clothes and is standing nxt to a car .	what is the color of the clothes ?	red
34464	the man stops and is again talking to the camera with the shovel on his hands .	who stops and is again talking to the camera with the shovel on his hands ?	man
34465	A lady in a black tank top gives instruction on how to blow dry a girl 's hair wearing a blue t-shirt .	who does the lady in a black tank top give instruction on how to blow dry hair ?	girl
34465	A lady in a black tank top gives instruction on how to blow dry a girl 's hair wearing a blue t-shirt .	what is the color of the top ?	black
34465	A lady in a black tank top gives instruction on how to blow dry a girl 's hair wearing a blue t-shirt .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	blue
34466	The hair stylist first places a liquid in her hand and rubs it into the models hair and then brushes clients hair .	who first places the liquid in her hand and rubs it into the models hair and then brushes clients hair ?	stylist
34466	The hair stylist first places a liquid in her hand and rubs it into the models hair and then brushes clients hair .	who does the hair stylist first rub it into the models hair and then brushes ?	hair
34467	The lady in the black tank top uses the blow drier while combing the hair with a brush .	what is the color of the top ?	black
34469	A man wearing a blue shirt and a man wearing a dart shirt enter a stage surrounded by a crowd .	who is wearing a blue shirt and a man wearing a dart shirt enter a stage surrounded by a crowd ?	man
34469	A man wearing a blue shirt and a man wearing a dart shirt enter a stage surrounded by a crowd .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
34470	The two men competes paper , scissors and rock on front a judge .	how many men competes paper , scissors and rock on front a judge ?	two
34471	The two men continues competing while the judge gives the start .	how many men continues competing while the judge gives the start ?	two
34472	Then , the two men continue competing , after the man wearing dark shirt wins the competition and people cheers .	how many men do then , continue competing , after the man wearing dark shirt wins the competition and people cheers ?	two
34473	man is sitting on a seat of the car watching by the window .	who is sitting on the seat of the car watching by the window ?	man
34474	man is snowboarding on snowy slope making high jumps .	who is snowboarding on snowy slope making high jumps ?	man
34477	Guys play polo sport on a dirt arena .	who play polo sport on a dirt arena ?	guys
34480	A woman is then interviewed followed by several pictures of mushrooms and people speaking with one another .	who is then interviewed followed by several pictures of mushrooms and people speaking with one another ?	woman
34481	A doctor examines a man and interviews the camera followed by people using household products and interviewing the reporter .	who examines the man and interviews the camera followed by people using household products and interviewing the reporter ?	doctor
34482	We see an opening screen on white .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
34483	We see a lady sitting on the floor with a shoe , bucket of water , brush and soap .	who do we see sitting on the floor with a shoe , bucket of water , brush and soap ?	lady
34484	The lady shows us the items one at a time .	who shows us the items one at a time ?	lady
34487	The lady puts her shoe in the bucket and scrubs it with a the brush .	who puts her shoe in the bucket and scrubs it with a the brush ?	lady
34487	The lady puts her shoe in the bucket and scrubs it with a the brush .	what does the lady put in the bucket ?	shoe
34487	The lady puts her shoe in the bucket and scrubs it with a the brush .	where does the lady put her shoe . ?	bucket
34489	We see a radiator illustration .	what do we see ?	illustration
34490	The lady picks up the soap and we see an illustration of a shelf .	who picks up the soap and we see an illustration of a shelf ?	lady
34490	The lady picks up the soap and we see an illustration of a shelf .	what does the lady pick up and we see an illustration of a shelf ?	soap
34493	The camera then pans the cabin and a large mountain of snow is shown .	what then pans the cabin and a large mountain of snow is shown ?	camera
34496	A man is seen standing in front of a chalk board holding a musical instrument and transitioning to the chalk board every now and then .	who is seen standing in front of a chalk board holding a musical instrument and transitioning to the chalk board every now and then ?	man
34498	The man then plays the instrument as the camera captures him from several angles while pausing to speak .	who then plays the instrument as the camera captures him from several angles while pausing to speak ?	man
34498	The man then plays the instrument as the camera captures him from several angles while pausing to speak .	what does the man then play ?	instrument
34499	A man in white shirt and gray shorts is standing at the center of the court , while young people in black tops and black shorts are standing behind him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
34499	A man in white shirt and gray shorts is standing at the center of the court , while young people in black tops and black shorts are standing behind him .	what is the color of the shorts ?	gray
34499	A man in white shirt and gray shorts is standing at the center of the court , while young people in black tops and black shorts are standing behind him .	what is the color of the tops ?	black
34499	A man in white shirt and gray shorts is standing at the center of the court , while young people in black tops and black shorts are standing behind him .	what is the color of the shorts ?	black
34500	A woman is sitting down holding a violin .	who is sitting down holding the violin ?	woman
34501	She lifts the violin up and starts playing it .	what does she lift up ?	violin
34502	She finishes and lowers the violin .	what does she finish and lowers ?	violin
34504	Many people are watching the interview and one man speaks to a woman angrily .	who are many people watching the interview and speaks to a woman angrily ?	man
34504	Many people are watching the interview and one man speaks to a woman angrily .	how many man speaks to the woman angrily ?	one
34505	The woman strikes the man and more people are seen walking around and talking .	who strikes the man and more people are seen walking around and talking ?	woman
34508	Another woman walks into frame when one woman pours more into the bowl and mixing it around .	who walks into frame when one woman pours more into the bowl and mixing it around ?	woman
34508	Another woman walks into frame when one woman pours more into the bowl and mixing it around .	how many woman does another woman walk into frame when pours more into the bowl and mixing it around ?	one
34510	The camera pans around a large group of people holding bows and arrows followed by several shots of them shooting the arrows .	what pans around the large group of people holding bows and arrows followed by several shots of them shooting the arrows ?	camera
34511	Several man run across the field as they shoot arrows at them that lead into sword fights and people being injured .	who run across the field as they shoot arrows at them that lead into sword fights and people being injured ?	man
34514	There are two lady tennis players on a clay court who are demonstrating how to throw the ball up high to the partner .	how many lady tennis players are there on a clay court who are demonstrating how to throw the ball up high to the partner ?	two
34515	The player is shuffling behind the net and turning the racquet upside down in between the shots .	what is the player shuffling behind the net and turning upside down in between the shots ?	racquet
34516	Then the players demonstrate another drill as they shuffle on the tennis court in between shots and returning the balls .	what do then the players demonstrate as they shuffle on the tennis court in between shots and returning the balls ?	drill
34517	The player bounces the ball back with the tip of the racquet handle .	what does the player bounce back with the tip of the racquet handle ?	ball
34521	An athlete walks onto a field outside .	who walks onto the field outside ?	athlete
34524	Three people are seen flying a kite in a field and text appears on the screen .	how many people are seen flying the kite in a field ?	three
34525	A scary girl appears then leads into pictures of kids flying kites .	who appears then leads into pictures of kids flying kites ?	girl
34526	A buff man steps into a circle and puts the shot put on this shoulder .	who steps into the circle and puts the shot put on this shoulder ?	man
34527	The man then spins around and throws the ball into the field .	who then spins around and throws the ball into the field ?	man
34527	The man then spins around and throws the ball into the field .	what does the man throw into the field ?	ball
34529	Another man approaches the cirle and does the samething as someone comes to the field and measure how far the ball went .	who approaches the cirle and does the samething as someone comes to the field and measure how far the ball went ?	man
34530	The contestants then come back and begin talking to each other before their scores are shown .	who then come back and begin talking to each other before their scores are shown ?	contestants
34531	An aerial view is then provided , then the camera pans the crowd .	what is an aerial view then provided , then pans the crowd ?	camera
34532	A man puts a harness on and steps on a bridge .	who puts the harness on and steps on a bridge ?	man
34532	A man puts a harness on and steps on a bridge .	what does the man put on ?	harness
34534	A boat drives up and puts him in the boat .	what drives up and puts him in the boat ?	boat
34534	A boat drives up and puts him in the boat .	where does the boat put him . ?	boat
34535	This girl is shown zooming in on people 's teeth , eyes and other things on their face .	who is shown zooming in on people 's teeth , eyes and other things on their face ?	girl
34537	A man walks onto a field before a crowd , holding a heavy ball into the air .	who walks onto the field before a crowd , holding a heavy ball into the air ?	man
34540	The winners celebrate , holding up flags and hugging joyfully .	who celebrate , holding up flags and hugging joyfully ?	winners
34541	A man is seen swimming in a pool holding various objects in his hands and showing how to put them on .	who is seen swimming in the pool holding various objects in his hands and showing how to put them on ?	man
34543	The man continue to wake board , he flipped over and then wake board on the water .	who continue to wake board , he flipped over and then wake board on the water ?	man
34545	A man is performing gymnastics on a beam while several others are watching .	who is performing gymnastics on a beam while several others are watching ?	man
34546	The man begins on the beam upside down .	who begins on the beam upside down ?	man
34552	Another player then catches the ball .	what does another player then catch ?	ball
34553	The little girl went out of the room .	who went out of the room ?	girl
34554	The boy get the bottle under the bed and is holding it and then drink it .	who get the bottle under the bed and is holding it and then drink it ?	boy
34554	The boy get the bottle under the bed and is holding it and then drink it .	what do the boy get under the bed ?	bottle
34555	The boy went back to bed and pretend to sleep while the girl went back in the room .	who went back to bed and pretend to sleep while the girl went back in the room ?	boy
34555	The boy went back to bed and pretend to sleep while the girl went back in the room .	where do the boy pretend to sleep while the girl went . ?	room
34558	Celebrities play a game of tug of war outdoors .	who play the game of tug of war outdoors ?	celebrities
34562	A girl wipes off a yellow plate with a towel .	who wipes off the yellow plate with a towel ?	girl
34562	A girl wipes off a yellow plate with a towel .	what is the color of the plate ?	yellow
34563	Three girls are washing dishes in large tubs .	who are washing dishes in large tubs ?	girls
34563	Three girls are washing dishes in large tubs .	how many girls are washing dishes in large tubs ?	three
34564	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her putting several ingredients inside a mason jar .	who is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her putting several ingredients inside a mason jar ?	woman
34565	The woman uses tongs to layer items into the jar and then puts a lid on top .	who uses tongs to layer items into the jar and then puts a lid on top ?	woman
34566	The woman puts a ribbon around the side as well as a label and smiles to the camera .	who puts the ribbon around the side as well as a label and smiles to the camera ?	woman
34566	The woman puts a ribbon around the side as well as a label and smiles to the camera .	what does the woman put around the side as well as a label ?	ribbon
34574	A man prepares to serve the ball to start the match .	who prepares to serve the ball to start the match ?	man
34575	The man serves the ball and scores a point .	who serves the ball and scores a point ?	man
34577	A girl wearing a black blouse describes how to bake in a kitchen .	who is wearing a black blouse describes how to bake in a kitchen ?	girl
34577	A girl wearing a black blouse describes how to bake in a kitchen .	the girl wearing what describes how to bake in a kitchen ?	blouse
34577	A girl wearing a black blouse describes how to bake in a kitchen .	what is the color of the blouse ?	black
34577	A girl wearing a black blouse describes how to bake in a kitchen .	where is the girl wearing a black blouse describes how to bake . ?	kitchen
34578	The baker pours flour into a clear bowl using a measuring cup .	who pours flour into a clear bowl using a measuring cup ?	baker
34578	The baker pours flour into a clear bowl using a measuring cup .	what does the baker pour into a clear bowl using a measuring cup ?	flour
34579	The baker then scoops out four level tablespoons from a yellow container of cornstarch and ads it to the bowl of flour .	who then scoops out four level tablespoons from a yellow container of cornstarch and ads it to the bowl of flour ?	baker
34579	The baker then scoops out four level tablespoons from a yellow container of cornstarch and ads it to the bowl of flour .	how many level tablespoons does the baker then scoop out from a yellow container of cornstarch ?	four
34579	The baker then scoops out four level tablespoons from a yellow container of cornstarch and ads it to the bowl of flour .	what is the color of the container ?	yellow
34580	The baker pours the flour and cornstarch mixture into a sifter and begins sifting the ingredients three times .	who pours the flour and cornstarch mixture into a sifter and begins sifting the ingredients three times ?	baker
34580	The baker pours the flour and cornstarch mixture into a sifter and begins sifting the ingredients three times .	how many times does the baker begin sifting the ingredients ?	three
34582	The person pole volts over the beam onto a mat and is shown again in slow motion .	what volts over the beam onto a mat and is shown again in slow motion ?	pole
34583	A young man puts lipstick on his lips .	who puts lipstick on his lips ?	man
34584	Two reporters talk in a TV set with audience .	who talk in the tv set with audience ?	reporters
34584	Two reporters talk in a TV set with audience .	how many reporters talk in the tv set with audience ?	two
34585	Then , the young man brush his face , then people in the audience talk .	who do then , brush his face , then people in the audience talk ?	man
34588	She leads the class in a bicycle riding class and inspires her students to peddle hard like this .	who does she inspire ?	students
34590	A man does a tattoo on the waist area of a woman using a needle .	who does the tattoo on the waist area of a woman using a needle ?	man
34591	The man cleans the area of the tattoo with a tissue .	who cleans the area of the tattoo with a tissue ?	man
34592	The man continues doing the tattoo and cleaning .	who continues doing the tattoo and cleaning ?	man
34595	A man in a black vest is standing in a room .	what is the color of the vest ?	black
34595	A man in a black vest is standing in a room .	where is the man standing in a room . ?	vest
34597	A woman stands next to him watching .	who stands next to him watching ?	woman
34598	A man walks up and pulls the dart out of the board .	who walks up and pulls the dart out of the board ?	man
34598	A man walks up and pulls the dart out of the board .	what does the man pull out of the board ?	dart
34599	Two teams are on the field playa game trying to score .	how many teams are on the field playa game trying to score ?	two
34600	One of the players on the blue team falls down on the field .	what is the color of the team ?	blue
34601	Another blue player gets the ball from out of bounds , puts it on the line and hits back into the game .	what does another blue player get from out of bounds ?	ball
34601	Another blue player gets the ball from out of bounds , puts it on the line and hits back into the game .	what is the color of the player ?	blue
34602	Te coaches start jumping with joy as well as the players .	who start jumping with joy as well as the players ?	coaches
34603	A lawn mower is shown on the ground .	what is shown on the ground ?	mower
34604	A man starts the lawn mower and begins mowing the lawn .	who starts the lawn mower and begins mowing the lawn ?	man
34604	A man starts the lawn mower and begins mowing the lawn .	what does the man start ?	mower
34606	A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding up various mops and presenting them to the camera .	who is seen speaking to the camera holding up various mops and presenting them to the camera ?	woman
34607	She then dips the mops into a bucket and washes them along the floor .	what did she then dip into a bucket ?	mops
34611	Next , the man reappears but he is joined by teammates playing a game of beach soccer in a stadium surrounded by people .	who does next , reappear but he is joined by teammates playing a game of beach soccer in a stadium surrounded by people ?	man
34612	One team wins and they are shown bringing home their trophy and cheering and then it goes back to showing the rest of the team competing .	how many team wins and they are shown bringing home their trophy and cheering ?	one
34613	A man is bending over picking up a heavy weight several times in a row and setting it down .	who is bending over picking up the heavy weight several times in a row and setting it down ?	man
34614	A man is measuring another mans arm length .	who is measuring another mans arm length ?	man
34615	The man measures the length of the weight bar .	who measures the length of the weight bar ?	man
34617	Then , the man walks while reporters and cameramen follow him on the field .	who does then , walk while reporters and cameramen follow him on the field ?	man
34618	After , the man puts on a long sleeve shirt while a cameraman film him .	who does after , put on the long sleeve shirt while a cameraman film him ?	man
34619	woman is in sea scubadiving and a man is behind her .	who is in sea scubadiving and a man is behind her ?	woman
34619	woman is in sea scubadiving and a man is behind her .	who is woman in sea scubadiving and is behind her ?	man
34625	The girl turns on the faucet to wet her toothbrush .	who turns on the faucet to wet her toothbrush ?	girl
34626	The girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush .	who turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush ?	girl
34626	The girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush .	what does the girl turn off ?	faucet
34626	The girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush .	what does the girl unscrew ?	toothpaste
34626	The girl turns off the faucet , unscrews the toothpaste , and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush .	what does the girl put on her toothbrush ?	toothpaste
34627	The girl brushes her teeth and spit in the sink .	who brushes her teeth and spit in the sink ?	girl
34627	The girl brushes her teeth and spit in the sink .	where did the girl brush her teeth and spit . ?	sink
34628	The girl rinse her toothbrush and places on the side of the sink .	who rinse her toothbrush and places on the side of the sink ?	girl
34632	The surfer maintains his balance as he surfs and goes beneath a second wave .	who maintains his balance as he surfs and goes beneath a second wave ?	surfer
34633	A man is first seen speaking to the camera with text questions being asked to him .	who is first seen speaking to the camera with text questions being asked to him ?	man
34636	A woman is talking to a camera inside a kitchen .	who is talking to the camera inside a kitchen ?	woman
34641	Four bikers raced and jumped over the ramps , the biker in white is leading in the race .	what did four bikers race and jumped over , the biker in white is leading in the race ?	ramps
34641	Four bikers raced and jumped over the ramps , the biker in white is leading in the race .	how many bikers raced and jumped over the ramps ?	four
34641	Four bikers raced and jumped over the ramps , the biker in white is leading in the race .	what is the color of the biker ?	white
34642	A man and a woman are standing in front of the camera and a woman shows how to properly perform the tango .	who are the man and a woman standing in front of the camera and shows how to properly perform the tango ?	woman
34645	The players are holding a flat bat and running towards the balls .	what are the players holding and running towards the balls ?	bat
34646	The players bounced the balls on the bat , some of them picked up the balls from the ground using the bat .	what did the players bounce on the bat , some of them picked up the balls from the ground using the bat ?	balls
34647	The girl in blue jacket bounced the ball on her bat and she walked forward , but the ball fall on the ground .	what do and , but fall on the ground ?	ball
34647	The girl in blue jacket bounced the ball on her bat and she walked forward , but the ball fall on the ground .	what is the color of the jacket ?	blue
34648	A girl in the black vest is picking up the ball from the ground using her bat .	what is the girl in the black vest picking up from the ground using her bat ?	ball
34648	A girl in the black vest is picking up the ball from the ground using her bat .	what is the color of the vest ?	black
34648	A girl in the black vest is picking up the ball from the ground using her bat .	where is the girl picking up the ball from the ground using her bat . ?	vest
34649	Two girls walked normally without chasing the balls .	who walked normally without chasing the balls ?	girls
34649	Two girls walked normally without chasing the balls .	how many girls walked normally without chasing the balls ?	two
34652	A man is on a galloping horse back riding for sport .	who is on the galloping horse back riding for sport ?	man
34658	The ball is passed another to score a goal and then the game continues on .	what is passed another to score a goal and then the game continues on ?	ball
34659	A man is standing outside under a tent hitting a pinata with a stick .	who is standing outside under the tent hitting a pinata with a stick ?	man
34660	After about three strings , he moves and gives the stick to a young girl with a grey and black dress on .	what does after about three strings , he move and gives to a young girl with a grey and black dress on ?	stick
34662	An athlete is seen spinning around and throwing a discuss while men on the field run to track his score .	who is seen spinning around and throwing the discuss while men on the field run to track his score ?	athlete
34663	The athlete walks away and another steps up and throws the discuss .	who walks away and another steps up and throws the discuss ?	athlete
34665	There are two kids on the swing set while two old ladies standing beside them swinging them .	how many kids are there on the swing set while two old ladies standing beside them swinging them ?	two
34667	The old lady in purple continues to swing the boy , while the old lady in pink top stood and rest her back on the red bar of the swing .	what is the color of the bar ?	red
34668	The littler girl near the bench sat to pick up something from the blue ground .	what is the color of the ground ?	blue
34669	A man wearing glasses is on a stage .	who is wearing glasses is on a stage ?	man
34669	A man wearing glasses is on a stage .	the man wearing what is on a stage ?	glasses
34671	Another competitor appears , doing the same .	who appears , doing the same ?	competitor
34672	The winner walks onto the stage as camera flash , celebrating .	who walks onto the stage as camera flash , celebrating ?	winner
34673	Two kids are seen playing a game of shuffleboard on the side of a boat while the camera watches .	who are seen playing the game of shuffleboard on the side of a boat while the camera watches ?	kids
34673	Two kids are seen playing a game of shuffleboard on the side of a boat while the camera watches .	how many kids are seen playing the game of shuffleboard on the side of a boat while the camera watches ?	two
34674	The kids continue taking turns while running up and down the path on the boat .	who continue taking turns while running up and down the path on the boat ?	kids
34675	A chef is standing in front of a table and begins turning on a stove with a pan on it .	who is standing in front of a table and begins turning on a stove with a pan on it ?	chef
34676	The man then mixes various ingredients together and finally putting the ingredients on the stove top .	who then mixes various ingredients together and finally putting the ingredients on the stove top ?	man
34676	The man then mixes various ingredients together and finally putting the ingredients on the stove top .	what does the man then mix together and finally putting the ingredients on the stove top ?	ingredients
34676	The man then mixes various ingredients together and finally putting the ingredients on the stove top .	what does the man then mix various ingredients together and finally putting on the stove top ?	ingredients
34677	He finishes the plate by making an omelette and serves it on a plate and cuts it up .	what does he finish by making an omelette ?	plate
34679	The last man on the parallel bars seems to be practicing in a gym with no large group of spectators looking on .	where does the last man on the parallel bars seem to be practicing . ?	gym
34681	A person wets the dog and puts shampoo on it .	what does the person wet ?	dog
34681	A person wets the dog and puts shampoo on it .	what does the person put on it ?	shampoo
34683	They stand the dog up and wash him .	what do they stand up ?	dog
34684	They rinse the soap off the dog .	what do they rinse off the dog ?	soap
34685	We see the wet little dog from above .	what do we see from above ?	dog
34686	A woman is cleaning clothes on a table .	who is cleaning clothes on a table ?	woman
34686	A woman is cleaning clothes on a table .	what is the woman cleaning on a table ?	clothes
34688	She picks up a brush and scrubs the clothing .	what does she scrub ?	clothing
34690	She picks up the clothing and sets it next to her .	what does she pick up ?	clothing
34692	The man mounts the pommel horse and spins his legs around it .	who mounts the pommel horse and spins his legs around it ?	man
34692	The man mounts the pommel horse and spins his legs around it .	what does the man mount ?	horse
34693	The man does a handstand and dismounts .	who does the handstand and dismounts ?	man
34694	The man takes a bow and starts walking away .	who takes the bow and starts walking away ?	man
34696	The man throws the object off into the distance as the camera follows it 's throw .	who throws the object off into the distance as the camera follows it 's throw ?	man
34699	A man falls down and is dragged by the boat through the water .	who falls down and is dragged by the boat through the water ?	man
34700	A man turns around while water skiing and holds the rope with his foot .	who turns around while water skiing and holds the rope with his foot ?	man
34700	A man turns around while water skiing and holds the rope with his foot .	what does the man hold with his foot ?	rope
34702	Two men are doing Capoeira surrounded by a circle of people .	how many men are doing capoeira surrounded by a circle of people ?	two
34704	They shake hands and leave the circle allowing two other men to enter the circle .	what do they shake hands and leave allowing two other men to enter the circle ?	circle
34704	They shake hands and leave the circle allowing two other men to enter the circle .	they shake hands and leave the circle allowing how many other men to enter the circle ?	two
34705	A man in blue and a man in grey greet each other in the middle of the circle .	what is the color of the greet ?	gray
34706	The other two men begin to perform Capoeira for the crowd .	how many men begin to perform capoeira for the crowd ?	two
34707	We see a dark opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
34711	We see a large black dog being blow dried .	what do we see ?	dog
34711	We see a large black dog being blow dried .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
34712	A man combs a dogs hair straight up .	who combs the dogs hair straight up ?	man
34713	We see two dark ending screens .	what do we see ?	screens
34713	We see two dark ending screens .	how many dark ending screens do we see ?	two
34714	` A cookie is shown on a plate .	what is ` shown on the plate ?	cookie
34715	Ingredients are being added to a glass bowl and being mixed together .	what are being added to the glass bowl and being mixed together ?	ingredients
34716	Chocolate chips are added to the dough .	what are added to the dough ?	chips
34717	The dough is flattened out onto a cookie sheet .	what is flattened out onto the cookie sheet ?	dough
34719	Candies are placed on top of the cookie .	what are placed on top of the cookie ?	candies
34720	The cookie is cut and placed on a plate .	what is cut and placed on the plate ?	cookie
34721	A fork is shown eating the cookie .	what is shown eating the cookie ?	fork
34722	A woman is sitting in a booth .	who is sitting in the booth ?	woman
34722	A woman is sitting in a booth .	where is the woman sitting . ?	booth
34723	Her little girl shoves a vanilla ice cream cone in her face and laughs .	who shoves the vanilla ice cream cone in her face and laughs ?	girl
34724	The girl continues doing it , and the woman has to wipes her mouth and nose several times .	who continues doing it , and the woman has to wipes her mouth and nose several times ?	girl
34726	Two teams compete in a badminton game in gymnasium .	how many teams compete in the badminton game in gymnasium ?	two
34729	A sumo warrior is shown holding a pager .	who is sumo shown holding a pager ?	warrior
34730	A larger sumo warrior is shown holding another pager .	who is sumo shown holding another pager ?	warrior
34731	The sumo warriors face off and the larger one sits on and makes the smaller one disappear .	who do sumo face off and the larger one sits on and makes the smaller one disappear ?	warriors
34732	A camera pans around a picture of a horse followed by a person brushing and vacuuming hair off of a horse .	what pans around the picture of a horse followed by a person brushing and vacuuming hair off of a horse ?	camera
34737	A man dressed in winter gear is sitting out in winter on a frozen lake .	who dressed in winter gear is sitting out in winter on a frozen lake ?	man
34739	He uses a bait to fish and catches a mid size gray fish .	what does he catch ?	fish
34739	He uses a bait to fish and catches a mid size gray fish .	what is the color of the fish ?	gray
34740	He shows the two fish that he has caught .	what does he show ?	fish
34740	He shows the two fish that he has caught .	how many fish does he show that he has caught ?	two
34741	Then he puts his fishing net in a hole in the lake and continues fishing .	what does then he put fishing in a hole in the lake ?	net
34742	He catches another dark gray fish and tosses it in his box .	what does he catch ?	fish
34742	He catches another dark gray fish and tosses it in his box .	what is the color of the fish ?	gray
34742	He catches another dark gray fish and tosses it in his box .	where does he toss it . ?	box
34743	He continues fishing and catches more fish in that same hole .	what does he catch in that same hole ?	fish
34744	He collects the fish in a white bucket .	what is the color of the bucket ?	white
34744	He collects the fish in a white bucket .	where does he collect the fish . ?	bucket
34745	A woman stands on a track .	who stands on the track ?	woman
34749	A man is sitting on a wave runner in the water .	who is sitting on the wave runner in the water ?	man
34752	A woman is washing her hands over a sink .	who is washing her hands over a sink ?	woman
34753	She rinses her hands off in the sink .	where does she rinse her hands off . ?	sink
34754	She grabs a paper towel and dries her hands .	what does she grab ?	towel
34755	Several people are hitting an instrument with sticks .	what are several people hitting with sticks ?	instrument
34756	Two men do flips in front of each other .	how many men do flips in front of each other ?	two
34759	A man sits in a room and discusses .	who sits in the room and discusses ?	man
34759	A man sits in a room and discusses .	where does the man sit . ?	room
34760	The man holds up a coffee cup while talking .	who holds up the coffee cup while talking ?	man
34760	The man holds up a coffee cup while talking .	what does the man hold up while talking ?	cup
34761	The man takes a few drinks from the coffee cup .	who takes the few drinks from the coffee cup ?	man
34762	A man is seen sitting in a bumper car holding a thumbs up and then begins driving around .	who is seen sitting in the bumper car holding a thumbs up and then begins driving around ?	man
34764	An athlete is seen standing ready holding a javelin and throwing it off into the distance .	who is seen standing ready holding the javelin and throwing it off into the distance ?	athlete
34766	The camera pans around the woman in the end and shows off their score .	what pans around the woman in the end and shows off their score ?	camera
34767	A man talks about coaching gymnastics .	who talks about coaching gymnastics ?	man
34768	A girl starts to do a routine on the uneven bars .	who starts to do the routine on the uneven bars ?	girl
34769	A man is seen kneeling on the floor and speaking to the camera .	who is seen kneeling on the floor and speaking to the camera ?	man
34770	The man then flips over and begins doing leg exercises .	who then flips over and begins doing leg exercises ?	man
34772	A man sets up a camera in a bar .	who sets up the camera in a bar ?	man
34772	A man sets up a camera in a bar .	where does the man set up a camera . ?	bar
34773	The man then talks to the camera .	who then talks to the camera ?	man
34774	The man shoots pool alone .	who shoots pool alone ?	man
34774	The man shoots pool alone .	what does the man shoot alone ?	pool
34775	The bearded man walks past the table .	who walks past the table ?	man
34776	The man finishes and talks to the camera before turning it off .	who finishes and talks to the camera before turning it off ?	man
34777	A camera pans around a shower and zooms in on a person shaving their legs .	what pans around the shower and zooms in on a person shaving their legs ?	camera
34778	The camera watches her move her arms all around her legs while the water runs down the drain .	what watches her move her arms all around her legs while the water runs down the drain ?	camera
34780	A woman talks in a bar showing liquor bottles .	who talks in the bar showing liquor bottles ?	woman
34781	Then , the woman put ice in a glass , then she adds liquors from three bottles .	who did then , put ice in a glass , then she adds liquors from three bottles ?	woman
34781	Then , the woman put ice in a glass , then she adds liquors from three bottles .	what did then , the woman put ice in a glass , then she adds from three bottles ?	liquors
34782	After , the woman add soda and put a straw .	after , who add soda and put a straw ?	woman
34783	A diver is in the ocean in the keys of florida , he has a a pumpkin in his hand .	who is in the ocean in the keys of florida , he has a a pumpkin in his hand ?	diver
34791	They pour ingredients into a large bowl and mix it together .	what do they pour into a large bowl ?	ingredients
34795	A young man plays drums on a stage with lights dancing in the background .	who plays drums on a stage with lights dancing in the background ?	man
34795	A young man plays drums on a stage with lights dancing in the background .	what does the young man play on a stage with lights dancing in the background ?	drums
34797	A young girl is seen scrubbing a small dog down with soap next to a tub full of water .	who is seen scrubbing the small dog down with soap next to a tub full of water ?	girl
34798	She pours more soap onto the dog and drags him over and leads into pictures of the dog all cleaned .	what does she pour onto the dog ?	soap
34799	A person applies paint designs to a red fingernail on a plastic hand with a flexible black limb labeled `` nail trainer '' .	what does the person apply to a red fingernail on a plastic hand with a flexible black limb labeled `` nail trainer '' ?	designs
34799	A person applies paint designs to a red fingernail on a plastic hand with a flexible black limb labeled `` nail trainer '' .	what is the color of the fingernail ?	red
34799	A person applies paint designs to a red fingernail on a plastic hand with a flexible black limb labeled `` nail trainer '' .	what is the color of the limb ?	black
34800	A brown plastic hand with a black plastic arm appears with white fingernail tips and red fingernails .	what is the color of the hand ?	brown
34800	A brown plastic hand with a black plastic arm appears with white fingernail tips and red fingernails .	what is the color of the arm ?	black
34800	A brown plastic hand with a black plastic arm appears with white fingernail tips and red fingernails .	what is the color of the tips ?	white
34800	A brown plastic hand with a black plastic arm appears with white fingernail tips and red fingernails .	what is the color of the fingernails ?	red
34801	A person 's real hand appears and begins to apply white designs on one of the red fingernails on the plastic hand .	what is the color of the designs ?	white
34801	A person 's real hand appears and begins to apply white designs on one of the red fingernails on the plastic hand .	what is the color of the fingernails ?	red
34802	The scene then fades to a closeup of one finished red fingernail with a complete white design from the plastic hand .	what is the color of the fingernail ?	red
34802	The scene then fades to a closeup of one finished red fingernail with a complete white design from the plastic hand .	what is the color of the design ?	white
34803	Cars are driving on a road .	what are driving on the road ?	cars
34805	People get back into their car and put the snowboard on top of the car .	what did people put on top of the car ?	snowboard
34806	A man is seen standing before a set of uneven bars with his arms up .	who is seen standing before the set of uneven bars with his arms up ?	man
34808	The man continues to swing around on the bars and ends by jumping off the side and walking away .	who continues to swing around on the bars and ends by jumping off the side and walking away ?	man
34813	A woman is doing a tutorial on how to do water marble nails using water .	who is doing the tutorial on how to do water marble nails using water ?	woman
34820	A woman is in a kitchen , wearing a dress and pregnant .	who is in the kitchen , wearing a dress and pregnant ?	woman
34821	She is washing dishes in the sink and talking to the person with the camera .	where is she washing dishes and talking to the person with the camera . ?	sink
34824	A baby swings beside her .	who swings beside her ?	baby
34826	The woman looks happy to swing .	who looks happy to swing ?	woman
34827	Two boys are standing in a living room next to a tree and begin taking ornaments out of two plastic bins and decorating the tree .	who are standing in the living room next to a tree and begin taking ornaments out of two plastic bins and decorating the tree ?	boys
34827	Two boys are standing in a living room next to a tree and begin taking ornaments out of two plastic bins and decorating the tree .	how many boys are standing in the living room next to a tree and begin taking ornaments out of two plastic bins and decorating the tree ?	two
34829	After , the boys receive help from a male and puts the tree topper on .	after , who receive help from the male and puts the tree topper on ?	boys
34829	After , the boys receive help from a male and puts the tree topper on .	who does after , the boys put on ?	topper
34832	Two people in scuba gear stand on the ledge of a platform while two other people watch from a platform above .	how many people in scuba gear stand on the ledge of a platform while two other people watch from a platform above ?	two
34833	The two people in scuba gear jump in the water .	how many people in scuba gear jump in the water ?	two
34834	One person in scuba gear holds on to the other person in scuba gear and does something to her tank .	how many person in scuba gear holds on to the other person in scuba gear and does something to her tank ?	one
34835	One person pushes the other one away .	how many person pushes the other one away ?	one
34838	A large black dog and a little girl in a white blouse carries two hoolahoops in the living room .	how many hoolahoops does the large black dog and a little girl in a white blouse carry in the living room ?	two
34838	A large black dog and a little girl in a white blouse carries two hoolahoops in the living room .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
34838	A large black dog and a little girl in a white blouse carries two hoolahoops in the living room .	what is the color of the blouse ?	white
34838	A large black dog and a little girl in a white blouse carries two hoolahoops in the living room .	where does the large black dog and a little girl carry two hoolahoops in the living room . ?	blouse
34839	The little girl holds a hoola hoop in front of the dog and the dog walks through the hoolahoop .	who holds the hoola hoop in front of the dog and the dog walks through the hoolahoop ?	girl
34839	The little girl holds a hoola hoop in front of the dog and the dog walks through the hoolahoop .	what does the little girl hold in front of the dog and the dog walks through the hoolahoop ?	hoop
34839	The little girl holds a hoola hoop in front of the dog and the dog walks through the hoolahoop .	what does the little girl hold a hoola hoop in front of the dog and walks through the hoolahoop ?	dog
34840	The little girl spins the other hoola hoop around her waste and spins it 10 or 12 times .	who spins the other hoola hoop around her waste and spins it 10 or 12 times ?	girl
34840	The little girl spins the other hoola hoop around her waste and spins it 10 or 12 times .	what does the little girl spin around her waste ?	hoop
34841	The little girl walks up to the black dog and lets the dog lick her hand .	who walks up to the black dog and lets the dog lick her hand ?	girl
34841	The little girl walks up to the black dog and lets the dog lick her hand .	what is the color of the dog ?	black
34842	Five boys are shown walking in a playground .	who are shown walking in the playground ?	boys
34842	Five boys are shown walking in a playground .	how many boys are shown walking in the playground ?	five
34843	The boys get onto the swings and begin to show how to do tricks .	who get onto the swings and begin to show how to do tricks ?	boys
34844	For the finale , all five guys get onto the swings and perform a back flip .	for the finale , who get onto the swings and perform a back flip ?	guys
34844	For the finale , all five guys get onto the swings and perform a back flip .	for the finale , how many guys get onto the swings and perform a back flip ?	five
34845	A young woman gets in position to perform with a baton .	who gets in position to perform with a baton ?	woman
34847	She does cartwheels as part of her routine .	what does she do as part of her routine ?	cartwheels
34848	She drops the baton , but picks it back up and continues with the routine .	what does she drop ?	baton
34850	Two boys at a young age are playing fooseball with each other .	how many boys at a young age are playing fooseball with each other ?	two
34851	One grab the ball and puts it back into play .	what do one grab ?	ball
34852	The boys continue to play the game back and fourth on the tabs .	who continue to play the game back and fourth on the tabs ?	boys
34853	A man is shown running around a field with a dog holding a frisbee into the hair .	who is shown running around the field with a dog holding a frisbee into the hair ?	man
34854	The man moves around the frisbee with the dog and performs several tricks in slow motion with the dog .	who moves around the frisbee with the dog and performs several tricks in slow motion with the dog ?	man
34856	the screen is playing a video and the credits are in the right side .	what is playing the video and the credits are in the right side ?	screen
34857	There are a few girls doing gymnastics in a gym .	who are there doing gymnastics in a gym ?	girls
34858	There 's a young girl wearing an athletic tank top and shorts doing back flips in her backyard .	who does there 's wearing an athletic tank top and shorts doing back flips in her backyard ?	girl
34858	There 's a young girl wearing an athletic tank top and shorts doing back flips in her backyard .	what does there 's a young girl wearing an athletic tank top and doing back flips in her backyard ?	shorts
34858	There 's a young girl wearing an athletic tank top and shorts doing back flips in her backyard .	where does 's a young girl wearing an athletic tank top and shorts doing back flips . ?	backyard
34862	The girl then stretches her leg towards the back of her head to make her toes touch her head .	who then stretches her leg towards the back of her head to make her toes touch her head ?	girl
34865	A man is measuring and cutting carpet while kneeling .	who is measuring and cutting carpet while kneeling ?	man
34865	A man is measuring and cutting carpet while kneeling .	what is the man measuring and cutting ?	kneeling
34866	The man adds a strip and puts a tool in the seam .	who adds the strip and puts a tool in the seam ?	man
34866	The man adds a strip and puts a tool in the seam .	what does the man add ?	strip
34866	The man adds a strip and puts a tool in the seam .	where does the man put a tool . ?	seam
34867	The man runs a black item over the seam repeatedly then stands .	who runs the black item over the seam repeatedly then stands ?	man
34867	The man runs a black item over the seam repeatedly then stands .	what is the color of the item ?	black
34868	We see the closing title screen .	what do we see ?	screen
34869	Two men are seen running around an enclosed room holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball around the room .	how many men are seen running around an enclosed room holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball around the room ?	two
34872	They stop and get a in a circle in the pool and start throwing the ball between each other .	where do they stop and get a in a circle . ?	pool
34875	A child sitting at restaurant table places his hands in a dessert .	who is sitting at restaurant table places his hands in a dessert ?	child
34876	The child uses his hands to eat the food .	who uses his hands to eat the food ?	child
34877	The adult keeps the child from spilling the food on the floor and helps feed him .	who keeps the child from spilling the food on the floor and helps feed him ?	adult
34877	The adult keeps the child from spilling the food on the floor and helps feed him .	who does the adult keep from spilling the food on the floor ?	child
34880	As the voice recites the steps , an older man is shown on video performing these steps to a roof .	who is , shown on video performing these steps to a roof ?	man
34886	A woman begins walking down a cobble stone sidewalk with brown boots and then she is seen twirling a hula hoop .	who begins walking down the cobble stone sidewalk with brown boots and then she is seen twirling a hula hoop ?	woman
34886	A woman begins walking down a cobble stone sidewalk with brown boots and then she is seen twirling a hula hoop .	what is the color of the boots ?	brown
34887	With the hula hoop , the girl begins flipping and dancing with it between her legs .	who does with the hula hoop , begin flipping and dancing with it between her legs ?	girl
34895	The outro clip begins and it 's similar to the intro .	what begins and it 's similar to the intro ?	clip
34896	A man plugs a mowing machine , then he pushes the mower to cut the grass in a backyard .	who plugs the mowing machine , then he pushes the mower to cut the grass in a backyard ?	man
34896	A man plugs a mowing machine , then he pushes the mower to cut the grass in a backyard .	what does the man plug , then he pushes the mower to cut the grass in a backyard ?	machine
34896	A man plugs a mowing machine , then he pushes the mower to cut the grass in a backyard .	what does the man plug a mowing machine , then he pushes ?	mower
34897	After , the man cuts the grass on the borders with garden scissors .	who does after , cut the grass on the borders with garden scissors ?	man
34898	Two wrestlers are up on a ring arguing .	who are up on the ring arguing ?	wrestlers
34898	Two wrestlers are up on a ring arguing .	how many wrestlers are up on the ring arguing ?	two
34899	The referee stands by , instructing them on what to do .	who stands by , instructing them on what to do ?	referee
34902	A guy jumps onto the ring and begins to fight with one of the wrestlers .	who jumps onto the ring and begins to fight with one of the wrestlers ?	guy
34903	The man leaves the ring and the wrestler approaches the other wrestler and beats him to the ground .	who leaves the ring and the wrestler approaches the other wrestler and beats him to the ground ?	man
34904	The wrestler celebrates his win .	who celebrates his win ?	wrestler
34905	Two little boys rake leaves in a backyard while a little girl watches and walks with them as they rake .	who leaves in the backyard while a little girl watches and walks with them as they rake ?	rake
34905	Two little boys rake leaves in a backyard while a little girl watches and walks with them as they rake .	how many little boys rake leaves in the backyard while a little girl watches and walks with them as they rake ?	two
34905	Two little boys rake leaves in a backyard while a little girl watches and walks with them as they rake .	where does two little boys rake leave while a little girl watches and walks with them as they rake . ?	backyard
34906	The two little boys rake leaves with red handled rakes and a little girl watches them and hangs around while they rake .	who handled rakes and a little girl watches them and hangs around while they rake ?	boys
34906	The two little boys rake leaves with red handled rakes and a little girl watches them and hangs around while they rake .	how many little boys rake leaves with red handled rakes and a little girl watches them and hangs around while they rake ?	two
34907	The two boys start raking to the right of the lawn and the little girl runs behind them .	who start raking to the right of the lawn and the little girl runs behind them ?	boys
34907	The two boys start raking to the right of the lawn and the little girl runs behind them .	who do the two boys start and runs behind them ?	girl
34907	The two boys start raking to the right of the lawn and the little girl runs behind them .	how many boys start raking to the right of the lawn ?	two
34908	The boys then turn around and begin raking to the right side of the lawn .	who then turn around and begin raking to the right side of the lawn ?	boys
34911	A boy is standing next to a playground jumping rope .	who is standing next to the playground jumping rope ?	boy
34912	A person is jumping rope on a white mat .	what is the person jumping on a white mat ?	rope
34912	A person is jumping rope on a white mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	white
34913	A man is kneeling down on the ground in front of a red table .	who is kneeling down on the ground in front of a red table ?	man
34913	A man is kneeling down on the ground in front of a red table .	what is the color of the table ?	red
34915	A child performs on the double uneven bars , while flipping around the bars .	who performs on the double uneven bars , while flipping around the bars ?	child
34916	Then , the child flips and land stand on the floor , then walks .	who does then , flip and land stand on the floor , then walks ?	child
34916	Then , the child flips and land stand on the floor , then walks .	what does then , the child flip and stand on the floor , then walks ?	land
34919	A boy sits behind the wheel of car , driving and talking to the other passengers in the car .	who sits behind the wheel of car , driving and talking to the other passengers in the car ?	boy
34920	The car travels down a winding highway as the camera pans between the people talking at the time .	what travels down the winding highway as the camera pans between the people talking at the time ?	car
34922	A small group of people are seen standing in a gym with a man leading in front .	where are the small group of people seen standing . ?	gym
34923	The man leads the group in an exercise class that involves a beam on the floor .	who leads the group in an exercise class that involves a beam on the floor ?	man
34925	A gymnast runs , then flips several times down an indoor track .	, then flips several times down what ?	track
34926	Other girls follow suit , flipping quickly as they go .	who follow suit , flipping quickly as they go ?	girls
34926	Other girls follow suit , flipping quickly as they go .	what do other girls follow , ?	suit
34928	A man is holding a camera as he stands talking beside a lake .	who is holding the camera as he stands talking beside a lake ?	man
34928	A man is holding a camera as he stands talking beside a lake .	what is the man holding ?	camera
34929	He goes through tunnels , walks along bridges , and stands over cliffs .	who does he walk along ?	bridges
34929	He goes through tunnels , walks along bridges , and stands over cliffs .	what does he stand over ?	cliffs
34930	He drives down a road and records rafting on a white water river .	what is the color of the river ?	white
34932	man is running in a roofed gym and doing a high jump .	who is running in the roofed gym and doing a high jump ?	man
34932	man is running in a roofed gym and doing a high jump .	where is man running and doing a high jump . ?	gym
34933	man is doing a somersault in a roofed gym .	who is doing the somersault in a roofed gym ?	man
34933	man is doing a somersault in a roofed gym .	where is man doing a somersault . ?	gym
34934	two woman are standing in the gym by the jumping man .	who are standing in the gym by the jumping man ?	woman
34934	two woman are standing in the gym by the jumping man .	how many woman are standing in the gym by the jumping man ?	two
34934	two woman are standing in the gym by the jumping man .	where are two woman standing . ?	gym
34935	man is doing a somersault in a roofed gym in a racetrack .	who is doing the somersault in a roofed gym in a racetrack ?	man
34936	There 's a girl gymnast dressed in purple leotards doing flips on a horse bar in a large indoor stadium filled with spectators .	who does there 's dressed in purple leotards doing flips on a horse bar in a large indoor stadium filled with spectators ?	gymnast
34936	There 's a girl gymnast dressed in purple leotards doing flips on a horse bar in a large indoor stadium filled with spectators .	what is the color of the leotards ?	purple
34938	She walks the entire horse bar and then finally jumps off the horse bar to successfully end her round .	what does she walk ?	bar
34938	She walks the entire horse bar and then finally jumps off the horse bar to successfully end her round .	she finally jumps off what ?	bar
34940	A blue raft is shown and a group of people are shown throwing them up in a pile .	what is shown and the group of people are shown throwing them up in a pile ?	raft
34940	A blue raft is shown and a group of people are shown throwing them up in a pile .	what is the color of the raft ?	blue
34944	A man is taking a bike apart on a subway .	who is taking the bike apart on a subway ?	man
34944	A man is taking a bike apart on a subway .	what is the man taking apart on a subway ?	bicycle
34945	He is putting a tire back on the bike .	what is he putting back on the bike ?	tire
34946	Ladies are playing volley ball outside .	what are ladies playing outside ?	ball
34947	A female hits the ball twice .	what does the female hit twice ?	ball
34948	A lady touches a teammate 's arm .	who touches the teammate 's arm ?	lady
34948	A lady touches a teammate 's arm .	who does the lady touch arm ?	teammate
34949	A coach align a group of teens in a basketball court , the teen on front holds a basketball ball .	who align the group of teens in a basketball court , the teen on front holds a basketball ball ?	coach
34950	Then , three more boys run to practice the same steps .	who do then , run to practice the same steps ?	boys
34950	Then , three more boys run to practice the same steps .	how many more boys do then , run to practice the same steps ?	three
34951	A young man wearing a yellow t-shirt practice basketball on the other basketball goal .	who is wearing a yellow t-shirt practice basketball on the other basketball goal ?	man
34951	A young man wearing a yellow t-shirt practice basketball on the other basketball goal .	what is the color of the basketball ?	yellow
34956	The women are again shown playing hockey in a competition with one another .	who are again shown playing hockey in a competition with one another ?	women
34960	They use their wooden mallet to hit the ball down the wooden boards .	what do they use ?	mallet
34962	One of the teens wearing a yellow shirt pretends his mallet is a guitar and plays it .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
34965	The teen in the yellow shirt plays with the black and white cat .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
34966	One of the teen pose and aims to hit the ball with his mallet while the two other teens watch him .	how many other teens does one of the teen aim to hit the ball with his mallet while watch him ?	two
34968	One of the teens then just drops his mallet down while the two other teens give each other high fives .	one of the teens then just drops what down ?	mallet
34968	One of the teens then just drops his mallet down while the two other teens give each other high fives .	one of the teens then just drops his mallet down while how many other teens give each other high fives ?	two
34969	A woman is putting wall paper on a wall .	who is putting wall paper on a wall ?	woman
34969	A woman is putting wall paper on a wall .	what is the woman putting on a wall ?	paper
34970	She smooths the wall paper with her hands .	what does she smooth with her hands ?	paper
34971	She is rolling the wall paper onto the wall .	what is she rolling onto the wall ?	paper
34974	They hit the balls through the hoops with mallets .	what did they hit through the hoops with mallets ?	balls
34975	A young boy is wearing a bandana and mowing a large yard .	who is wearing the bandana and mowing a large yard ?	boy
34975	A young boy is wearing a bandana and mowing a large yard .	what is the young boy wearing and mowing a large yard ?	bandana
34978	A boy is sitting on a ramp with the flaps up on his dirt bike waiting to go on the course .	who is sitting on the ramp with the flaps up on his dirt bike waiting to go on the course ?	boy
34979	The boy then comes back and begins moving the pedals on the bicycle and then stands up on the bike .	who then comes back and begins moving the pedals on the bicycle and then stands up on the bike ?	boy
34980	Another angle is shown and the ramps are let down and the boy begins riding down the pavement .	what is shown and the ramps are let down and the boy begins riding down the pavement ?	angle
34981	A young child is seen sitting a top of a slide with his tongue sticking out .	who is seen sitting the top of a slide with his tongue sticking out ?	child
34986	Another man steps up with the pool stick to aim his shot and hits the balls .	what up with the pool stick to aim his shot and hits the balls ?	steps
34986	Another man steps up with the pool stick to aim his shot and hits the balls .	what does another man steps hit ?	balls
34988	The man is standing in the kitchen .	who is standing in the kitchen ?	man
34988	The man is standing in the kitchen .	where is the man standing . ?	kitchen
34990	The ingredients on the counter are in white containers .	what is the color of the containers ?	white
34991	the chef is holding a small piece of nut .	who is holding the small piece of nut ?	chef
34992	A skier holds a ski stick in his left hand and a pole in his right hand .	who holds the ski stick in his left hand and a pole in his right hand ?	skier
34993	Then , the man ski down the hill covered with snow .	then , what down the hill covered with snow ?	ski
34994	The man stops in middle of the hill .	who stops in middle of the hill ?	man
34995	Then , the man continues skiing until arrives to a city .	who does then , continue skiing until arrives to the city ?	man
34996	a man is on a field in a circle .	who is on the field in a circle ?	man
34998	He then throws the ball as far as he can , but falls down .	what does he then throw as far as he can , but falls down ?	ball
34999	A young man lying prone on a tiled floor with this hands behind his head and his knees bent attempts to perform a sit-up in front of a few friends .	who is lying prone on a tiled floor with this hands behind his head and his knees bent attempts to perform a sit-up in front of a few friends ?	man
35000	As he brings his elbows towards his knees , a loud crack can be heard as the man laughs , `` That hurt my ass . ''	what can , be heard as the man laughs , `` that hurt my ass . '' ?	crack
35002	The man says , `` one more '' and attempts another time , after which he says , `` that felt horrible . ''	who says , `` one more '' and attempts another time , after which he says , `` that felt horrible . '' ?	man
35003	The man struggles through nine more attempts before giving up to the amusement of his friends .	who struggles through nine more attempts before giving up to the amusement of his friends ?	man
35005	The man speaks to the camera and continues using the tool on the hedge .	who speaks to the camera and continues using the tool on the hedge ?	man
35008	The man strokes his fingers up and down the neck of the guitar while strumming the string and looking down at the neck .	who strokes his fingers up and down the neck of the guitar while strumming the string and looking down at the neck ?	man
35009	A man is standing at a counter .	who is standing at the counter ?	man
35010	The store front is shown to the door .	what is shown to the door ?	front
35011	the man is still at the counter talking .	who is still at the counter talking ?	man
35012	A man is runnign around a course with a gun .	who is runnign around the course with a gun ?	man
35013	The man is still talkign at the counter .	who is still talkign at the counter ?	man
35014	A man in the course is aiming his gun .	what is the man in the course aiming ?	gun
35015	The man at the counter is showing a particular gun .	what is the man at the counter showing ?	gun
35017	The man at the counter is still holding the gun talking .	what is the man at the counter still holding talking ?	gun
35025	A young boy is seen holding onto a lawn mower and pushing it along the yard .	who is seen holding onto the lawn mower and pushing it along the yard ?	boy
35026	The boy continues to push the mower around while the camera captures his movements .	who continues to push the mower around while the camera captures his movements ?	boy
35028	A white screen is shown and various logos are shown on top of the screen as it goes to a black screen .	what is shown and various logos are shown on top of the screen as it goes to a black screen ?	screen
35028	A white screen is shown and various logos are shown on top of the screen as it goes to a black screen .	who is the white screen shown and are shown on top of the screen as it goes to a black screen ?	logos
35028	A white screen is shown and various logos are shown on top of the screen as it goes to a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	white
35028	A white screen is shown and various logos are shown on top of the screen as it goes to a black screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
35029	A sun is rising and men are walking up a hill , pulling a rope , and reading a book .	what is rising and men are walking up a hill , pulling a rope , and reading a book ?	sun
35029	A sun is rising and men are walking up a hill , pulling a rope , and reading a book .	what is the sun rising and men are walking up , pulling a rope , and reading a book ?	hill
35029	A sun is rising and men are walking up a hill , pulling a rope , and reading a book .	what is the sun rising and men are walking up a hill , pulling , and reading a book ?	rope
35030	They continue to do various hobbies in the mountains and a man comes back and starts talking as the credits begin rolling .	who do they continue and comes back and starts talking as the credits begin rolling ?	man
35033	A lady stands and discusses .	who stands and discusses ?	lady
35036	A lady walks away from the inflated boat .	who walks away from the inflated boat ?	lady
35037	The lady used her hands to over her face .	who used her hands to over her face ?	lady
35038	People that are sitting on an inflated boat raise their paddles .	what do people raise ?	paddles
35039	An inflated boat flips over and the occupants falls overboard .	what flips over and the occupants falls overboard ?	boat
35039	An inflated boat flips over and the occupants falls overboard .	who does an inflated boat flip over and falls overboard ?	occupants
35040	The lady takes off her helmet .	who takes off her helmet ?	lady
35041	A guy gives the lady her white sandals .	who gives the lady her white sandals ?	guy
35041	A guy gives the lady her white sandals .	what does the guy give the lady ?	sandals
35041	A guy gives the lady her white sandals .	what is the color of the sandals ?	white
35042	The lady blows a kiss .	who blows the kiss ?	lady
35043	Guys are playing soccer outside .	who are playing soccer outside ?	guys
35044	Two red team players chest bump .	how many red team players chest bump ?	two
35044	Two red team players chest bump .	what is the color of the players ?	red
35047	Many woman are shown brushing the dogs and trimming their fur while giving them head scratches in between .	who are shown brushing the dogs and trimming their fur while giving them head scratches in between ?	woman
35048	More dogs are seen sitting in crates and barking at the camera while the wind blows on them .	what are seen sitting in crates and barking at the camera while the wind blows on them ?	dogs
35051	A man is seen holding an axe and looking back to smile at the camera .	who is seen holding an axe and looking back to smile at the camera ?	man
35052	The man then swings the axe down and hits a log of wood still smiling at the camera .	who then swings the axe down and hits a log of wood still smiling at the camera ?	man
35052	The man then swings the axe down and hits a log of wood still smiling at the camera .	the man then swings what down ?	axe
35055	A person dips a paint brush into a pan .	what did the person dip into a pan ?	brush
35059	A lady commentates over a video of a huge sum of people completing a marathon in New York City .	who commentates over the video of a huge sum of people completing a marathon in new york city ?	lady
35061	We we an opening screen for a product .	we we what for a product ?	opening
35063	The man reaches the house and turns to finish the other side of the walkway .	who reaches the house and turns to finish the other side of the walkway ?	man
35063	The man reaches the house and turns to finish the other side of the walkway .	what does the man reach ?	house
35065	We then see two closing screens .	what do we then see closing ?	screens
35065	We then see two closing screens .	how many closing screens do we then see ?	two
35066	Two men are in an inside court .	how many men are in an inside court ?	two
35069	A woman is seen putting her hair up in a pony tail with a man watching her on the side .	who is seen putting her hair up in a pony tail with a man watching her on the side ?	woman
35070	She then plays the piano while smiling and the man continuing to watch her .	what does she then play while smiling and the man continuing to watch her ?	piano
35072	A man takes off in a green kayak .	who takes off in the green kayak ?	man
35072	A man takes off in a green kayak .	what is the color of the kayak ?	green
35072	A man takes off in a green kayak .	where does the man take off . ?	kayak
35073	A man in a red jacket is talking to the camera .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
35080	His final ball is saved once again by the keeper .	what is saved once again by the keeper ?	ball
35081	A man sits at a table and holds a screwdriver which he presses it against the tabletop .	who sits at the table and holds a screwdriver which he presses it against the tabletop ?	man
35081	A man sits at a table and holds a screwdriver which he presses it against the tabletop .	what does the man hold ?	screwdriver
35082	The man pretents to time himself and uses the screwdriver tool to pierce a hole in a full beer can that sprays some of its contents .	who pretents to time himself and uses the screwdriver tool to pierce a hole in a full beer can that sprays some of its contents ?	man
35083	The man holds up the can with the hole facing upwards .	who holds up the can with the hole facing upwards ?	man
35083	The man holds up the can with the hole facing upwards .	what does the man hold up with the hole facing upwards ?	can
35084	The man drinks the contents of the beer can from the hole after opening the top .	who drinks the contents of the beer can from the hole after opening the top ?	man
35085	A man is sitting at a drum set .	who is sitting at the drum set ?	man
35093	The person is cutting grass with child proof scissors .	what is the person cutting with child proof scissors ?	grass
35094	woman is talking to the camera in front of a large gym with a lot of estatic bikes in the background and people doing exercise .	who is talking to the camera in front of a large gym with a lot of estatic bikes in the background and people doing exercise ?	woman
35095	girl start doing exercise in the elliptical bike .	who start doing exercise in the elliptical bike ?	girl
35095	girl start doing exercise in the elliptical bike .	where do girl start doing exercise . ?	bicycle
35097	The camera shows a board and leads back to the water , transitioning into people seen sitting inside the boat .	what shows the board and leads back to the water , transitioning into people seen sitting inside the boat ?	camera
35098	The camera walks around more and captures views of the inside as well as the water .	what walks around more and captures views of the inside as well as the water ?	camera
35100	The kids continue to kick the ball around one another while others watch on the side .	who continue to kick the ball around one another while others watch on the side ?	kids
35102	A man in a white shirt is sitting down playing a guitar .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
35106	A woman is giving instructions on how to install and adjust a saddle on a bike .	who is giving instructions on how to install and adjust a saddle on a bike ?	woman
35112	She puts the new one on and then uses tools to tighten it back on .	she then uses what ?	tools
35113	She uses a screwdriver to tighten the screws and adjust the level .	what does she use ?	screwdriver
35114	She then shows another saddle and demonstrates how to tighten the bolts to adjust the level of the saddle .	what does she then show ?	saddle
35116	A boy in grey throws a ball at a a kid on the other side of the court .	what does the boy in grey throw at a a kid on the other side of the court ?	ball
35118	He throws the ball back at the other kid after landing .	what does he throw back at the other kid after landing ?	ball
35120	Four men are working on the roof of a house .	how many men are working on the roof of a house ?	four
35122	A blonde woman does a very slow handstand facing towards the pool , then pushes off and does multiple flips before she dives into the pool creating a small splash .	who does the very slow handstand facing towards the pool , then pushes off and does multiple flips before she dives into the pool creating a small splash ?	woman
35125	A graphic is seen with a feather falling .	what is seen with the feather falling ?	graphic
35126	A man holds clips against a bracket placed on a wooden desk .	who holds clips against a bracket placed on a wooden desk ?	man
35128	The man finishes welding and picks up a stick from the wooden desk .	who finishes welding and picks up a stick from the wooden desk ?	man
35129	A chubby man is standing outside in a field and throws a yellow medicine ball demonstrating exercising to strengthen athletes for shot put .	who is standing outside in the field and throws a yellow medicine ball demonstrating exercising to strengthen athletes for shot put ?	man
35129	A chubby man is standing outside in a field and throws a yellow medicine ball demonstrating exercising to strengthen athletes for shot put .	what does the chubby man throw demonstrating exercising to strengthen athletes for shot put ?	ball
35129	A chubby man is standing outside in a field and throws a yellow medicine ball demonstrating exercising to strengthen athletes for shot put .	what is the color of the ball ?	yellow
35130	The man is then pictured in a gym doing reps with the bar and then begins throwing a ball up against the tree .	who is then pictured in a gym doing reps with the bar and then begins throwing a ball up against the tree ?	man
35131	Another boy then begins throwing a bag of sand before the previous man comes back and starts using elliptical machines .	who then begins throwing the bag of sand before the previous man comes back and starts using elliptical machines ?	boy
35134	People are practicing pole vaulting on a blue mat .	what are people practicing on a blue mat ?	vaulting
35134	People are practicing pole vaulting on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
35136	People are laying on a blue mat stretching .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
35138	They lob the ball back and forth over the net .	what do they lob back and forth over the net ?	ball
35140	We see men playing hockey in an ice rink .	where do we see men playing hockey . ?	rink
35142	The hockey puck slips past the goalie and into the goal net .	who does hockey slip past the goalie and into the goal net ?	puck
35143	The goalie gets up off the ground .	who gets up off the ground ?	goalie
35144	A lady walks to a barbell .	who walks to the barbell ?	lady
35145	She bends down and grabs the pole .	what does she grab ?	pole
35146	The lady stands and lifts the weight over her head .	who stands and lifts the weight over her head ?	lady
35147	The lady drops the barbell and smiles .	who drops the barbell and smiles ?	lady
35147	The lady drops the barbell and smiles .	what does the lady drop ?	barbell
35148	a woman is standing inside a dark kitchen , talking .	who is standing inside the dark kitchen , talking ?	woman
35149	She shows a cake cooling on a metal rack .	what does she show cooling on a metal rack ?	cake
35152	woman is with two kids in snow in a open land and they are on a inflatable sliding down a mountain .	who is with two kids in snow in a open land and they are on a inflatable sliding down a mountain ?	woman
35153	kids walks with the inflatable on their hands through the field and run to the mountain again .	who walks with the inflatable on their hands through the field and run to the mountain again ?	kids
35154	The young boy then reaches for his shin guard and puts it over his right leg and then folds his sock down over it .	who then reaches for his shin guard and puts it over his right leg and then folds his sock down over it ?	boy
35154	The young boy then reaches for his shin guard and puts it over his right leg and then folds his sock down over it .	what does the young boy fold down over it ?	sock
35156	Finally , he moves to his cleats and grabs a pair of orange Adidas soccer cleats and ties them up .	what is the color of the cleats ?	orange
35157	Everything is completed and the child sits criss-cross and begins talking to the camera .	who is everything completed and sits criss-cross and begins talking to the camera ?	child
35159	We see two men talking to each other .	how many men do we see talking to each other ?	two
35163	We see the subscribe screen .	what do we see ?	screen
35164	We see people riding and see a man ride a red toy kids skateboard and the cameraman kicks it across the lot .	we see people riding and see and who kicks it across the lot ?	cameraman
35164	We see people riding and see a man ride a red toy kids skateboard and the cameraman kicks it across the lot .	what is the color of the kids ?	red
35165	We then see the ending screen .	what do we then see ?	screen
35166	A man leans over the camera he has placed on a dog .	who leans over the camera he has placed on a dog ?	man
35167	The dog runs through different rooms of the house , then to the door and outside .	what runs through different rooms of the house , then to the door and outside ?	dog
35169	He returns home , and looks in his water bowl .	where does he look . ?	bowl
35170	A woman sitting on the floor talks to the camera while petting a dog .	who is sitting on the floor talks to the camera while petting a dog ?	woman
35171	The woman holds up some sort of tool while talking to the camera .	who holds up some sort of tool while talking to the camera ?	woman
35172	The woman uses the tool to brush the dog while talking .	who uses the tool to brush the dog while talking ?	woman
35172	The woman uses the tool to brush the dog while talking .	what does the woman use ?	tool
35173	The woman sets down the tool and pets the dog while talking to the camera .	who sets down the tool and pets the dog while talking to the camera ?	woman
35173	The woman sets down the tool and pets the dog while talking to the camera .	what does the woman pet while talking to the camera ?	dog
35174	The woman talks to the camera about the tool .	who talks to the camera about the tool ?	woman
35177	A skier uses a wind drone to propel him across a flat slope .	who uses the wind drone to propel him across a flat slope ?	skier
35178	The skier uses the wind drone to do a few passes on a flat area of a ski resort .	who uses the wind drone to do a few passes on a flat area of a ski resort ?	skier
35179	The camera pans across the ski area and views of the surrounding mountains .	what pans across the ski area and views of the surrounding mountains ?	camera
35180	The skier does a pass by on a large flat area going very fast .	who does the pass by on a large flat area going very fast ?	skier
35181	A man squats down and lifts a bar of weights in a gym .	who squats down and lifts the bar of weights in a gym ?	man
35182	He throws the bar down and it crashes into the floor and takes a deep breath .	what does he throw down and it crashes into the floor and takes a deep breath ?	bar
35183	A child swings on monkey bars .	who swings on monkey bars ?	child
35184	The child dismounts from the monkey bars .	who dismounts from the monkey bars ?	child
35185	The child walks towards the camera .	who walks towards the camera ?	child
35186	a elder man is on water standing on a jet ski .	who is on water standing on a jet ski ?	man
35187	The man begins to jet ski .	who begins to jet ski ?	man
35188	The man takes on hand off of the handle .	who takes on hand off of the handle ?	man
35189	The man places both hands back on the handle and jet skis .	who places both hands back on the handle and jet skis ?	man
35190	A mascot is seen running around a field as the camera pans around a large audience .	who is seen running around the field as the camera pans around a large audience ?	mascot
35191	Several mascots are seen holing sticks on a field walking around one another and leads into them chasing a ball .	who are seen holing sticks on the field walking around one another and leads into them chasing a ball ?	mascots
35193	There are 3 people at a store in a shoe section and there are two people on the ground trying on boots .	how many people are there at a store in a shoe section ?	three
35193	There are 3 people at a store in a shoe section and there are two people on the ground trying on boots .	how many people are there on the ground trying on boots ?	two
35194	The man on the ground removes his pink boot , throws it on the side and stands up smiling .	what does the man on the ground remove ?	boot
35195	The girl grabs his pink boot , tries it on her right foot and sits there modeling it while talking to the people around her .	who grabs his pink boot , tries it on her right foot and sits there modeling it while talking to the people around her ?	girl
35195	The girl grabs his pink boot , tries it on her right foot and sits there modeling it while talking to the people around her .	what does the girl grab ?	boot
35196	The girl then grabs the left boot , removes the stuff in it , tries it on and stands up to model them .	who then grabs the left boot , removes the stuff in it , tries it on and stands up to model them ?	girl
35196	The girl then grabs the left boot , removes the stuff in it , tries it on and stands up to model them .	what does the girl then grab ?	boot
35197	The girl stands next to the guy and they smile , she gives a thumbs up and he hugs her from behind .	who stands next to the guy and they smile , she gives a thumbs up and he hugs her from behind ?	girl
35199	The man finally moves and throws the ball down the Alley .	who finally moves and throws the ball down the alley ?	man
35199	The man finally moves and throws the ball down the Alley .	what does the man finally move and throws down the alley ?	ball
35201	A woman demonstrates how to do sit ups , in a gym room , using a woman who is simulating the exercise as an example .	who demonstrates how to do sit ups , in a gym room , using a woman who is simulating the exercise as an example ?	woman
35201	A woman demonstrates how to do sit ups , in a gym room , using a woman who is simulating the exercise as an example .	where does the woman demonstrate how to do sit ups , , using a woman who is simulating the exercise as an example . ?	room
35202	A woman kneels on the hardwood floors of a gym room and talks to the camera .	who kneels on the hardwood floors of a gym room and talks to the camera ?	woman
35203	The camera pans out and another woman is revealed lying on her back on a gym mat as the woman kneeling above her continues to talk .	what pans out and another woman is revealed lying on her back on a gym mat as the woman kneeling above her continues to talk ?	camera
35203	The camera pans out and another woman is revealed lying on her back on a gym mat as the woman kneeling above her continues to talk .	who does the camera pan out and is revealed lying on her back on a gym mat as the woman kneeling above her continues to talk ?	woman
35204	The woman lying down demonstrates how to do a sit up and the other woman continues to talk at times touching the other woman 's stomach .	who is lying down demonstrates how to do a sit up and the other woman continues to talk at times touching the other woman 's stomach ?	woman
35204	The woman lying down demonstrates how to do a sit up and the other woman continues to talk at times touching the other woman 's stomach .	who is the woman lying down demonstrates and continues to talk at times touching the other woman 's stomach ?	woman
35206	The man walks back several times and is shown continuing to throw the object .	who walks back several times and is shown continuing to throw the object ?	man
35207	The man continues to spin around while throwing the object off into the distance .	who continues to spin around while throwing the object off into the distance ?	man
35208	two men are standing in a court room playing squash .	how many men are standing in the court room playing squash ?	two
35209	man is wearing white shirt standing in a court room .	who is wearing white shirt standing in a court room ?	man
35209	man is wearing white shirt standing in a court room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
35209	man is wearing white shirt standing in a court room .	where is man wearing white shirt standing . ?	room
35211	A little boy is standing outside on the sidewalk he has his arms behind his back holding something .	who is standing outside on the sidewalk he has his arms behind his back holding something ?	boy
35215	A man wearing a red shirt is decorating a Christmas tree .	who is wearing a red shirt is decorating a christmas tree ?	man
35215	A man wearing a red shirt is decorating a Christmas tree .	the man wearing what is decorating a christmas tree ?	shirt
35215	A man wearing a red shirt is decorating a Christmas tree .	what is the man wearing a red shirt is decorating ?	tree
35215	A man wearing a red shirt is decorating a Christmas tree .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
35216	He is using white lights to wrap the tree around to decorate it .	what is the color of the lights ?	white
35218	Then he takes a gold colored garland and wraps the tree .	what does then he wrap ?	tree
35221	A man uses a hose to spray something vertically on a wooden wall .	who uses the hose to spray something vertically on a wooden wall ?	man
35221	A man uses a hose to spray something vertically on a wooden wall .	what does the man use to spray something vertically on a wooden wall ?	hose
35222	The man changes to spraying horizontally on the wall .	who changes to spraying horizontally on the wall ?	man
35223	The man manipulates the tip of the spray nozzle .	who manipulates the tip of the spray nozzle ?	man
35224	There 's a girl gymnast dressed in shiny blue leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in front of many spectators in a large gymnasium .	who does there 's dressed in shiny blue leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in front of many spectators in a large gymnasium ?	gymnast
35224	There 's a girl gymnast dressed in shiny blue leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in front of many spectators in a large gymnasium .	what is the color of the leotards ?	blue
35228	After she gets off the bar , she goes and hugs her coach .	who does , she go and hugs ?	coach
35230	Then the gymnast walks past the where the panel of judges are seated .	who does then walk past the where the panel of judges are seated ?	gymnast
35231	A woman is seen sitting on a rock and grabbing laundry out of a bucket .	who is seen sitting on the rock and grabbing laundry out of a bucket ?	woman
35234	A helicopter is seen driving over an ocean where people are seen surfing .	what is seen driving over an ocean where people are seen surfing ?	helicopter
35237	Young boys are shown playing ping pong with one another in a large gymnasium serving one after the other .	who are shown playing ping pong with one another in a large gymnasium serving one after the other ?	boys
35238	Another boy walks up to the table and starts playing with the other boys , which then turns into a two versus two game of Ping Pong .	who walks up to the table and starts playing with the other boys , which then turns into a two versus two game of ping pong ?	boy
35239	The boys take turns serving back and forth scoring points at random .	who take turns serving back and forth scoring points at random ?	boys
35240	The boy that was first shown is playing a third game now that is being kept score of by an official and scores the first 4 points .	who is playing a third game now that is being kept score of by an official and scores the first 4 points ?	boy
35241	The boy is playing yet another tournament with a different child in Ping Pong and seems to possibly be falling behind a little in points .	who is playing yet another tournament with a different child in ping pong and seems to possibly be falling behind a little in points ?	boy
35242	A man is showing off his motorbike .	who is showing off his motorbike ?	man
35242	A man is showing off his motorbike .	what is the man showing off ?	motorcycle
35244	Then he drives his bike on the track .	what does then he drive on the track ?	bicycle
35249	A swimmer puts on a pair of goggles getting ready .	who puts on the pair of goggles getting ready ?	swimmer
35250	The swimmer pulls a muscle in the pool and jumps up onto the pool deck and stretches out his leg .	who pulls the muscle in the pool and jumps up onto the pool deck and stretches out his leg ?	swimmer
35250	The swimmer pulls a muscle in the pool and jumps up onto the pool deck and stretches out his leg .	where does the swimmer pull a muscle . ?	pool
35251	A swimmer dives off from a board into the water with a splash .	who dives off from the board into the water with a splash ?	swimmer
35252	The athlete swims in a lane and pulls himself along with the float line .	who swims in the lane and pulls himself along with the float line ?	athlete
35252	The athlete swims in a lane and pulls himself along with the float line .	where does the athlete swim . ?	lane
35253	The swimmer swims underwater and pushes off the pool floor .	who swims underwater and pushes off the pool floor ?	swimmer
35253	The swimmer swims underwater and pushes off the pool floor .	what does the swimmer push off ?	floor
35254	The swimmer does a butterfly stroke in the pool lane .	who does the butterfly stroke in the pool lane ?	swimmer
35254	The swimmer does a butterfly stroke in the pool lane .	where does the swimmer do a butterfly stroke . ?	lane
35255	A gymnast jumps onto a pummel horse .	who jumps onto the pummel horse ?	gymnast
35256	The gymnast performs many spins around the horse as he holds onto the two bars on the pummel horse .	who performs many spins around the horse as he holds onto the two bars on the pummel horse ?	gymnast
35258	The gymnast jumps off the pummel horse .	who jumps off the pummel horse ?	gymnast
35258	The gymnast jumps off the pummel horse .	what does the gymnast jump off ?	horse
35259	A gymnast is seen jumping onto a set of uneven bars and performs a gymnastics routine in front of a large crowd .	who is seen jumping onto the set of uneven bars and performs a gymnastics routine in front of a large crowd ?	gymnast
35260	The man flips around the beams and ends with him jumping down with his arms up and waving to the crowd .	who flips around the beams and ends with him jumping down with his arms up and waving to the crowd ?	man
35261	A woman wearing a hat is seen sitting behind a large set of bongo drums .	who is wearing a hat is seen sitting behind a large set of bongo drums ?	woman
35261	A woman wearing a hat is seen sitting behind a large set of bongo drums .	the woman wearing what is seen sitting behind a large set of bongo drums ?	hat
35262	The woman plays on the drums continuously .	who plays on the drums continuously ?	woman
35263	The woman continues hitting the drums and ends by pointing to the camera and standing up .	who continues hitting the drums and ends by pointing to the camera and standing up ?	woman
35264	A girl is going across a set of monkey bars .	who is going across the set of monkey bars ?	girl
35268	man is in front of an automaic cashier and take some money of it , and go talk with some men in a room full of people .	who is in front of an automaic cashier and take some money of it , and go talk with some men in a room full of people ?	man
35269	men are sittig in a blackjack table and are gambling in a casino and talking to each other while people is looking the game and walking around the table .	where are men sittig in a blackjack table and are gambling and talking to each other while people is looking the game and walking around the table . ?	casino
35271	A woman washes a pot with soapy water while standing with her back to the camera at the kitchen sink .	who washes the pot with soapy water while standing with her back to the camera at the kitchen sink ?	woman
35271	A woman washes a pot with soapy water while standing with her back to the camera at the kitchen sink .	what does the woman wash with soapy water while standing with her back to the camera at the kitchen sink ?	pot
35272	The woman turns and talks to the camera while washing the pot and smiles a bit as the camera shakily catches the activity .	who turns and talks to the camera while washing the pot and smiles a bit as the camera shakily catches the activity ?	woman
35273	Two individuals are in room painting and doing redecorating .	how many individuals are in room painting and doing redecorating ?	two
35273	Two individuals are in room painting and doing redecorating .	where are two individuals and doing redecorating . ?	painting
35275	A woman in a red shirt is standing in a room .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
35275	A woman in a red shirt is standing in a room .	where is the woman in a red shirt standing . ?	room
35276	She starts working out on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
35278	A gymnast stretches out and climbs onto a set of parallel double bars .	who stretches out and climbs onto the set of parallel double bars ?	gymnast
35279	The gymnast does a routine in a competition on the double bars with flips and turns .	who does the routine in a competition on the double bars with flips and turns ?	gymnast
35280	The gymnast dismounts from the equipment and lands on the mat .	who dismounts from the equipment and lands on the mat ?	gymnast
35281	A boy is running down a track .	who is running down the track ?	boy
35282	The boy lifts his body above the height of a pole .	who lifts his body above the height of a pole ?	boy
35283	The boy lands on his back on to a red mat .	who lands on his back on to a red mat ?	boy
35283	The boy lands on his back on to a red mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	red
35284	The boy gets up from the mat .	who gets up from the mat ?	boy
35285	The boy celebrates by clapping and flexing both arms .	who celebrates by clapping and flexing both arms ?	boy
35286	A man stands and observes .	who stands and observes ?	man
35289	Several spectators are watching them and cheering them as they continue to play .	who are watching them and cheering them as they continue to play ?	spectators
35292	A woman opens the trunk of a car .	who opens the trunk of a car ?	woman
35293	She gets a spare tire out and sets it on the ground .	what does she get out ?	tire
35295	She puts the new tire on .	what does she put on ?	tire
35298	A person observes when people plays shuffleboard in the street .	where does the person observe when people plays shuffleboard . ?	street
35302	A man is shown outdoors , showing off his multitude of decorative bushes in his yard .	who is shown outdoors , showing off his multitude of decorative bushes in his yard ?	man
35305	An old woman talks in a costume shop .	who talks in the costume shop ?	woman
35305	An old woman talks in a costume shop .	where does an old woman talk . ?	shop
35307	After , the woman irons the sleeves of the garment and the body part .	who does after , iron the sleeves of the garment and the body part ?	woman
35308	Next , the woman shows the ironed garment .	who does next , show the ironed garment ?	woman
35308	Next , the woman shows the ironed garment .	what does next , the woman show ?	garment
35309	A man is hanging wallpaper on a wall .	who is hanging wallpaper on a wall ?	man
35313	A news woman is speaking from a news room .	who is speaking from the news room ?	woman
35315	A woman is shown drinking some kind of fluid on a dare , and the women take turns drinking the liquid .	who is shown drinking some kind of fluid on a dare , and the women take turns drinking the liquid ?	woman
35315	A woman is shown drinking some kind of fluid on a dare , and the women take turns drinking the liquid .	who is the woman shown , and take turns drinking the liquid ?	women
35316	A man and a woman dressed in black and red stand in the middle of a room surrounded by a very large amount of people sitting and watching them .	where did the man and a woman dress . ?	stand
35319	The man bends down and swings the female across his back where she flips over and ends the dance .	who bends down and swings the female across his back where she flips over and ends the dance ?	man
35320	A girl is sitting talking the the camera .	who is sitting talking the the camera ?	girl
35321	The girl points the camera to the ground .	who points the camera to the ground ?	girl
35321	The girl points the camera to the ground .	what does the girl point to the ground ?	camera
35323	The first girl proceeds to polish the second girl 's fingernails .	who proceeds to polish the second girl 's fingernails ?	girl
35324	A cheerleader perform graciously using a rod that spins in her right hand .	who perform graciously using the rod that spins in her right hand ?	cheerleader
35325	Then , she takes another rod to perform and spins at the same time the rods .	what does then , she spin at the same time ?	rods
35326	After , the cheerleader put one rod on the floor and continue performing only with one rod .	after , who put one rod on the floor and continue performing only with one rod ?	cheerleader
35326	After , the cheerleader put one rod on the floor and continue performing only with one rod .	how many rod did after , the cheerleader put on the floor ?	one
35329	They split again to make 4 different lines .	how many different lines did they split again to make ?	four
35331	A person is helping a young man to jump behind the rails of a bridge and check the belts .	who is the person helping ?	man
35332	Then , the man jumps down the bridge .	who does then , jump down the bridge ?	man
35333	A young man is seen looking into the camera holding a toothbrush .	who is seen looking into the camera holding a toothbrush ?	man
35334	The man then begins brushing his teeth in several shots .	who then begins brushing his teeth in several shots ?	man
35336	An athlete stands eagerly awaiting his turn while the judges prepare for his routine .	who stands eagerly awaiting his turn while the judges prepare for his routine ?	athlete
35337	A foreign commentator comments on his routine while he flips himself through the air .	who comments on his routine while he flips himself through the air ?	commentator
35338	The man continues twirling and flipping on the bars for his gymnastic routine while audience members cheer loudly .	who continues twirling and flipping on the bars for his gymnastic routine while audience members cheer loudly ?	man
35340	The athlete rests on the couch while the judges finish their critiques .	who rests on the couch while the judges finish their critiques ?	athlete
35341	Eventually the man hears his score and smiles pleasingly .	eventually who hears his score and smiles pleasingly ?	man
35342	A young girl is seen sitting in front of the camera with several objects being held in front of her face .	who is seen sitting in front of the camera with several objects being held in front of her face ?	girl
35343	Two hand pulls a tube through next to her and the woman then puts the tubes in the girl 's hair .	what does two hand pull through next to her and the woman then puts the tubes in the girl 's hair ?	tube
35343	Two hand pulls a tube through next to her and the woman then puts the tubes in the girl 's hair .	who does two hand pull a tube through next to her and then puts the tubes in the girl 's hair ?	woman
35343	Two hand pulls a tube through next to her and the woman then puts the tubes in the girl 's hair .	how many hand pulls the tube through next to her ?	two
35344	In the end the woman takes the tubes out and the girl continues to look at the camera .	who does in the end take the tubes out and the girl continues to look at the camera ?	woman
35344	In the end the woman takes the tubes out and the girl continues to look at the camera .	who does in the end the woman take the tubes out and continues to look at the camera ?	girl
35345	A girl starts to climb the monkey bars .	who starts to climb the monkey bars ?	girl
35348	A woman appears looking to help .	who appears looking to help ?	woman
35351	A small girl is washing the floor with a mop and talking to the camera man .	who is washing the floor with a mop and talking to the camera man ?	girl
35351	A small girl is washing the floor with a mop and talking to the camera man .	what is the small girl washing with a mop and talking to the camera man ?	floor
35352	The camera man talks to the girl about cleaning and why she likes it .	who talks to the girl about cleaning and why she likes it ?	man
35353	The girl finishes washing the floor .	who finishes washing the floor ?	girl
35355	One person is shown doing a set of jump rope tricks .	how many person is shown doing the set of jump rope tricks ?	one
35356	Two people are then shown doing more jump rope tricks .	how many people are then shown doing more jump rope tricks ?	two
35357	Next , four people are shown doing jump rope tricks in the gymnasium .	how many people are next , shown doing jump rope tricks in the gymnasium ?	four
35360	We see a red opening screen .	what do we see ?	screen
35360	We see a red opening screen .	what is the color of the screen ?	red
35363	The camera angle changes and we continue to watch the men pole vault .	what changes and we continue to watch the men pole vault ?	angle
35364	A man is seen lecturing a crowd while holding several green Frisbees in his hand .	who is seen lecturing the crowd while holding several green frisbees in his hand ?	man
35364	A man is seen lecturing a crowd while holding several green Frisbees in his hand .	what is the color of the frisbees ?	green
35365	After talking to the crowd he calls out and a dog runs out on the stage to him .	what is after talking to the crowd he calls out and runs out on the stage to him ?	dog
35366	At one point the dog starts to jump off the mans back as he chases after Frisbees .	what does at one point start to jump off the mans back as he chases after frisbees ?	dog
35368	In the end the man performs a trick with the dog and makes him do a back flip and grabs him and takes him off the stage .	in the end who performs a trick with the dog and makes him do a back flip and grabs him and takes him off the stage ?	man
35370	We then see a woman holding a flag in the center and many women alongside her as they jump on a massive jumprope .	who do we then see holding a flag in the center and many women alongside her as they jump on a massive jumprope ?	woman
35370	We then see a woman holding a flag in the center and many women alongside her as they jump on a massive jumprope .	we then see a woman holding what in the center and many women alongside her ?	flag
35372	When they finish , they freeze in a pose and the screen turns black .	what do , they freeze in a pose and turns black ?	screen
35373	A man holds a yellow canister as he clears a wood board .	who holds the yellow canister as he clears a wood board ?	man
35373	A man holds a yellow canister as he clears a wood board .	what does the man hold ?	canister
35373	A man holds a yellow canister as he clears a wood board .	what is the color of the canister ?	yellow
35374	He sprays the wood with the yellow canister .	what is the color of the canister ?	yellow
35378	A man appears and talks about a tree near the front of the building .	who appears and talks about the tree near the front of the building ?	man
35380	The company hat is then shown on the step , surrounded by leaves .	what is then shown on the step , surrounded by leaves ?	hat
35382	Three men are supervising the bullfighting , the bull push each other with their horns .	how many men are supervising the bullfighting ?	three
35383	A man got off from his truck , the other man pulled the bull off of his truck , the bull are tied on a poles .	who got off from his truck , the other man pulled the bull off of his truck , the bull are tied on a poles ?	man
35383	A man got off from his truck , the other man pulled the bull off of his truck , the bull are tied on a poles .	who did the man get off from his truck , pulled the bull off of his truck , the bull are tied on a poles ?	man
35383	A man got off from his truck , the other man pulled the bull off of his truck , the bull are tied on a poles .	what did the man get off from his truck , the other man pulled off of his truck , the bull are tied on a poles ?	bull
35383	A man got off from his truck , the other man pulled the bull off of his truck , the bull are tied on a poles .	what did the man get off from his truck , the other man pulled the bull off of his truck , are tied on a poles ?	bull
35384	Two men are holding each end of the rope as the black bull stumped on the ground .	how many men are holding each end of the rope as the black bull stumped on the ground ?	two
35384	Two men are holding each end of the rope as the black bull stumped on the ground .	what is the color of the bull ?	black
35386	A gymnast is seen looking off in the distance and rubbing her hands together .	who is seen looking off in the distance and rubbing her hands together ?	gymnast
35389	An Asian woman is standing outside in a large field wearing a pink loose linen like outfit .	who is standing outside in the large field wearing a pink loose linen like outfit ?	woman
35392	Two sumo wrestlers are shown in a ring as spectators and a referee watch .	who are shown in the ring as spectators and a referee watch ?	wrestlers
35392	Two sumo wrestlers are shown in a ring as spectators and a referee watch .	how many sumo wrestlers are shown in the ring as spectators and a referee watch ?	two
35393	The wrestlers crouch down and run into each other .	who crouch down and run into each other ?	wrestlers
35394	They briefly wrestle while one man gets thrown out of the ring .	how many man do they briefly wrestle while gets thrown out of the ring ?	one
35395	The winner performs a hand signal with the referee .	who performs the hand signal with the referee ?	winner
35396	The loser walks in the back as they show a replay of the win .	who walks in the back as they show a replay of the win ?	loser
35400	Another man runs around on a tennis court .	who runs around on the tennis court ?	man
35401	A black and white dog is standing near the main door of a house as he listens to the sound of helicopter .	what is standing near the main door of a house as he listens to the sound of helicopter ?	dog
35402	Then main door then opens and the dog steps back .	what does then then open and the dog steps back ?	door
35402	Then main door then opens and the dog steps back .	what does then main door then open and steps back ?	dog
35403	There are two dog trainers in an enclosed room training a dog to jump and catch several Frisbee .	how many dog trainers are there in an enclosed room training a dog to jump and catch several frisbee ?	two
35404	the male trainer throws the Frisbee at the dog and the dog jumps and fetches it for him .	who throws the frisbee at the dog and the dog jumps and fetches it for him ?	trainer
35404	the male trainer throws the Frisbee at the dog and the dog jumps and fetches it for him .	what does the male trainer throw the frisbee at the dog and jumps and fetches it for him ?	dog
35405	The trainer continuously throws the Frisbee and dog jumps high up and grabs the Frisbee every time .	who continuously throws the frisbee and dog jumps high up and grabs the frisbee every time ?	trainer
35406	There are several different trainers shown training and teaching their dogs tricks .	who are there shown training and teaching their dogs tricks ?	trainers
35410	Two women wearing matching outfits are on their microphones and kind of half watching a boy play with a rubix cube .	who are wearing matching outfits are on their microphones and kind of half watching a boy play with a rubix cube ?	women
35410	Two women wearing matching outfits are on their microphones and kind of half watching a boy play with a rubix cube .	how many women is wearing matching outfits are on their microphones and kind of half watching a boy play with a rubix cube ?	two
35411	The boy is solving the cube pretty quickly the girl seems pretty shocked .	who is solving the cube pretty quickly the girl seems pretty shocked ?	boy
35411	The boy is solving the cube pretty quickly the girl seems pretty shocked .	what is the boy solving pretty quickly the girl seems pretty shocked ?	cube
35413	Another boy in a blue shirt come up and starts to solve it and when he does the girls give hime a prize .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
35414	A person observes an old samurai temple .	what does the person observe ?	temple
35415	A man holds an arch and shoots arrows , while men sit on the road sorts arrows .	who holds an arch and shoots arrows , while men sit on the road sorts arrows ?	man
35416	Three small boards are fix on the ground , suddenly and arrow hits one board .	what are fix on the ground , suddenly and arrow hits one board ?	boards
35416	Three small boards are fix on the ground , suddenly and arrow hits one board .	how many small boards are fix on the ground , suddenly and arrow hits one board ?	three
35417	People gather on a road , then a old man gives a white box to a man dressed in white clothes .	who do people gather on a road , then gives a white box to a man dressed in white clothes ?	man
35417	People gather on a road , then a old man gives a white box to a man dressed in white clothes .	what do people gather on a road , then a old man gives to a man dressed in white clothes ?	box
35417	People gather on a road , then a old man gives a white box to a man dressed in white clothes .	what is the color of the box ?	white
35417	People gather on a road , then a old man gives a white box to a man dressed in white clothes .	what is the color of the clothes ?	white
35418	A boy does cartwheels and back hand springs on the grass as a friend watches and records .	who does cartwheels and back hand springs on the grass as a friend watches and records ?	boy
35418	A boy does cartwheels and back hand springs on the grass as a friend watches and records .	what does the boy do ?	cartwheels
35420	Another guy comes onto the screen and attempts to do some flips on the grass .	who comes onto the screen and attempts to do some flips on the grass ?	guy
35421	A girl walks out of a room and down a hall .	who walks out of the room and down a hall ?	girl
35424	A rod is inserted into her tonue and clipped , creating a piercing .	what is inserted into her tonue and clipped , creating a piercing ?	rod
35426	A custodian sprays the counter of a sink with a spray bottle .	who sprays the counter of a sink with a spray bottle ?	custodian
35427	The worker uses a brush to clean out the sink .	who uses the brush to clean out the sink ?	worker
35428	The worker uses a hand towel to clean out the liquid in the sink .	who uses the hand towel to clean out the liquid in the sink ?	worker
35428	The worker uses a hand towel to clean out the liquid in the sink .	where does the worker use a hand towel to clean out the liquid . ?	sink
35432	A woman is standing in a kitchen while talking .	who is standing in the kitchen while talking ?	woman
35433	She shows a bag , pushing on it with her fist .	what does she show , ?	bag
35436	A man picks up a long pole and starts running down a track .	who picks up the long pole and starts running down a track ?	man
35436	A man picks up a long pole and starts running down a track .	what does the man pick up ?	pole
35439	A man is seen speaking to the camera while more shots of the equipment are shown .	who is seen speaking to the camera while more shots of the equipment are shown ?	man
35441	Some people are playing beer bong having a good time , the man throws fist and he makes it into the girls cup .	what are some people playing bong having a good time , the man throws fist and he makes it into the girls cup ?	beer
35441	Some people are playing beer bong having a good time , the man throws fist and he makes it into the girls cup .	who are some people playing beer bong , throws fist and he makes it into the girls cup ?	man
35442	She drinks her drink and then wets her ball in water before throwing her ball .	what does she drink ?	drink
35442	She drinks her drink and then wets her ball in water before throwing her ball .	she then wets what in water before throwing her ball ?	ball
35445	We see a lady behind a bar talking .	who do we see behind a bar talking ?	lady
35446	The lady pours ice in glass .	who pours ice in glass ?	lady
35447	The lady pours three shots of liquor into a cup .	who pours three shots of liquor into a cup ?	lady
35447	The lady pours three shots of liquor into a cup .	how many shots does the lady pour of liquor into a cup ?	three
35448	The lady pours other stuff in and shakes it .	who pours other stuff in and shakes it ?	lady
35449	The lady pours the pours the drink into a glass .	who pours the pours the drink into a glass ?	lady
35450	The lady adds some red stuff .	who adds some red stuff ?	lady
35450	The lady adds some red stuff .	what is the color of the stuff ?	red
35451	The lady holds the glass and smiles .	who holds the glass and smiles ?	lady
35453	A man is joined by two others in front of a display of guns .	who is joined by two others in front of a display of guns ?	man
35455	A large dog is standing in a bath tub .	what is standing in the bath tub ?	dog
35455	A large dog is standing in a bath tub .	where is the large dog standing . ?	tub
35456	A woman in a pink shirt is scrubbing the dog with soap .	what is the woman in a pink shirt scrubbing with soap ?	dog
35458	Eight people are standing at the studio , one woman walked at the back of the group .	how many people are standing at the studio ?	eight
35461	Then , marching bands play and girls perform holding flags .	who do then , play and perform holding flags ?	girls
35461	Then , marching bands play and girls perform holding flags .	what do then , play and girls perform ?	flags
35466	A man wearing black is in a gym .	who is wearing black is in a gym ?	man
35466	A man wearing black is in a gym .	where is the man wearing black is . ?	gym
35467	He picks up some heavy barbells .	what does he pick up ?	barbells
35469	He then drops the barbells onto the ground .	what does he then drop onto the ground ?	barbells
35470	A man walks out of a building and starts skateboarding .	who walks out of the building and starts skateboarding ?	man
35473	We see a lady knitting and singing .	who do we see knitting and singing ?	lady
35475	Two people are in a room , wearing fencing equipment .	how many people are in the room , wearing fencing equipment ?	two
35475	Two people are in a room , wearing fencing equipment .	where are two people , wearing fencing equipment . ?	room
35478	They talk to each other and a broom enters the scene .	what do they talk to each other and enters the scene ?	broom
35480	The man stops and the lady stumbles .	who stops and the lady stumbles ?	man
35480	The man stops and the lady stumbles .	who does the man stop and stumbles ?	lady
35481	A man starts doing different things such as sneezing , cooking , using the restroom , and washing his face indicating when to wash your hands .	who starts doing different things such as sneezing , cooking , using the restroom , and washing his face indicating when to wash your hands ?	man
35483	She then turns on the faucet and rinses her hands , dries them , and puts the napkin in the trash can .	where does she then put the napkin . ?	can
35486	A woman wearing a pink and white shirt and black tights is standing in her front yard .	who is wearing a pink and white shirt and black tights is standing in her front yard ?	woman
35486	A woman wearing a pink and white shirt and black tights is standing in her front yard .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
35487	She is holding two batons in her and twirling them .	how many batons is she holding in her and twirling them ?	two
35490	She then throws the baton from underneath her leg and catches it with her other hand .	what does she then throw from underneath her leg ?	baton
35493	She finally bows down and holds the baton straight in her hand .	what does she finally hold straight in her hand ?	baton
35495	The person pauses and adjusts his helmet .	what does the person pause and adjusts ?	helmet
35496	The man lifts his helmet briefly .	who lifts his helmet briefly ?	man
35496	The man lifts his helmet briefly .	what does the man lift briefly ?	helmet
35497	The man lifts and lowers his helmet .	who lifts and lowers his helmet ?	man
35497	The man lifts and lowers his helmet .	what does the man lift and lowers ?	helmet
35498	the man looks out from under his helmet .	who looks out from under his helmet ?	man
35499	The man finishes and lifts his helmet .	who finishes and lifts his helmet ?	man
35499	The man finishes and lifts his helmet .	what does the man finish and lifts ?	helmet
35501	A guy messes with a bull .	who messes with the bull ?	guy
35502	A bull pushes a man down .	what pushes the man down ?	bull
35502	A bull pushes a man down .	who does the bull push down ?	man
35504	The bull is lured into a pen and the gates are close .	what is lured into the pen and the gates are close ?	bull
35504	The bull is lured into a pen and the gates are close .	who is the bull lured into a pen and are close ?	gates
35506	A male attaches two hollow sticks on a bull and runs off .	how many hollow sticks does the male attach on a bull ?	two
35507	The bull tackles the male .	what tackles the male ?	bull
35510	The male leaves a black shoe behind .	what does the male leave behind ?	shoe
35510	The male leaves a black shoe behind .	what is the color of the shoe ?	black
35512	The man nods his head .	who nods his head ?	man
35513	People walk off the rodeo dirt and the man covers his nose .	who do people walk off the rodeo dirt and covers his nose ?	man
35515	The girls squat down and they begin to do their cheer which consists of several stunts , tricks , and jumps across the mat .	who squat down and they begin to do their cheer which consists of several stunts , tricks , and jumps across the mat ?	girls
35517	little kid is hanging from a pole in a playground .	who is hanging from the pole in a playground ?	kid
35519	little kid is wearng pink shirt and is hanging from a side to side .	who is wearng pink shirt and is hanging from a side to side ?	kid
35519	little kid is wearng pink shirt and is hanging from a side to side .	what is little kid wearng ?	shirt
35523	He shows two aluminum plates that are joined together for demonstration purposes .	what does he show ?	plates
35523	He shows two aluminum plates that are joined together for demonstration purposes .	how many aluminum plates does he show that are joined together for demonstration purposes ?	two
35524	He takes the Nova rod and shows how he can weld the two pieces together .	how many pieces does he show how he can weld together ?	two
35525	He begins welding the two plates of aluminum .	how many plates does he begin welding of aluminum ?	two
35526	Then he hits the plates with a hammer and scrubs off the dust .	what does then he hit with a hammer ?	plates
35529	A man wearing a `` USA '' shirt , or team uniform approaches a two sided weight as a woman watches from the side near a door .	who is wearing a `` usa '' shirt , or team uniform approaches a two sided weight as a woman watches from the side near a door ?	man
35530	The man lifts the weight and the camera shows the process in slow motion .	who lifts the weight and the camera shows the process in slow motion ?	man
35531	A boy in a blue t-shirt bounces two basketballs in a gym while blocking another basketball player and making a goal with the ball .	how many basketballs does the boy in a blue t-shirt bounce in a gym while blocking another basketball player and making a goal with the ball ?	two
35531	A boy in a blue t-shirt bounces two basketballs in a gym while blocking another basketball player and making a goal with the ball .	what is the color of the t-shirt ?	blue
35531	A boy in a blue t-shirt bounces two basketballs in a gym while blocking another basketball player and making a goal with the ball .	where does the boy in a blue t-shirt bounce two basketballs while blocking another basketball player and making a goal with the ball . ?	gym
35532	A boy bounces two basketballs between his legs .	who bounces two basketballs between his legs ?	boy
35532	A boy bounces two basketballs between his legs .	how many basketballs does the boy bounce between his legs ?	two
35534	The player in the blue shirt blocks him and makes the goal , and then proceeds to do it again , twice .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
35535	man is playing piano with a lot of people gathered around him .	who is playing piano with a lot of people gathered around him ?	man
35535	man is playing piano with a lot of people gathered around him .	what is man playing with a lot of people gathered around him ?	piano
35536	man is holding a cellphone and is recording the man in the piano .	who is holding the cellphone and is recording the man in the piano ?	man
35536	man is holding a cellphone and is recording the man in the piano .	what is man holding ?	cellphone
35536	man is holding a cellphone and is recording the man in the piano .	where is man recording the man . ?	piano
35537	A man stands in front of the camera speaking and various trips of people and sites are shown .	who stands in front of the camera speaking and various trips of people and sites are shown ?	man
35538	Another man is interviewed followed by several more shots of the area .	who is interviewed followed by several more shots of the area ?	man
35542	A young girl is seen sitting on a bed with two knitting needles and thread in her hands .	who is seen sitting on the bed with two knitting needles and thread in her hands ?	girl
35543	The camera pans around her and watches her knit while she speaks and looks off into the distance .	what pans around her and watches her knit while she speaks and looks off into the distance ?	camera
35544	A boy in red jacket holds a window scraper tool and remove snow from a car windshield .	what does the boy in red jacket hold ?	tool
35544	A boy in red jacket holds a window scraper tool and remove snow from a car windshield .	what is the color of the jacket ?	red
35545	The boy turns the tool and uses the edge corner edge briefly .	who turns the tool and uses the edge corner edge briefly ?	boy
35545	The boy turns the tool and uses the edge corner edge briefly .	what does the boy turn ?	tool
35546	The boy continues to scrape the windshield as before with the broad side of the tool .	who continues to scrape the windshield as before with the broad side of the tool ?	boy
35547	We see the colorful title card .	what do we see ?	card
35548	We see kids playing at the playground .	who do we see playing at the playground ?	kids
35549	The boy gets off the swing and we follow him to the slide .	who gets off the swing and we follow him to the slide ?	boy
35550	The boy finishes sliding and goes to a different part of the park and plays around .	who finishes sliding and goes to the different part of the park and plays around ?	boy
35551	The boy slides and falls on the bridge before sliding down .	who slides and falls on the bridge before sliding down ?	boy
35553	We see the end screen .	what do we see ?	screen
35556	The man gets up and sits on the bed .	who gets up and sits on the bed ?	man
35557	These girls are shown kneeling down on the floor and playing dress up One girl put 's chap stick on her lips , cheeks , forehead , and under her eyes .	who are shown kneeling down on the floor and playing dress up one girl put 's chap stick on her lips , cheeks , forehead , and under her eyes ?	girls
35557	These girls are shown kneeling down on the floor and playing dress up One girl put 's chap stick on her lips , cheeks , forehead , and under her eyes .	how many girl are these girls shown kneeling down on the floor and playing dress up put 's chap stick on her lips , cheeks , forehead , and under her eyes ?	one
35558	Then another one puts a little makeup on the top of her eyes .	what does then another one put on the top of her eyes ?	makeup
35559	A young child is seen standing before a car holding a rag and looking at the camera .	who is seen standing before the car holding a rag and looking at the camera ?	child
35560	The boy uses the rag all over the car while the camera follows his movements .	who uses the rag all over the car while the camera follows his movements ?	boy
35560	The boy uses the rag all over the car while the camera follows his movements .	what does the boy use all over the car ?	rag
35562	Several people are seen drilling holes into the ice while looking down and speaking to the camera .	what are several people seen drilling into the ice ?	holes
35563	Many pictures are shown of the people fishing as well as pulling fish out of a hole .	what are shown of the people fishing as well as pulling fish out of a hole ?	pictures
35568	Ingredients are mixed together in a silver bowl .	what are mixed together in the silver bowl ?	ingredients
35568	Ingredients are mixed together in a silver bowl .	where are ingredients mixed together . ?	bowl
35576	A man in a suit plays a flute on stage in front of a man playing a piano .	what does the man in a suit play on stage in front of a man playing a piano ?	flute
35578	A scuba diver is under the water wearing oxygen in he mouth .	who is under the water wearing oxygen in he mouth ?	diver
35579	The diver is holding his eye mask , and put it on .	who is holding his eye mask , and put it on ?	diver
35579	The diver is holding his eye mask , and put it on .	what is the diver holding ?	mask
35580	A man is hedging a bush in a yard .	who is hedging the bush in a yard ?	man
35582	He finishes the hedge , showing off his skills .	what does he finish , ?	hedge
35583	A bulls runs in the street goring people and throwing them to the floor , while the bulls is attached to a rope .	what runs in the street goring people and throwing them to the floor , while the bulls is attached to a rope ?	bulls
35584	The bull enters a home , then the bull continues goring people in the street .	what enters the home , then the bull continues goring people in the street ?	bull
35584	The bull enters a home , then the bull continues goring people in the street .	what does the bull enter a home , then continues goring people in the street ?	bull
35584	The bull enters a home , then the bull continues goring people in the street .	where does the bull enter a home , then the bull continues goring people . ?	street
35585	The bull enters a corral and attack a person behind the fence , then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street .	what enters the corral and attack a person behind the fence , then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street ?	bull
35585	The bull enters a corral and attack a person behind the fence , then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street .	what does the bull enter , then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street ?	corral
35585	The bull enters a corral and attack a person behind the fence , then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street .	the bull enters a corral and attack a person behind the fence , then what continues fiercely goring people in the street ?	bull
35586	A person pet the bull through a window , after the bull clash with another bull that falls on the ground .	what did the person pet through a window , after the bull clash with another bull that falls on the ground ?	bull
35587	The bull attacks a dog sit on front a door .	what attacks the dog sit on front a door ?	bull
35588	The bull gores people and also attacks people on the sidewalk .	what gores people and also attacks people on the sidewalk ?	bull
35589	The bull continues goring people 's behind .	what continues goring people 's behind ?	bull
35590	First the man walks the blindfolded woman near the pinata and she starts swinging the broom to hit it .	who does first walk the blindfolded woman near the pinata and she starts swinging the broom to hit it ?	man
35592	After a while of trying , she hits the string the pinata is hanging from and knocks the pinata down , but has barely gotten any candy out .	what is after the while of trying , she hits , but has barely gotten any candy out ?	string
35592	After a while of trying , she hits the string the pinata is hanging from and knocks the pinata down , but has barely gotten any candy out .	what is after the while of trying , she hits the string , but has barely gotten out ?	candy
35594	The man continues to ride and then is seen up in the air with the helicopter and the pilots waving .	who continues to ride and then is seen up in the air with the helicopter and the pilots waving ?	man
35595	The man then lets go of the helicopter , riding down on a parachute and landing safely back into the water .	who then lets go of the helicopter , riding down on a parachute and landing safely back into the water ?	man
35596	The man then lays down while his shot is shown again and the woman speaks to him .	who then lays down while his shot is shown again and the woman speaks to him ?	man
35597	Two women are standing on a beach , wearing bikinis and holding a surf board .	who are standing on the beach , wearing bikinis and holding a surf board ?	women
35597	Two women are standing on a beach , wearing bikinis and holding a surf board .	how many women are standing on the beach , wearing bikinis and holding a surf board ?	two
35610	A man is seen speaking to the camera while man people stand around behind him and practice .	who is seen speaking to the camera while man people stand around behind him and practice ?	man
35615	A bicycle is shown in a room leaning up against a brown table .	what is shown in the room leaning up against a brown table ?	bicycle
35615	A bicycle is shown in a room leaning up against a brown table .	what is the color of the table ?	brown
35617	The pieces are then added back on the bike and tightened around the wheel .	what are then added back on the bike and tightened around the wheel ?	pieces
35617	The pieces are then added back on the bike and tightened around the wheel .	what did the pieces tighten around ?	wheel
35619	Then , the man grabs a cup and drinks , after he leaves .	who does then , grab the cup and drinks , after he leaves ?	man
35620	A woman touched a black phone , and a screen of purple capsule like bacteria showed up .	who touched the black phone , and a screen of purple capsule like bacteria showed up ?	woman
35620	A woman touched a black phone , and a screen of purple capsule like bacteria showed up .	what did the woman touch , and a screen of purple capsule like bacteria showed up ?	phone
35620	A woman touched a black phone , and a screen of purple capsule like bacteria showed up .	what is the color of the phone ?	black
35620	A woman touched a black phone , and a screen of purple capsule like bacteria showed up .	what is the color of the capsule ?	purple
35621	The person put back the phone , and started typing on the black keyboard .	what did the person put back ?	phone
35621	The person put back the phone , and started typing on the black keyboard .	what is the color of the keyboard ?	black
35622	The bacteria shot is put in the scene .	what is put in the scene ?	shot
35623	The woman put her hand on the mouse .	who put her hand on the mouse ?	woman
35625	The woman got up and walk towards the hallway .	who got up and walk towards the hallway ?	woman
35626	The woman saw a man and shake his hand .	who saw the man and shake his hand ?	woman
35626	The woman saw a man and shake his hand .	who did the woman saw ?	man
35627	The woman went to the bathroom .	who went to the bathroom ?	woman
35628	The woman took off her ring , wash her hand , got home soap and rub it on her hand thoroughly and rinse it .	who took off her ring , wash her hand , got home soap and rub it on her hand thoroughly and rinse it ?	woman
35628	The woman took off her ring , wash her hand , got home soap and rub it on her hand thoroughly and rinse it .	what did the woman get ?	soap
35629	The woman sneeze on her hand .	who sneeze on her hand ?	woman
35631	These two people shown here are riding their bikes over snowy humps outside .	these two people shown here are riding what over snowy humps outside ?	bicycles
35631	These two people shown here are riding their bikes over snowy humps outside .	how many people shown here are riding their bikes over snowy humps outside ?	two
35632	They 've rode over dirt humps .	what do they 've rode over ?	humps
35633	They 've also rode over sand humps in the building and other humps in a race .	what do they 've also rode over in the building and other humps in a race ?	humps
35634	A man is seen holding up objects while speaking to a woman and rubbing the object along the wall .	who is seen holding up objects while speaking to a woman and rubbing the object along the wall ?	man
35636	He holds up a spray bottle to spray the walls while the others help .	what does he hold up ?	bottle
35638	A baby is shown laying in bed while a comb gently brushes it 's hair .	who is shown laying in bed while a comb gently brushes it 's hair ?	baby
35638	A baby is shown laying in bed while a comb gently brushes it 's hair .	where is the baby shown laying while a comb gently brushes it 's hair . ?	bed
35639	The baby eventually smiling while the hand continues to brush the baby 's head .	who eventually smiling while the hand continues to brush the baby 's head ?	baby
35640	The baby gently closes it 's eyes and yawns while the brush continues to comb .	who gently closes it 's eyes and yawns while the brush continues to comb ?	baby
35641	A woman demonstrates how to wash the face by washing her face in sink .	who demonstrates how to wash the face by washing her face in sink ?	woman
35642	A woman stands over a sink and splashes water on her face .	who stands over the sink and splashes water on her face ?	woman
35643	The woman then works up a lather with liquid soap she has poured onto her hands .	who then works up the lather with liquid soap she has poured onto her hands ?	woman
35644	The woman then washes her face in circular motions the woman then used a towel to dry her face .	who then washes her face in circular motions the woman then used a towel to dry her face ?	woman
35645	A roofing commercial demonstrates how to fix a slate roof on a house .	what demonstrates how to fix the slate roof on a house ?	commercial
35646	A man cuts parts on a folding table outside and then installs a slate on a roof using power tools and tools from his tool belt .	who cuts parts on a folding table outside and then installs a slate on a roof using power tools and tools from his tool belt ?	man
35646	A man cuts parts on a folding table outside and then installs a slate on a roof using power tools and tools from his tool belt .	the man then installs what on a roof ?	slate
35647	The man installs copper pieces to the slate roof that protrude from the roof .	who installs copper pieces to the slate roof that protrude from the roof ?	man
35647	The man installs copper pieces to the slate roof that protrude from the roof .	what does the man install to the slate roof that protrude from the roof ?	pieces
35649	The man is playing the saxophone .	who is playing the saxophone ?	man
35649	The man is playing the saxophone .	what is the man playing ?	saxophone
35651	The camera came closer to the gold saxophone .	what came closer to the gold saxophone ?	camera
35652	The man continue playing while people walking past him .	who continue playing while people walking past him ?	man
35653	The man blow so hard on his saxophone .	who blow so hard on his saxophone ?	man
35654	A white bird standing behind the man .	what is standing behind the man ?	bird
35654	A white bird standing behind the man .	what is the color of the bird ?	white
35655	A man is lifting weights in the gym .	who is lifting weights in the gym ?	man
35655	A man is lifting weights in the gym .	where is the man lifting weights . ?	gym
35656	The ball goes to the man 's chest for the first time .	what goes to the man 's chest for the first time ?	ball
35657	The man takes a break .	who takes the break ?	man
35659	The water changes colors as the various paints are shown and the person creates a swirling pattern into the water .	what does the water change and the person creates a swirling pattern into the water ?	colors
35664	A man in a white hat is standing in the sand .	what is the color of the hat ?	white
35665	A person in a black shirt serves the volleyball but it does n't make it over the net .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
35666	Two teams play beach volleyball on front a crowd .	how many teams play beach volleyball on front a crowd ?	two
35667	A woman holds a smart phone .	who holds the smart phone ?	woman
35667	A woman holds a smart phone .	what does the woman hold ?	phone
35668	A man serves a ball .	who serves the ball ?	man
35668	A man serves a ball .	what does the man serve ?	ball
35669	A man wearing a cap and plaid shirt pass on front the players .	who is wearing a cap and plaid shirt pass on front the players ?	man
35671	A woman is demonstrating how to use the garden shears in different situations .	who is demonstrating how to use the garden shears in different situations ?	woman
35672	A younger girl demonstrates how to use the shears .	who demonstrates how to use the shears ?	girl
35673	An older man shows how he uses the shears .	who shows how he uses the shears ?	man
35674	A young man is shown using the shears to reach something above his head .	who is shown using the shears to reach something above his head ?	man
35675	The original woman shown demonstrates using the shears on different plant types .	who shown demonstrates using the shears on different plant types ?	woman
35676	The same woman shows how to use the telescoping handle of the shears and cutting plants that would be out of reach .	who shows how to use the telescoping handle of the shears and cutting plants that would be out of reach ?	woman
35677	The same woman walks down a path with the shears .	who walks down the path with the shears ?	woman
35678	The woman then shows how the shears work demonstrating on several other plants .	who then shows how the shears work demonstrating on several other plants ?	woman
35679	A young woman is shown using the shears .	who is shown using the shears ?	woman
35680	An older man uses the shears .	who uses the shears ?	man
35680	An older man uses the shears .	what does an older man use ?	shears
35681	Another man is shown using the shears to reach tree limbs .	who is shown using the shears to reach tree limbs ?	man
35682	The first woman shows additional features of the shears and the same examples of other people using the shears is shown again .	who shows additional features of the shears and the same examples of other people using the shears is shown again ?	woman
35683	The woman walks up a set of stairs with the shears .	who walks up the set of stairs with the shears ?	woman
35684	The same woman is shown in the store purchasing the shears .	who is shown in the store purchasing the shears ?	woman
35685	Two men are inside a gym .	how many men are inside the gym ?	two
35686	One is in boxing gloves and the other is wearing arm guards .	who is one in boxing gloves and the other is wearing ?	guards
35688	A woman gives a hair tutorial .	who gives the hair tutorial ?	woman
35689	The woman ties her hair and prepares it so that it looks better .	who ties her hair and prepares it so that it looks better ?	woman
35690	A young man in a white karate uniform practices some moves .	what is the color of the uniform ?	white
35693	man is talking in front of the camera and the team is standing in a big green grassy field .	who is talking in front of the camera and the team is standing in a big green grassy field ?	man
35693	man is talking in front of the camera and the team is standing in a big green grassy field .	what is the color of the field ?	green
35694	man starts playing cricket in the field .	who starts playing cricket in the field ?	man
35695	woman is talking to the camera in news .	who is talking to the camera in news ?	woman
35696	A girl is riding in the back seat of a car , playing lipstick to a baby girl in a car seat .	who is riding in the back seat of a car , playing lipstick to a baby girl in a car seat ?	girl
35697	The girl takes the wand , trying to put it on her own lips .	who takes the wand , trying to put it on her own lips ?	girl
35699	A man is talking inside a shop .	who is talking inside the shop ?	man
35701	The man irons then brushes a long piece of metal .	what then brushes the long piece of metal ?	irons
35704	A school bus is on the street behind them .	what is on the street behind them ?	bus
35705	A man in a black sweater quickly performs a Rubik cube challenge as the timer ticks .	what is the color of the sweater ?	black
35706	A man sits next to him watching .	who sits next to him watching ?	man
35707	The man in the black sweater finishes and jumps up in excitement .	what is the color of the sweater ?	black
35708	The man that was sitting next to him stands up and is joined by other young men .	who stands up and is joined by other young men ?	man
35712	Two men cook omelettes on long pans in the street .	who omelettes on long pans in the street ?	cook
35712	Two men cook omelettes on long pans in the street .	how many men cook omelettes on long pans in the street ?	two
35714	A man puts scrambles eggs in the hot pan using two stick to turn over the eggs .	who puts scrambles eggs in the hot pan using two stick to turn over the eggs ?	man
35714	A man puts scrambles eggs in the hot pan using two stick to turn over the eggs .	what does the man put in the hot pan using two stick to turn over the eggs ?	eggs
35715	Then the man adds more scrambled eggs while turning the omelette to make it bigger .	who does then add more scrambled eggs while turning the omelette to make it bigger ?	man
35715	Then the man adds more scrambled eggs while turning the omelette to make it bigger .	what does then the man add while turning the omelette to make it bigger ?	eggs
35717	A man jumps onto parallel bars .	who jumps onto parallel bars ?	man
35721	A man stands in a stair rail holding a knife .	who stands in the stair rail holding a knife ?	man
35722	A guy prepare to play the drums .	who prepare to play the drums ?	guy
35723	The guy plays a drum set .	who plays the drum set ?	guy
35726	A camera pans outside of a building and looks into a dark room where a man is exercising and speaking to the camera .	what pans outside of a building and looks into a dark room where a man is exercising and speaking to the camera ?	camera
35727	The man continues riding on the equipment while moving faster and slower and the camera pans around his movements .	who continues riding on the equipment while moving faster and slower and the camera pans around his movements ?	man
35728	A horseman sits on a horse and a person stands on front a cattle squeeze chute .	who sits on the horse and a person stands on front a cattle squeeze chute ?	horseman
35730	After , the horseman throws the hoop and catch the calf , then quickly he lie the calf on the floor and tie the legs .	what do , then quickly he lie on the floor ?	calf
35731	A woman with blonde long hair is carrying a white hula hoops , the hula hoops has rainbow colored tape on parts of it .	what is the color of the hoops ?	white
35732	The girl walked towards the lake , she is walking barefoot on the grass .	who walked towards the lake , she is walking barefoot on the grass ?	girl
35733	The camera turns towards her face , then she started swirling the hula hoops and put it on her .	what turns towards her face , then she started swirling the hula hoops and put it on her ?	camera
35734	The girl started to do hula hoops tricks , first on her waist then up , then to her legs and arms .	who started to do hula hoops tricks , first on her waist then up , then to her legs and arms ?	girl
35738	They then put soap on their hands , scrub the soap in , and rinse their hands through the water .	what do they then put on their hands ?	soap
35738	They then put soap on their hands , scrub the soap in , and rinse their hands through the water .	what do they then scrub in ?	soap
35740	A woman is smoking a cigarette .	who is smoking the cigarette ?	woman
35740	A woman is smoking a cigarette .	what is the woman smoking ?	cigarette
35745	The man in red shirt run towards the ball , kicked the ball , and the goalkeeper was n't able to block it , the player high five his teammates .	what is the color of the shirt ?	red
35746	The players are kicking the ball to the goal and the goalkeepers were n't able to block the ball .	what are the players kicking to the goal and the goalkeepers were n't able to block the ball ?	ball
35746	The players are kicking the ball to the goal and the goalkeepers were n't able to block the ball .	who are the players kicking the ball to the goal and were n't able to block the ball ?	goalkeepers
35747	A young man in a green jacket is standing in front of a mound of dirt and is talking about his maintenance tasks .	what is the color of the jacket ?	green
35748	The man then comes in the back yard with a green wheelbarrow and dumps the dirt in the back yard .	who then comes in the back yard with a green wheelbarrow and dumps the dirt in the back yard ?	man
35748	The man then comes in the back yard with a green wheelbarrow and dumps the dirt in the back yard .	what is the color of the wheelbarrow ?	green
35751	A cat is sitting in a cat bed .	what is sitting in the cat bed ?	cat
35751	A cat is sitting in a cat bed .	where is the cat sitting . ?	bed
35752	It is licking its paw .	what is it licking ?	paw
35753	It then wipes its paw on its ear .	what does it then wipe on its ear ?	paw
35755	A person sprays the sink with a bottle then uses scrub brushes to scrub the sink .	the person sprays what with a bottle then uses scrub brushes to scrub the sink ?	sink
35756	The person rinses the sink the wipes it with a blue towel .	what is the color of the towel ?	blue
35757	The person then rinses the sink again and wipes it down with the blue towel again .	what does the person then rinse again ?	sink
35757	The person then rinses the sink again and wipes it down with the blue towel again .	what is the color of the towel ?	blue
35758	The person sprays the sink with a solution and uses a small roller paint brush to run the solution into the sink .	what did the person spray with a solution ?	sink
35760	A woman is standing behind a table .	who is standing behind the table ?	woman
35764	She is painting one of the houses with blue paint .	what is the color of the paint ?	blue
35766	A woman stands by a yellow hopscotch and talks to the camera .	who stands by the yellow hopscotch and talks to the camera ?	woman
35766	A woman stands by a yellow hopscotch and talks to the camera .	what is the color of the hopscotch ?	yellow
35767	The woman plays hopscotch on the painted concrete .	who plays hopscotch on the painted concrete ?	woman
35768	The woman talks to the camera once again .	who talks to the camera once again ?	woman
35769	An old man in white shirt is brushing the the body of the brown horse .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
35769	An old man in white shirt is brushing the the body of the brown horse .	what is the color of the horse ?	brown
35771	People carrying flags follows behind them .	people carrying what follows behind them ?	flags
35772	The drummers at at the back playing their drums .	who at at the back playing their drums ?	drummers
35772	The drummers at at the back playing their drums .	the drummers at at the back playing what ?	drums
35773	A colorful intro includes the white words that say `` World 's Most DANGEROUS SPORTS Events '' and the green letters separately `` SRP '' .	what is the color of the words ?	white
35773	A colorful intro includes the white words that say `` World 's Most DANGEROUS SPORTS Events '' and the green letters separately `` SRP '' .	what is the color of the letters ?	green
35774	Madrid Spain on a map appears and it quickly goes into various different clips of men in arenas holding red capes as they taunt angry bulls .	what is the color of the capes ?	red
35775	People begin to run towards the bull and the man to help him and the injured man quickly gets carried and run out of the area of danger .	who do people begin and quickly gets carried and run out of the area of danger ?	man
35776	The intro appears and it 's a black screen with the green letters SRP , production credits along with the rights .	what is the color of the screen ?	black
35776	The intro appears and it 's a black screen with the green letters SRP , production credits along with the rights .	what is the color of the srp ?	green
35777	A dog is seen wandering around a yard as well as a man speaking to the camera .	what is seen wandering around the yard as well as a man speaking to the camera ?	dog
35778	The dog moves around the area while the man continues to speak to the camera .	what moves around the area while the man continues to speak to the camera ?	dog
35779	The dog runs back and fourth while the camera zooms in on his face .	what runs back and fourth while the camera zooms in on his face ?	dog
35780	A woman is in a kitchen talking .	who is in the kitchen talking ?	woman
35781	She pours cleaner in a sink and describes some cleaning tools .	what does she describe cleaning ?	tools
35781	She pours cleaner in a sink and describes some cleaning tools .	where does she pour cleaner . ?	sink
35782	She puts a powder in the sink and squeezes a lemon over the powder .	where does she put a powder . ?	sink
35784	She turns the water on for a second and then uses a stone on the sink before using the sprayer to rinse everything .	she then uses what on the sink before using the sprayer to rinse everything ?	stone
35785	A man holds a welding device and adjusts it while showing his work area .	who holds the welding device and adjusts it while showing his work area ?	man
35785	A man holds a welding device and adjusts it while showing his work area .	what does the man hold welding ?	device
35786	The welder is held over a steel plate and moved slowly .	who is held over the steel plate and moved slowly ?	welder
35787	The man pulls the welder over a copper colored piece of metal .	who pulls the welder over a copper colored piece of metal ?	man
35788	The man puts down his face guard and welds a spot on a piece of metal .	who puts down his face guard and welds a spot on a piece of metal ?	man
35789	The man stops for a break .	who stops for the break ?	man
35790	The man welds a line into a piece of material .	who welds the line into a piece of material ?	man
35791	The man holds up a hammer chisel over the bar of metal and chips off some pieces .	who holds up the hammer chisel over the bar of metal and chips off some pieces ?	man
35791	The man holds up a hammer chisel over the bar of metal and chips off some pieces .	what does the man chip off ?	pieces
35792	the man uses a wire brush to clean the metal .	who uses the wire brush to clean the metal ?	man
35794	The person then puts the contact lens in their eye and rubs their eye while blinking multiple times .	what does the person then put contact in their eye ?	lens
35796	We see people standing on a blue stage .	what is the color of the stage ?	blue
35798	The men lift the women who spin into their arms .	who do the men lift ?	women
35800	The men hold the women by one leg and almost drop a lady .	who do the men hold by one leg ?	women
35800	The men hold the women by one leg and almost drop a lady .	the men almost drop who ?	lady
35801	A girl brings letters onto the field .	who brings letters onto the field ?	girl
35805	Two women flip out of a stance , and they end in the air .	who flip out of the stance , and they end in the air ?	women
35805	Two women flip out of a stance , and they end in the air .	how many women flip out of the stance ?	two
35808	He throws the ball across to another swimmer who catches the ball .	what does he throw across to another swimmer who catches the ball ?	ball
35809	Two swimmers are under water trying to reach the ball .	who are under water trying to reach the ball ?	swimmers
35809	Two swimmers are under water trying to reach the ball .	how many swimmers are under water trying to reach the ball ?	two
35810	They pass the ball around as they swim through the water .	what do they pass around ?	ball
35811	Then the swimmers swim their way up and get out of the pool while some other swimmers are still inside the pool .	then who swim their way up and get out of the pool while some other swimmers are still inside the pool ?	swimmers
35814	A small child is seen looking up at the camera holding a coffee cup .	who is seen looking up at the camera holding a coffee cup ?	child
35815	The girl takes a drink out of the cup and puts it back down .	who takes the drink out of the cup and puts it back down ?	girl
35825	A woman walks forward talking to the camera and putting her hands on her hips .	who walks forward talking to the camera and putting her hands on her hips ?	woman
35826	A girl is shown playing field hockey and presents various clips of herself doing moves .	who is shown playing field hockey and presents various clips of herself doing moves ?	girl
35829	A child almost falls on the left .	who almost falls on the left ?	child
35831	We see a boy in a black coat running with his raft in tow .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
35832	A man with glasses playing an accordion and smiling .	what is the man with glasses playing ?	accordion
35833	The camera zooms in on his fingers going up and down the neck of the instrument .	what zooms in on his fingers going up and down the neck of the instrument ?	camera
35834	The man continues to play his song and smiles to the camera while moving up and down .	who continues to play his song and smiles to the camera while moving up and down ?	man
35835	A kid stands on a court as a group of judges watch him jump rope rapidly .	who stands on the court as a group of judges watch him jump rope rapidly ?	kid
35836	Behind him , other competitors jump rope , too .	who do behind him , jump rope , too ?	competitors
35836	Behind him , other competitors jump rope , too .	what do behind him , other competitors jump , too ?	rope
35837	A man is lifting a large weight over his head several times .	who is lifting the large weight over his head several times ?	man
35838	A woman walks in front of him .	who walks in front of him ?	woman
35839	A man in a black shirt stands behind him .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
35843	A young man is seen sitting in a chair holding a vacuum in his hands .	who is seen sitting in the chair holding a vacuum in his hands ?	man
35844	The boy speaks to the camera while still pushing the vacuum back and fourth .	who speaks to the camera while still pushing the vacuum back and fourth ?	boy
35845	The camera moves closer to the boy and zooms in on his face while vacuuming .	what moves closer to the boy and zooms in on his face while vacuuming ?	camera
35846	A man is standing on top of a truck .	who is standing on top of a truck ?	man
35847	Two men jump onto a trampoline .	how many men jump onto the trampoline ?	two
35848	One of the men lays down and the other man hits him .	who does one of the men lay down and hits him ?	man
35851	The camera pans out and shows a silver car .	what pans out and shows the silver car ?	camera
35851	The camera pans out and shows a silver car .	what does the camera show ?	car
35853	The person is holding a hose and washing the car .	what is the person holding and washing the car ?	hose
35853	The person is holding a hose and washing the car .	what is the person holding a hose and washing ?	car
35854	They dip the stick into a bucket of soapy water and continue washing the car .	what do they dip into a bucket of soapy water ?	stick
35855	They hold the hose up and pour the water on their face .	what do they hold up ?	hose
35857	Two people are standing in front of a street performance .	how many people are standing in front of a street performance ?	two
35860	A volleyball coach stands by a net holding a ball and speaks .	who stands by the net holding a ball and speaks ?	coach
35861	Two groups of girls run out to the middle of a court to grab volleyballs .	how many groups of girls run out to the middle of a court to grab volleyballs ?	two
35862	They throw the balls at each other .	what do they throw at each other ?	balls
35863	The coach is seen giving instructions .	who is seen giving instructions ?	coach
35864	The girls continue to throw the balls at each other .	who continue to throw the balls at each other ?	girls
35865	Two girls stand by the sidelines talking .	who stand by the sidelines talking ?	girls
35865	Two girls stand by the sidelines talking .	how many girls stand by the sidelines talking ?	two
35866	A man wearing black pants , a plaid shirt and baseball cap trims a dark green hedge with an electric hedge trimmer .	who is wearing black pants , a plaid shirt and baseball cap trims a dark green hedge with an electric hedge trimmer ?	man
35866	A man wearing black pants , a plaid shirt and baseball cap trims a dark green hedge with an electric hedge trimmer .	what is the man wearing black pants , a plaid shirt and baseball cap trims with an electric hedge trimmer ?	hedge
35866	A man wearing black pants , a plaid shirt and baseball cap trims a dark green hedge with an electric hedge trimmer .	what is the color of the pants ?	black
35866	A man wearing black pants , a plaid shirt and baseball cap trims a dark green hedge with an electric hedge trimmer .	what is the color of the hedge ?	green
35867	The man trims a smaller light green hedge with the trimmer .	who trims the smaller light green hedge with the trimmer ?	man
35867	The man trims a smaller light green hedge with the trimmer .	what is the color of the hedge ?	green
35868	The man trims another hedge with trimmer .	who trims another hedge with trimmer ?	man
35870	A man is seen speaking to the camera indoors as well as outdoors .	who is seen speaking to the camera indoors as well as outdoors ?	man
35873	There 's a fitness trainer representing The FitCast fitness in a gym demonstrating how to do a tall kneeling palloff press .	who does there 's representing the fitcast fitness in a gym demonstrating how to do a tall kneeling palloff press ?	trainer
35874	He is kneeling down on the floor in a black shirt and gray sweat pants .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
35874	He is kneeling down on the floor in a black shirt and gray sweat pants .	what is the color of the pants ?	gray
35876	A man in a garage stands over a plank of wood .	where does the man stand over a plank of wood . ?	garage
35877	The man takes some white paste out of a can , adds some coloring to it and mixes it .	who takes some white paste out of a can , adds some coloring to it and mixes it ?	man
35877	The man takes some white paste out of a can , adds some coloring to it and mixes it .	what does the man add to it ?	coloring
35877	The man takes some white paste out of a can , adds some coloring to it and mixes it .	what is the color of the paste ?	white
35878	The man applies the brown colored paste to holes in the wood .	who applies the brown colored paste to holes in the wood ?	man
35878	The man applies the brown colored paste to holes in the wood .	what is the color of the paste ?	brown
35880	The man spins a ball to go around the pins to hit more in the end .	who spins the ball to go around the pins to hit more in the end ?	man
35880	The man spins a ball to go around the pins to hit more in the end .	what does the man spin ?	ball
35881	The person spins another ball that is followed shortly afterwards .	what does the person spin ?	ball
35883	the owner takes out the spare tire and tools .	who takes out the spare tire and tools ?	owner
35884	The person jacks up the car .	what does the person jack up ?	car
35886	The man takes off the bad tire .	who takes off the bad tire ?	man
35887	The man shows a screw in his tire .	who shows the screw in his tire ?	man
35887	The man shows a screw in his tire .	where does the man show a screw . ?	tire
35888	The man puts the spare tire on .	who puts the spare tire on ?	man
35888	The man puts the spare tire on .	what does the man put on ?	tire
35889	The man lowers the car on the spare .	who lowers the car on the spare ?	man
35890	A man jumps onto a balance beam .	who jumps onto the balance beam ?	man
35893	A man blows dead leaves of a backyard .	who blows dead leaves of a backyard ?	man
35895	A man holds a huge kite in a big field .	who holds the huge kite in a big field ?	man
35896	A dog chases the man as he runs and jumps .	what chases the man as he runs and jumps ?	dog
35896	A dog chases the man as he runs and jumps .	who does the dog chase ?	man
35897	The man brings the kite to the ground .	who brings the kite to the ground ?	man
35897	The man brings the kite to the ground .	what does the man bring to the ground ?	kite
35898	A man is pouring something onto a large camp fire .	who is pouring something onto a large camp fire ?	man
35899	A dog walks around the camp site .	what walks around the camp site ?	dog
35900	A person in a yellow shirt holding a blanket walks around the fire .	what is the color of the shirt ?	yellow
35902	She brings out batons and twirls them around while dancing .	what does she bring out ?	batons
35904	A man is seen sitting in a large gym while speaking to the camera and sitting on a medicine ball .	who is seen sitting in the large gym while speaking to the camera and sitting on a medicine ball ?	man
35904	A man is seen sitting in a large gym while speaking to the camera and sitting on a medicine ball .	where is the man seen sitting while speaking to the camera and sitting on a medicine ball . ?	gym
35905	The man then bends forward onto the ball while still speaking to the camera .	who then bends forward onto the ball while still speaking to the camera ?	man
35906	The man continues to balance on the ball and sits himself up as well as catches a ball .	who continues to balance on the ball and sits himself up as well as catches a ball ?	man
35907	Two men sit behind a table with a pumpkin on it .	how many men sit behind the table with a pumpkin on it ?	two
35908	A man smashes the pumpkin with a hammer .	who smashes the pumpkin with a hammer ?	man
35910	A man lifts a young girl up to reach the sink in a bathroom .	who lifts the young girl up to reach the sink in a bathroom ?	man
35910	A man lifts a young girl up to reach the sink in a bathroom .	who does the man lift up ?	girl
35910	A man lifts a young girl up to reach the sink in a bathroom .	where does the man lift a young girl up to reach the sink . ?	bathroom
35911	Both the man and the girl reach for their toothbrush and add toothpaste at the same time .	what do both the man and the girl add at the same time ?	toothpaste
35912	They look in the mirror together as the man shows the girl how to brush her teeth properly .	where do they look together as the man shows the girl how to brush her teeth properly . ?	mirror
35914	The man then teaches the girl to floss .	who then teaches the girl to floss ?	man
35914	The man then teaches the girl to floss .	who does the man then teach to floss ?	girl
35915	They put their toothbrushes away and the man helps the girl back to the floor .	what did they put away and the man helps the girl back to the floor ?	toothbrushes
35915	They put their toothbrushes away and the man helps the girl back to the floor .	who did they put their toothbrushes away and helps the girl back to the floor ?	man
35915	They put their toothbrushes away and the man helps the girl back to the floor .	who did they put their toothbrushes away and the man helps back to the floor ?	girl
35916	They walk away together and turn off the bathroom light .	what do they turn off ?	light
35917	A man in a black shirt smiles at the camera .	what is the color of the shirt ?	black
35918	He pulls out a harmonica and begins to play it .	what does he pull out ?	harmonica
35921	A bumper car arena is shown followed by people driving around and bumping into one another .	what is shown followed by people driving around and bumping into one another ?	arena
35923	A man hangs wallpaper on a blank wall .	who hangs wallpaper on a blank wall ?	man
35924	Each frame is rolled down and put on the wall .	what is rolled down and put on the wall ?	frame
35926	The people in the room are playing wall ball .	what are the people in the room playing ?	ball
35926	The people in the room are playing wall ball .	where are the people playing wall ball . ?	room
35928	A woman is seen performing a belly dancing routine in a dark room with one single line shown on her .	who is seen performing the belly dancing routine in a dark room with one single line shown on her ?	woman
35928	A woman is seen performing a belly dancing routine in a dark room with one single line shown on her .	where is the woman seen performing a belly dancing routine with one single line shown on her . ?	room
35930	A woman wearing a white shirt is sitting with her black and white cat on her lap .	who is wearing a white shirt is sitting with her black and white cat on her lap ?	woman
35930	A woman wearing a white shirt is sitting with her black and white cat on her lap .	the woman wearing what is sitting with her black and white cat on her lap ?	shirt
35930	A woman wearing a white shirt is sitting with her black and white cat on her lap .	what is the color of the shirt ?	white
35931	She is clipping the cats nails by holding the cat 's paws in her hands .	what is she clipping by holding the cat 's paws in her hands ?	nails
35933	When she 's done she kisses the cat .	what does she kiss ?	cat
35934	then she begins clipping a brown cat 's nails .	what is the color of the cat ?	brown
35935	The cat sits calmly on her lap as she finishes clipping its nails .	what sits calmly on her lap as she finishes clipping its nails ?	cat
35936	A person paints flowers onto a white canvas with a fine brush .	what did the person paint onto a white canvas with a fine brush ?	flowers
35936	A person paints flowers onto a white canvas with a fine brush .	what is the color of the canvas ?	white
35937	The person removes the painting from the table and shows the finished product .	what does the person remove from the table ?	painting
35937	The person removes the painting from the table and shows the finished product .	what does the person show ?	product
35938	People are playing and swimming in a pool .	where are people playing and swimming . ?	pool
35939	a girl does a back flip off a board .	who does the back flip off a board ?	girl
35942	A person wearing a costume is seen sitting in the middle of the street playing an accordion .	the person wearing what is seen sitting in the middle of the street playing an accordion ?	costume
35945	Both the man and the woman are wearing a black tank top and black shorts along with black shoes .	what is the color of the tank ?	black
35945	Both the man and the woman are wearing a black tank top and black shorts along with black shoes .	what is the color of the shoes ?	black
35954	They repeat the steps as the chorus of the song repeats .	what do they repeat as the chorus of the song repeats ?	steps
35956	A man takes a patch and put on a wheel while explaining and showing materials .	who takes the patch and put on a wheel while explaining and showing materials ?	man
35957	Then , the man takes the wheel of a bike to fix the hole of the tube by applying a patch .	who does then , take the wheel of a bike to fix the hole of the tube by applying a patch ?	man
35958	After , the man put the tube on the wheel and pump air in the wheel .	who did after , put the tube on the wheel and pump air in the wheel ?	man
35958	After , the man put the tube on the wheel and pump air in the wheel .	what did after , the man put on the wheel and pump air in the wheel ?	tube
35958	After , the man put the tube on the wheel and pump air in the wheel .	where did after , the man put the tube . ?	wheel
35959	Then , the man put and fix the wheel in the bike .	who do then , put and fix the wheel in the bike ?	man
35959	Then , the man put and fix the wheel in the bike .	what do then , the man put and fix in the bike ?	wheel
35959	Then , the man put and fix the wheel in the bike .	where do then , the man put and fix the wheel . ?	bicycle
35960	Three men discuss the topic of playing water polo with kayaks .	how many men discuss the topic of playing water polo with kayaks ?	three
35962	Two boats crash as two men try to paddle their way to the ball , The men commentate over the scene , they players look severely injured .	what crash as two men try to paddle their way to the ball , the men commentate over the scene , they players look severely injured ?	boats
35962	Two boats crash as two men try to paddle their way to the ball , The men commentate over the scene , they players look severely injured .	how many boats crash as two men try to paddle their way to the ball , the men commentate over the scene ?	two
35965	A man is cutting another mans hair .	who is cutting another mans hair ?	man
35971	A woman dances while another stands in the background .	who dances while another stands in the background ?	woman
35972	A third woman sweeps the floor .	who sweeps the floor ?	woman
35972	A third woman sweeps the floor .	what does the third woman sweep ?	floor
35973	The second woman starts walking around with a towel under one foot .	who starts walking around with the towel under one foot ?	woman
35974	The first woman stops dancing and starts walking around with a towel under one foot .	who stops dancing and starts walking around with a towel under one foot ?	woman
35975	The sweeping woman stops , jumps , and waves before resuming .	who stops , jumps , and waves before resuming ?	woman
35976	The first woman pulls items out of a cabinet and places them on the floor .	who pulls items out of a cabinet and places them on the floor ?	woman
35977	A fourth individual is briefly shown in the doorway .	where is the fourth individual briefly shown . ?	doorway
35978	Two people are on a white slab and they begin fencing one another .	how many people are on the white slab ?	two
35978	Two people are on a white slab and they begin fencing one another .	what is the color of the slab ?	white
35979	There are constant stops and the boy closest to the camera keeps winning .	who are there constant stops and closest to the camera keeps winning ?	boy
35980	Both of them keep being reset but the outcome is no different and the lady on the side keeps walking back and forth clicking a black button .	what is the color of the button ?	black
35981	A man is shown speaking to the camera and leads into a woman trimming the fur on a dog .	who is shown speaking to the camera and leads into a woman trimming the fur on a dog ?	man
35982	The speaks more to the camera while other dogs are shown groomed and one woman walks away holding two excited dogs .	who does the speak more to the camera and walks away holding two excited dogs ?	woman
35982	The speaks more to the camera while other dogs are shown groomed and one woman walks away holding two excited dogs .	how many woman walks away holding two excited dogs ?	one
35985	A man in a small blue boat discusses the topic of hand surfing in a hole and gives hints on how to perform this activity .	what is the color of the boat ?	blue
35986	The man demonstrates tricks that can be done while performing this activity .	who demonstrates tricks that can be done while performing this activity ?	man
35987	An athletic man is seen waving one arm up into the air and standing ready for a beam .	who is seen waving one arm up into the air and standing ready for a beam ?	man
35987	An athletic man is seen waving one arm up into the air and standing ready for a beam .	how many arm is an athletic man seen waving up into the air and standing ready for a beam ?	one
35990	Two people are seen speaking to the camera wearing costume when another person steps into frame .	how many people are seen speaking to the camera wearing costume when another person steps into frame ?	two
35991	Two people then battle one another in the costumes and run into one another .	how many people then battle one another in the costumes and run into one another ?	two
35992	One person knocks the other on the ground and shows off a wrestling move .	how many person knocks the other on the ground and shows off a wrestling move ?	one
35993	A man is seen standing in a goal followed by a person kicking a boll .	who is seen standing in the goal followed by a person kicking a boll ?	man
35994	More clips are shown of people kicking a ball towards the goal while people watch on the sides .	what are shown of people kicking a ball towards the goal while people watch on the sides ?	clips
35996	A car drives behind another while filming several snowy houses and trees shown .	what drives behind another while filming several snowy houses and trees shown ?	car
35997	Eventually two snowboarding are shown doing jumps and tricks down a mountain .	how many snowboarding are eventually shown doing jumps and tricks down a mountain ?	two
35999	A man sits in a chair while a standing man uses an electric razor on his beard .	who sits in the chair while a standing man uses an electric razor on his beard ?	man
35999	A man sits in a chair while a standing man uses an electric razor on his beard .	where does the man sit while a standing man uses an electric razor on his beard . ?	chair
36000	The man gently shaves the other man 's beard until it is gone .	who gently shaves the other man 's beard until it is gone ?	man
36001	The man sits in the chair , wiping himself off before standing up .	who sits in the chair , wiping himself off before standing up ?	man
36001	The man sits in the chair , wiping himself off before standing up .	where does the man sit , wiping himself off before standing up . ?	chair
36002	Two people are seen standing on a field in front of ball when one bends over to balance on the ball .	how many people are seen standing on the field in front of ball when one bends over to balance on the ball ?	two
36003	The woman then performs exercises on the ball with the man 's assistance .	who then performs exercises on the ball with the man 's assistance ?	woman
36007	A man stands in front of a crowd pointing and speaking about the layout of a bullfighting ring .	who stands in front of a crowd pointing and speaking about the layout of a bullfighting ring ?	man
36009	The bullfighter then demonstrates how to use his sword on the bull .	who then demonstrates how to use his sword on the bull ?	bullfighter
36010	Then the students wants to give it a try .	who does then want to give it a try ?	students
36011	Two men are seen fighting back and fourth on a set of mats using boxing gloves and pads .	how many men are seen fighting back and fourth on the set of mats using boxing gloves and pads ?	two
36013	A girl is seen kneeling before the camera and leads into her walking around her house .	who is seen kneeling before the camera and leads into her walking around her house ?	girl
36018	The kids smile and laugh at each other as they collide .	who smile and laugh at each other as they collide ?	kids
36019	We see a person jet skiing .	what do we see ?	skiing
36021	We then see a yellow and blue sail .	what do we then see ?	sail
36022	A yellow one passes a black one and keeps going , then the yellow one turns around .	what is the color of the one ?	yellow
36022	A yellow one passes a black one and keeps going , then the yellow one turns around .	what is the color of the one ?	black
36022	A yellow one passes a black one and keeps going , then the yellow one turns around .	what is the color of the one ?	yellow
36023	A yellowish green one appears on the screen .	what is the color of the one ?	green
36027	man is standing in a wooden court talking to the camera .	who is standing in the wooden court talking to the camera ?	man
36028	men are playing squash in a room holding rackets on his hands .	where are men playing squash holding rackets on his hands . ?	room
36029	the man is holding a racket and is talking to the camera .	who is holding the racket and is talking to the camera ?	man
36030	A man makes tattoos on the back head and neck of a person .	who makes tattoos on the back head and neck of a person ?	man
36031	Then , the man cleans the head and neck with a white tissue .	who does then , clean the head and neck with a white tissue ?	man
36031	Then , the man cleans the head and neck with a white tissue .	what is the color of the tissue ?	white
36032	After , the man continues making the tattoo on the side of the head while cleaning the paint .	who does after , continue making the tattoo on the side of the head while cleaning the paint ?	man
36033	A man is in a kayak in the water making turns with the help of an oar .	who is in the kayak in the water making turns with the help of an oar ?	man
36034	Then , the man explains showing and moving the oar .	who does then , explain showing and moving the oar ?	man
36035	After the man starts to row in the river and turning the kayak .	who starts to row in the river and turning the kayak ?	man
36036	man is standing nex to a van wearing stilts .	who is standing nex to a van wearing stilts ?	man
36037	another man is sitting on the back part of a van is putting the stilts on his feet .	who is sitting on the back part of a van is putting the stilts on his feet ?	man
36038	men wearing stilts are walking in a parking lot to street .	men wearing what are walking in a parking lot to street ?	stilts
36040	woman is standing in a kitchen talking to the camera and showing the lemons , jar and the bowl on the counter .	who is standing in the kitchen talking to the camera and showing the lemons , jar and the bowl on the counter ?	woman
36040	woman is standing in a kitchen talking to the camera and showing the lemons , jar and the bowl on the counter .	where is woman standing talking to the camera and showing the lemons , jar and the bowl on the counter . ?	kitchen
36041	woman is squeezing the lemon into a bowl and on the water .	who is squeezing the lemon into a bowl and on the water ?	woman
36041	woman is squeezing the lemon into a bowl and on the water .	what is woman squeezing into a bowl and on the water ?	lemon
36042	woman is ni front of the stove and pour sugar into water in a pan till boil .	who is ni front of the stove and pour sugar into water in a pan till boil ?	woman
36042	woman is ni front of the stove and pour sugar into water in a pan till boil .	what do woman pour into water in a pan till boil ?	sugar
36043	woman pour sugar in the jar with ice .	who pour sugar in the jar with ice ?	woman
36043	woman pour sugar in the jar with ice .	what do woman pour in the jar with ice ?	sugar
36044	A person wet a car with water , then he puts detergent to the car using a long squeegee .	what did the person wet with water , then he puts detergent to the car using a long squeegee ?	car
36045	The man rinses the car with water .	who rinses the car with water ?	man
36046	Then , the man cleans again with soap and water the car for the second time .	who does then , clean again with soap and water the car for the second time ?	man
36047	The man cleans with a cloth and rinse with water the rims of the car .	who cleans with the cloth and rinse with water the rims of the car ?	man
36048	After , the man dry the car manually with a cloth .	who do after , dry the car manually with a cloth ?	man
36048	After , the man dry the car manually with a cloth .	what do after , the man dry manually with a cloth ?	car
36049	Next , the man cleans inside the car , then drives the car .	what does next , , then drive ?	car
36050	A man sits at a table talking .	who sits at the table talking ?	man
36051	The man , now standing , pours paint thinner n a rag and wipes the table with the rag .	the man , now standing , pours what n a rag and wipes the table with the rag ?	paint
36051	The man , now standing , pours paint thinner n a rag and wipes the table with the rag .	the man , now standing , pours paint thinner n what and wipes the table with the rag ?	rag
36052	The man sits at the table again while talking .	who sits at the table again while talking ?	man
36056	The scene changes and the man is seen standing in a garage .	where is the scene changes and the man seen standing . ?	garage
36058	The boat runs aground into some brush .	what runs aground into some brush ?	boat
36059	The skier is laying in the lake .	who is laying in the lake ?	skier
36062	The girls laugh together and continue dancing and ending by holding a pose .	who laugh together and continue dancing and ending by holding the pose ?	girls
36063	A woman walks into frame speaking to the camera and pointing to a sign that leads into her speaking with a man in front of a bow and arrow .	who walks into frame speaking to the camera and pointing to a sign that leads into her speaking with a man in front of a bow and arrow ?	woman
36064	The man speaks to her and puts bowing equipment on the woman and holds out the bow for her .	who speaks to her and puts bowing equipment on the woman and holds out the bow for her ?	man
36065	He teaches her how to properly hold the bow and the woman takes several turns shooting the bow and arrow .	who does he teach her and takes several turns shooting the bow and arrow ?	woman
36068	The man adds a fixed piece of shingles and nails hem down .	who adds the fixed piece of shingles and nails hem down ?	man
36068	The man adds a fixed piece of shingles and nails hem down .	what does the man nail down ?	hem
36069	The man finishes and walks away .	who finishes and walks away ?	man
36071	The woman wipes down the furniture with acetone .	who wipes down the furniture with acetone ?	woman
36074	There 's a woman dressed in a sparkly golden dress is eating a Magnum chocolate truffle ice cream bar .	what is eating truffle ice cream bar ?	chocolate
36074	There 's a woman dressed in a sparkly golden dress is eating a Magnum chocolate truffle ice cream bar .	what is eating the magnum chocolate ?	bar
36074	There 's a woman dressed in a sparkly golden dress is eating a Magnum chocolate truffle ice cream bar .	how many ice cream bar does there 's a woman dressed in a sparkly golden dress is eating a magnum chocolate ?	truffle
36079	A ball is shown flying up in the sky while a large group of people stand around .	what is shown flying up in the sky while a large group of people stand around ?	ball
36082	At an outdoor poor facility people are in the pool and others are outside standing by .	where are at an outdoor poor facility people and others are outside standing by . ?	pool
36083	There are two boys on the diving board preparing to jump down .	how many boys are there on the diving board preparing to jump down ?	two
36084	They get in a unique position and then simultaneously dive in together .	where do they get . ?	dive
36089	A man stands in a dance studio and shows how he sets up for different dance postures .	who stands in the dance studio and shows how he sets up for different dance postures ?	man
36089	A man stands in a dance studio and shows how he sets up for different dance postures .	where does the man stand . ?	studio
36090	The man in white tshirt does a spins while break dancing .	what is the color of the tshirt ?	white
36091	man is in stage in the news .	who is in stage in the news ?	man
36092	people are in street jumping the rope and dancing while people gathered around them are watching them .	where are people jumping the rope and dancing while people gathered around them are watching them . ?	street
36093	an old chinese woman is being interviewed .	who is being interviewed ?	woman
36094	old man is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	man
36095	woman is holding a microphone talking to the camera jumping the rope .	who is holding the microphone talking to the camera jumping the rope ?	woman
36095	woman is holding a microphone talking to the camera jumping the rope .	what is woman holding talking to the camera jumping the rope ?	microphone
36096	woman is jumping the rope and doing somersaults .	who is jumping the rope and doing somersaults ?	woman
36096	woman is jumping the rope and doing somersaults .	what is woman jumping and doing somersaults ?	rope
36097	women are being interviewed and behind her people are jumping the rope .	who are being interviewed and behind her people are jumping the rope ?	women
36097	women are being interviewed and behind her people are jumping the rope .	what are women being interviewed and behind her people are jumping ?	rope
36099	women are in street being interviewed and people keep jumping the rope .	who are in street being interviewed and people keep jumping the rope ?	women
36100	The man in blue leotard raised the barbel , but he let go of the barbel and he fell on his back .	what did the man in blue leotard raise , but he let go of the barbel and he fell on his back ?	barbel
36100	The man in blue leotard raised the barbel , but he let go of the barbel and he fell on his back .	what is the color of the leotard ?	blue
36100	The man in blue leotard raised the barbel , but he let go of the barbel and he fell on his back .	where did the man raise the barbel , but he let go of the barbel and he fell on his back . ?	leotard
36101	The man in red leotard carried the barbel all the way up his head the crowd cheered .	what did the man in red leotard carry all the way up his head ?	barbel
36101	The man in red leotard carried the barbel all the way up his head the crowd cheered .	what is the color of the leotard ?	red
36101	The man in red leotard carried the barbel all the way up his head the crowd cheered .	where did the man carry the barbel all the way up his head the crowd cheered . ?	leotard
36102	The athlete raised his barbel but was n't able to go all the way up his head .	who raised his barbel but was n't able to go all the way up his head ?	athlete
36102	The athlete raised his barbel but was n't able to go all the way up his head .	what did the athlete raise ?	barbel
36104	A man in blue gym shorts iron his clothes on an ironing board at home .	what do the man in blue gym shorts iron on an ironing board at home ?	clothes
36104	A man in blue gym shorts iron his clothes on an ironing board at home .	what is the color of the shorts ?	blue
36105	The man sits down on the floor and folds his clothes and stacks them up .	who sits down on the floor and folds his clothes and stacks them up ?	man
36105	The man sits down on the floor and folds his clothes and stacks them up .	the man sits down on the floor and folds what ?	clothes
36106	The man leaves the room and the room goes dark .	who leaves the room and the room goes dark ?	man
36107	A man stands in a large arena .	who stands in the large arena ?	man
36108	She throws a heavy ball really far .	what does she throw really far ?	ball
36110	He throws the balls really far .	what does he throw really far ?	balls
36111	Outside a dog is laying down on the pavement when a human picks up a frisbee and throws it .	what is outside laying down on the pavement when a human picks up a frisbee and throws it ?	dog
36112	The dog excitedly runs after it and come running back with it , bringing it back to his human .	what excitedly runs after it and come running back with it , bringing it back to his human ?	dog
36114	Once he see 's the frisbee flying he starts to run for it and brings it back every time .	what does 's flying he starts to run for it and brings it back every time ?	frisbee
36117	There are a some leaves fallen on the curb .	what are there fallen on the curb ?	leaves
36119	The boys continue skateboarding through the streets , going past houses in the residential area .	who continue skateboarding through the streets , going past houses in the residential area ?	boys
36121	The man throws three darts at the dartboard .	who throws three darts at the dartboard ?	man
36121	The man throws three darts at the dartboard .	how many darts does the man throw at the dartboard ?	three
36122	The camera man pans to the side of the dartboard and zooms in on the darts as the man in the striped shirt reaches for the dart board .	who pans to the side of the dartboard and zooms in on the darts as the man in the striped shirt reaches for the dart board ?	man
36123	A boy wears jumping shoes to bounce in front a building and in a playground .	who wears jumping shoes to bounce in front a building and in a playground ?	boy
36124	Then , the boy gets up the steps of a building , and then take big steps and jump down high .	who does then , get up the steps of a building , and then take big steps and jump down high ?	boy
36126	Then , the boy returns to the playground and jumps over a stone .	then , who returns to the playground and jumps over a stone ?	boy
36127	After , the boy jumps high on the street until he arrives to a parking lot .	who does after , jump high on the street until he arrives to a parking lot ?	boy
36129	A man is then shown throwing a discus on a large field .	who is then shown throwing the discus on a large field ?	man
36130	Another man is also shown doing the same with a still shot of him afterwards showing his posture and his throw in slow motion .	who is also shown doing the same with a still shot of him afterwards showing his posture and his throw in slow motion ?	man
36134	A lady holds a javelin on a track she puts it down .	who holds the javelin on a track she puts it down ?	lady
36136	We then see the throw measured and a man walks up as talks to the girl .	who do we then see the throw measured and walks up as talks to the girl ?	man
36137	A man with long sideburns wearing a red colored robe is playing the piano .	what is the man with long sideburns wearing a red colored robe is playing ?	piano
36137	A man with long sideburns wearing a red colored robe is playing the piano .	what is the color of the robe ?	red
36138	there 's another man in a blue shirt standing near him , busy engaged in packing some bags .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
36139	The main in red continues playing the piano as the other man carries two bags and leaves .	how many bags does the main in red continue playing the piano as the other man carries and leaves ?	two
36140	The man stops playing the piano and waves to the other person as he gets up and leaves .	who stops playing the piano and waves to the other person as he gets up and leaves ?	man
36141	There 's a person wearing blue latex gloves polishing a hexagonal wooden table to demonstrate French polishing technique .	there 's a person wearing what ?	gloves
36141	There 's a person wearing blue latex gloves polishing a hexagonal wooden table to demonstrate French polishing technique .	what is the color of the gloves ?	blue
36147	A young girl is seen performing a belly dancing routine in front of a large group of people .	who is seen performing the belly dancing routine in front of a large group of people ?	girl
36148	The girl continues swinging her arms and legs around in front of the audience and ends by bowing and blowing a kiss .	who continues swinging her arms and legs around in front of the audience and ends by bowing and blowing a kiss ?	girl
36150	The kids ride past the camera .	who ride past the camera ?	kids
36151	The kids start passing the finish line .	who start passing the finish line ?	kids
36152	A woman is balancing on a tight rope outdoors .	who is balancing on the tight rope outdoors ?	woman
36153	The woman is showing various acrobatic moves .	who is showing various acrobatic moves ?	woman
36154	The woman is bouncing on the wire .	who is bouncing on the wire ?	woman
36158	The man dressed up as Santa finishes playing the song on drums .	who dressed up as santa finishes playing the song on drums ?	man
36160	The boy continues to ride around on a skateboard doing flips and tricks and the camera capturing him from several angles .	who continues to ride around on the skateboard doing flips and tricks and the camera capturing him from several angles ?	boy
36161	A man is giving instructions about playing the congo .	who is giving instructions about playing the congo ?	man
36165	Men travel in a plane and arrives to the top of a mountain .	where do men travel . ?	airplane
36172	The woman stops playing , laughs and looks and says something .	who stops playing , laughs and looks and says something ?	woman
36173	A man is holding a guitar and looks back and fourth between the camera and the guitar .	who is holding the guitar and looks back and fourth between the camera and the guitar ?	man
36173	A man is holding a guitar and looks back and fourth between the camera and the guitar .	what is the man holding ?	guitar
36175	A person in pink does tai chi .	who does the person in pink do ?	chi
36178	Several athletes compete for the javelin world championships .	who compete for the javelin world championships ?	athletes
36184	A man is talking in his kitchen .	who is talking in his kitchen ?	man
36184	A man is talking in his kitchen .	where is the man talking . ?	kitchen
36188	Two boys look around towards each other and continue raking the leaks until the yard is done .	who look around towards each other and continue raking the leaks until the yard is done ?	boys
36188	Two boys look around towards each other and continue raking the leaks until the yard is done .	how many boys look around towards each other and continue raking the leaks until the yard is done ?	two
36189	A girl is in front of a camera .	who is in front of a camera ?	girl
36191	The man is now back at his starting point where he was originally standing and he 's talking again .	who is now back at his starting point where he was originally standing and he 's talking again ?	man
36192	The special affect screen appears with a wooden background and 4 different pictures on the screen with words under them .	what appears with the wooden background and 4 different pictures on the screen with words under them ?	screen
36193	A balded man is seen talking to the camera while another man stands above him and cuts his hair .	who is seen talking to the camera while another man stands above him and cuts his hair ?	man
36194	The man sitting rubs his hand and holds his face into his hands .	who is sitting rubs his hand and holds his face into his hands ?	man
36195	A man prepares himself to throw a discus .	who prepares himself to throw a discus ?	man
36197	The man spins and throws the discus .	who spins and throws the discus ?	man
36209	A woman standing at a counter speaking about making chocolate chip cookies .	who is standing at a counter speaking about making chocolate chip cookies ?	woman
36210	She combines and mixes the ingredients with a hand mixer .	what does she combine and mixes with a hand mixer ?	ingredients
36211	She then places flour into a bowl after she measures it along with baking soda .	what does she then place into a bowl ?	flour
36213	She then measures out dough that is on a baking sheet for cooking .	what does she then measure out ?	dough
36214	Placed in the oven and after they cool you have cookies .	placed in the oven and you have what ?	cookies
36215	A girl stands up from a table in a kitchen .	who stands up from the table in a kitchen ?	girl
36218	A person holding a moose moves the puppet and leads into someone opening a box .	the person holding what moves the puppet and leads into someone opening a box ?	moose
36218	A person holding a moose moves the puppet and leads into someone opening a box .	what is the person holding a moose moves and leads into someone opening a box ?	puppet
36219	The person pulls pumpkins out of the box and cuts a circle around the top .	what does the person pull out of the box ?	pumpkins
36219	The person pulls pumpkins out of the box and cuts a circle around the top .	what does the person cut around the top ?	circle
36220	He scoops the seeds out of the pumpkin while using the moose and uses a marker to draw on its side .	what does he scoop out of the pumpkin ?	seeds
36222	A man speaking about how he will be sharpening knives today .	who is speaking about how he will be sharpening knives today ?	man
36223	He shows the tool that he will be using that is called chefs choice .	what does he show ?	tool
36227	A middle aged white female is standing in a lobby of some sort next to a picture talking .	what is the color of the female ?	white
36229	In her hand , she has a small circular container with shoe polish it and takes a rag and dips the rag in the container .	where does in her hand , she take a rag and dips the rag . ?	container
36230	The woman then proceeds to clean the male dress shoe with the cloth and polish .	who then proceeds to clean the male dress shoe with the cloth and polish ?	woman
36234	A girl shoots the ball into the goal and achieves a point .	who shoots the ball into the goal and achieves a point ?	girl
36234	A girl shoots the ball into the goal and achieves a point .	what does the girl shoot into the goal ?	ball
36236	A man is holding windex near his car door .	who is holding windex near his car door ?	man
36237	The man then sprays the window with windex and wipes the window .	who then sprays the window with windex and wipes the window ?	man
36237	The man then sprays the window with windex and wipes the window .	what did the man then spray with windex ?	window
36237	The man then sprays the window with windex and wipes the window .	what does the man then wipe ?	window
36238	The man rolls the window up .	who rolls the window up ?	man
36238	The man rolls the window up .	what does the man roll up ?	window
36239	The man finishes and rolls the window down to wipe it some more .	who finishes and rolls the window down to wipe it some more ?	man
36239	The man finishes and rolls the window down to wipe it some more .	what does the man finish and rolls down ?	window
36241	Guys are playing lacrosse on a field .	who are playing lacrosse on a field ?	guys
36242	A guy pushes a male to the ground .	who pushes the male to the ground ?	guy
36244	A special effect intro screen appears , it 's mainly red and contains words on it that say `` How to Improve Your Volleyball Spike '' .	what appears , it 's mainly red and contains words on it that say `` how to improve your volleyball spike '' ?	screen
36245	In slow motion a man is on a volleyball court demonstrating moves as white text appears as he does certain movements .	who is in slow motion on a volleyball court demonstrating moves as white text appears as he does certain movements ?	man
36245	In slow motion a man is on a volleyball court demonstrating moves as white text appears as he does certain movements .	what is the color of the text ?	white
36246	An African American male gymnast in a blue leotard steps under two bars and begins stretching .	what did an african american male gymnast in a blue leotard under two bars ?	steps
36247	He grabs the bars and pulls himself up into a hand stand on the bars .	what does he grab ?	bars
36252	A man is on a track in front of a crowd .	who is on the track in front of a crowd ?	man
36255	A man is shown talking about him .	who is shown talking about him ?	man
36258	The girl jumps up and then the man tries it to see how heavy the uniform is .	who jumps up and then the man tries it to see how heavy the uniform is ?	girl
36258	The girl jumps up and then the man tries it to see how heavy the uniform is .	who does the girl jump up and then tries it to see how heavy the uniform is ?	man
36259	Next , the man holds up a bag of lemons and begin to talk before they put their head equipment on .	next , who holds up the bag of lemons and begin to talk before they put their head equipment on ?	man
36262	After several attempts , the girl wins and the score is 4 to 0 .	who does after several attempts , win and the score is 4 to 0 ?	girl
36267	A woman is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a tin .	who is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a tin ?	woman
36269	She then puts a container into the pan while speaking to the camera .	what does she then put into the pan while speaking to the camera ?	container
36270	A man is seen speaking to the camera while showing shots of people playing water polo .	who is seen speaking to the camera while showing shots of people playing water polo ?	man
36271	More clips are shown of people hitting the ball as well as the host speaking to another man .	what are shown of people hitting the ball as well as the host speaking to another man ?	clips
36272	More clips are shown of people playing in the pool and laughing with one another .	what are shown of people playing in the pool and laughing with one another ?	clips
36273	A man runs on a pair of stilts down an alley .	who runs on the pair of stilts down an alley ?	man
36276	Cartoon buildings are shown , then a pair of angels .	what are shown , then the pair of angels ?	buildings
36277	We see a bucket filled with laundry .	what do we see filled with laundry ?	bucket
36280	We finally see an empty dryer before an ad for Laundry Bin Heaven .	what do we finally see before an ad for laundry bin heaven ?	dryer
36286	The man glides along the water in slow motion and is then seen speaking to the camera .	who glides along the water in slow motion and is then seen speaking to the camera ?	man
36291	A woman hold up a sign that says 965 .	who hold up the sign that says 965 ?	woman
36294	The woman begins playing the piano when the man standing plays and grabs her .	who begins playing the piano when the man standing plays and grabs her ?	woman
36296	The man picks her up and twirls her around the music and ends with audience clapping .	who picks her up and twirls her around the music and ends with audience clapping ?	man
36297	Two people are seen playing a game of pool while others watch on the side and conversation .	how many people are seen playing the game of pool while others watch on the side and conversation ?	two
36299	A young girl is sitting down in front of a screen and begins talking as she is holding a bottle of blue mouthwash .	who is sitting down in front of a screen and begins talking as she is holding a bottle of blue mouthwash ?	girl
36299	A young girl is sitting down in front of a screen and begins talking as she is holding a bottle of blue mouthwash .	what is the color of the mouthwash ?	blue
36300	The girl then takes the mouthwash and starts to put it over head and playing with is while making funny faces .	who then takes the mouthwash and starts to put it over head and playing with is while making funny faces ?	girl
36301	After taking about it , the girls takes a gulp of it and starts to gargle it and holds it in her mouth .	who is after taking about it , takes a gulp of it and starts to gargle it and holds it in her mouth ?	girls
36304	A man in yellow jacket holds a rubber inter tube with a rope and a child in ski clothes sits down inside .	what does the man in yellow jacket hold with a rope and a child in ski clothes sits down inside ?	tube
36304	A man in yellow jacket holds a rubber inter tube with a rope and a child in ski clothes sits down inside .	what is the color of the jacket ?	yellow
36305	The man pushes the child down a ski slope .	who pushes the child down a ski slope ?	man
36305	The man pushes the child down a ski slope .	who does the man push down a ski slope ?	child
36306	The child goes down a set of hills on the intertube .	who goes down the set of hills on the intertube ?	child
36307	A woman attempts to stop the child then retrieves his intertube .	who attempts to stop the child then retrieves his intertube ?	woman
36309	A child in green jacket gets into an intertube .	what is the color of the jacket ?	green
36310	The child is pushed down the ski slope and sleds to the bottom .	who is pushed down the ski slope and sleds to the bottom ?	child
36311	A woman in grey sweatshirt retrieves the intertube at the bottom of the slope .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	gray
36312	A boy in green jacket is pushed down the ski slope .	what is the color of the jacket ?	green
36313	A woman an grey sweatshirt retrieves the intertube at the bottom of the slope .	what does the woman retrieve the intertube at the bottom of the slope ?	sweatshirt
36313	A woman an grey sweatshirt retrieves the intertube at the bottom of the slope .	what is the color of the sweatshirt ?	gray
36314	A lady talks to the camera .	who talks to the camera ?	lady
36316	The lady holds up a bottle of lotion .	who holds up the bottle of lotion ?	lady
36319	1 A camera man watches men on bikes that are about to race .	who does 1 watch men on bikes that are about to race ?	man
36321	3 One man wipes out .	who does 3 wipe out ?	man
36321	3 One man wipes out .	how many man does 3 wipe out ?	one
36322	4 The race ends and the guys take their bikes .	who does 4 the race end and take their bikes ?	guys
36323	A girl holding a guitar talks to the camera .	who is holding a guitar talks to the camera ?	girl
36323	A girl holding a guitar talks to the camera .	what is the girl holding to the camera ?	talks
36324	The girl plays the guitar as she sits on the sofa .	who plays the guitar as she sits on the sofa ?	girl
36324	The girl plays the guitar as she sits on the sofa .	what does the girl play ?	guitar
36325	The girl stops playing and talks to the camera again while demonstrating .	who stops playing and talks to the camera again while demonstrating ?	girl
36326	We see an opening instruction screen .	what do we see ?	screen
36328	We see another instruction screen and see the person inserts the lens on the left .	what do we see ?	screen
36329	Another screen of instructions and the person inserts the right lens .	what does another screen of instructions and the person insert ?	lens
36330	Two sets of Instructions appear an the person removes the left and right lens .	how many sets of instructions appear an the person removes the left and right lens ?	two
36332	A man is skiing very fast down a hillside and hops one for fun .	who is skiing very fast down the hillside and hops one for fun ?	man
36334	He skiis and walks up various hills .	what does he walk up ?	hills
36336	He jumps off a hill and tries to do a 360 but falls .	he jumps off what and tries to do a 360 ?	hill
36338	A cowboy runs out of a gate on a horse .	who runs out of the gate on a horse ?	cowboy
36339	He uses a lasso to rope a calf .	who does he use ?	lasso
36341	A man is working outside a house .	who is working outside the house ?	man
36344	First this girl does a back bend and then another girl does a back walkover .	who does first do the back bend and then another girl does a back walkover ?	girl
36344	First this girl does a back bend and then another girl does a back walkover .	what does first this girl do and then another girl does a back walkover ?	bend
36344	First this girl does a back bend and then another girl does a back walkover .	who does first this girl do a back bend and then does a back walkover ?	girl
36347	A man wearing a bag is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a group of people riding in a raft .	who is wearing a bag is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a group of people riding in a raft ?	man
36347	A man wearing a bag is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a group of people riding in a raft .	the man wearing what is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a group of people riding in a raft ?	bag
36348	One person paddles around and turns the ground around , leading back into the man speaking to the camera .	how many person paddles around and turns the ground around , leading back into the man speaking to the camera ?	one
36349	A group of drummers dressed in all white outfits perform a song .	what is the color of the outfits ?	white
36350	An instructor stands in front of the group giving instructions .	who stands in front of the group giving instructions ?	instructor
36351	man is sitting in an ofice talking to the camera .	who is sitting in an ofice talking to the camera ?	man
36352	a tattoo is shown in a back of a man and the man is tattoing him .	who is the tattoo shown in a back of a man and is tattoing him ?	man
36353	man is standing laying no a stand getting a tatto on his back .	who is standing laying no the stand getting a tatto on his back ?	man
36355	The coaches talk to them as they run .	who talk to them as they run ?	coaches
36358	A man is seen putting shoes on , walking along the ice while another helps him walk .	who is seen putting shoes on , walking along the ice while another helps him walk ?	man
36360	A man lays down on the floor over a mat .	who lays down on the floor over a mat ?	man
36361	The man holds a weight ovebe his head .	who holds the weight ovebe his head ?	man
36362	The man exercise holding the weight and raising the folded legs until the chest .	who exercise holding the weight and raising the folded legs until the chest ?	man
36363	A doctor is speaking while a nurse sits next to him in a medical office .	who is speaking while the nurse sits next to him in a medical office ?	doctor
36363	A doctor is speaking while a nurse sits next to him in a medical office .	where is the doctor speaking while a nurse sits . ?	office
36364	He holds up a bottle of cleanser , and uses a rag to wipe it onto the woman 's face , before wiping it clean again .	what does he use ?	rag
36367	A person cuts and squeezes lemons followed by the title `` Making Lemonade Is Easy and Fun '' .	what does the person cut and squeezes followed by the title `` making lemonade is easy and fun '' ?	lemons
36378	man is standing in a basket court dribbling the ball and doing shos to the basket .	who is standing in the basket court dribbling the ball and doing shos to the basket ?	man
36379	three basket players are doing shots and showing how to do a two steps technique .	how many basket players are doing shots and showing how to do a two steps technique ?	three
36380	A man wearing ski goggles adjusts the camera .	who is wearing ski goggles adjusts the camera ?	man
36380	A man wearing ski goggles adjusts the camera .	the man wearing what adjusts the camera ?	goggles
36380	A man wearing ski goggles adjusts the camera .	what is the man wearing ski goggles adjusts ?	camera
36383	There 's a woman with red colored hair wearing a black tank top and printed black tights skating on roller blades through the streets of a city .	what is the color of the hair ?	red
36383	There 's a woman with red colored hair wearing a black tank top and printed black tights skating on roller blades through the streets of a city .	what is the color of the top ?	black
36383	There 's a woman with red colored hair wearing a black tank top and printed black tights skating on roller blades through the streets of a city .	what is the color of the tights ?	black
36384	The streets do n't have any cars but people are riding bikes or skateboarding .	what do the streets do n't have but people are riding bikes or skateboarding ?	cars
36385	The woman swiftly skates through the crowded streets as she passes by several tourists walking leisurely .	who swiftly skates through the crowded streets as she passes by several tourists walking leisurely ?	woman
36386	A man flies in the air with on a motorcycle .	who flies in the air with on a motorcycle ?	man
36387	A man makes a motocross circuit using a heavy machine .	who makes the motocross circuit using a heavy machine ?	man
36387	A man makes a motocross circuit using a heavy machine .	what does the man make using a heavy machine ?	circuit
36387	A man makes a motocross circuit using a heavy machine .	the man makes a motocross circuit using what ?	machine
36392	man says goodbye and leaves the shop and get home where man carry the bike and put it in a living room .	who says goodbye and leaves the shop and get home where man carry the bike and put it in a living room ?	man
36392	man says goodbye and leaves the shop and get home where man carry the bike and put it in a living room .	what does man say goodbye and leaves and get home and put it in a living room ?	shop
36392	man says goodbye and leaves the shop and get home where man carry the bike and put it in a living room .	where does man say goodbye and leaves the shop and get home where man carry the bike and put it . ?	room
36393	man is wriing on white papers and is fixing the bike on the garage .	who is wriing on white papers and is fixing the bike on the garage ?	man
36393	man is wriing on white papers and is fixing the bike on the garage .	what is the color of the papers ?	white
36395	They play a game of water polo and throw the ball around to each other .	what do they throw around to each other ?	ball
36396	One throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer .	what does one throw into the net ?	ball
36400	The man is posing in front of a sign .	who is posing in front of a sign ?	man
36401	Two people are seen riding along on skis while speaking to one another and leads into them riding down a snowy hill .	how many people are seen riding along on skis while speaking to one another and leads into them riding down a snowy hill ?	two
36403	A dog rides on a boat with his owners .	what rides on the boat with his owners ?	dog
36404	A crab is seen crawling on the bottom of a lake .	what is seen crawling on the bottom of a lake ?	crab
36407	The group prepare a chair on a sled with a rope on shore .	what do the group prepare on a sled with a rope on shore ?	chair
36408	A man is pulled on a sled from the shore then on the lake .	who is pulled on the sled from the shore then on the lake ?	man
36409	The group removes the sled from the water and lifts it to drain the water .	what does the group remove from the water ?	sled
36414	A man 's hand is shaken and see the whole team on the ice .	who hand is shaken and see the whole team on the ice ?	man
36415	An athlete is standing on a field .	who is standing on the field ?	athlete
36416	He is holding a large steel ball .	what is he holding ?	ball
36417	He spins and throws the ball , then walks around the track waiting for his next turn .	what does he spin and throws , then walks around the track waiting for his next turn ?	ball
36420	The dealer deals cards to each player .	who deals cards to each player ?	dealer
36421	The dealer reveals the dealer 's hand .	who reveals the dealer 's hand ?	dealer
36421	The dealer reveals the dealer 's hand .	who does the dealer reveal hand ?	dealer
36422	One man talks to the camera while another man stands nearby .	who talks to the camera while another man stands nearby ?	man
36422	One man talks to the camera while another man stands nearby .	how many man talks to the camera while another man stands nearby ?	one
36423	There 's a little boy sitting on a bed in the bedroom .	who does there 's sitting on a bed in the bedroom ?	boy
36427	The boy watches his mom vacuum as he jumps on the bed .	who watches his mom vacuum as he jumps on the bed ?	boy
36427	The boy watches his mom vacuum as he jumps on the bed .	who does the boy watch ?	vacuum
36428	the boy then lays down on the bed as he sees his mother finish the job .	who then lays down on the bed as he sees his mother finish the job ?	boy
36429	Then the boy gets off the bed and jumps down to the ground to look under the bedside table .	then who gets off the bed and jumps down to the ground to look under the bedside table ?	boy
36429	Then the boy gets off the bed and jumps down to the ground to look under the bedside table .	what does then the boy get off ?	bed
36430	A girl is seen laying on a table with a man piercing her belly button below her .	who is seen laying on the table with a man piercing her belly button below her ?	girl
36431	The girl screams in pain and the man finishes her piercing while she looks to the camera .	who screams in pain and the man finishes her piercing while she looks to the camera ?	girl
36431	The girl screams in pain and the man finishes her piercing while she looks to the camera .	who does the girl scream in pain and finishes her piercing while she looks to the camera ?	man
36433	A man is using inserts to prepare the shoes .	who is using inserts to prepare the shoes ?	man
36437	The kids are riding dirt bikes in a competition .	who are riding dirt bikes in a competition ?	kids
36437	The kids are riding dirt bikes in a competition .	what are the kids riding in a competition ?	bicycles
36440	There 's a man wearing a red hat and a black shirt training and playing with his dog in a dog park .	who does there 's wearing a red hat and a black shirt training and playing with his dog in a dog park ?	man
36440	There 's a man wearing a red hat and a black shirt training and playing with his dog in a dog park .	what is the color of the hat ?	red
36440	There 's a man wearing a red hat and a black shirt training and playing with his dog in a dog park .	what is the color of the training ?	black
36442	The man is throwing a Frisbee for the dog to fetch .	who is throwing the frisbee for the dog to fetch ?	man
36443	The dog is running around and fetching the Frisbee for its owner .	what is running around and fetching the frisbee for its owner ?	dog
36444	The dog jumps up high to catch the Frisbee .	what jumps up high to catch the frisbee ?	dog
36445	The man also throws a ball to the dog for him to fetch .	who also throws the ball to the dog for him to fetch ?	man
36445	The man also throws a ball to the dog for him to fetch .	what does the man also throw to the dog for him ?	ball
36446	The man lifts the dog up and walks away with it .	who lifts the dog up and walks away with it ?	man
36446	The man lifts the dog up and walks away with it .	what does the man lift up ?	dog
36447	A man is standing behind a bar talking .	who is standing behind the bar talking ?	man
36451	A man is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	man
36452	A woman in an orange shirt is doing various karate moves .	what is the color of the shirt ?	orange
36454	A man demonstrates how to install some grips onto bicycle handles .	who demonstrates how to install some grips onto bicycle handles ?	man
36455	First he installs some rings onto the grips themselves .	what does first he install onto the grips themselves ?	rings
36461	man kick another player on the head and he holds his head .	who kick another player on the head and he holds his head ?	man
36462	Two woman are riding in a car .	who are riding in the car ?	woman
36462	Two woman are riding in a car .	how many woman are riding in the car ?	two
36462	Two woman are riding in a car .	where are two woman riding . ?	car
36463	The passenger is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	passenger
36465	The driver is talking to the camera .	who is talking to the camera ?	driver
36466	The passenger is now talking to the camera .	who is now talking to the camera ?	passenger
36467	The driver is looking at the camera and smiling while driving .	who is looking at the camera and smiling while driving ?	driver
36468	A girl is looking in a mirror holding a tattoo pattern on her shoulder .	who is looking in the mirror holding a tattoo pattern on her shoulder ?	girl
36469	Another girl is lying on a bed while another girl gives her a tattoo .	who is lying on the bed while another girl gives her a tattoo ?	girl
36470	The other girl is sitting on a stool while a man gives her a tattoo her shoulder .	who is sitting on the stool while a man gives her a tattoo her shoulder ?	girl
36472	A girl is talking to the camera with her hand on her shoulder .	who is talking to the camera with her hand on her shoulder ?	girl
36473	Another girl is talking to the camera and making hand gestures .	who is talking to the camera and making hand gestures ?	girl
36474	Both girls are talking to the camera .	who are talking to the camera ?	girls
36475	A man in a black coat is shoveling snow with a shovel .	what is the color of the coat ?	black
36478	A man is in an arena fighting a bull .	who is in an arena fighting a bull ?	man
36479	He swings the cape and runs near other men , teasing the bull into chasing him .	what does he swing ?	cape
36480	The bull slams into the side of a horse being ridden by a man before running back towards the man with the cape .	what slams into the side of a horse being ridden by a man before running back towards the man with the cape ?	bull
36483	Two people are shown frolicking around in the lake .	how many people are shown frolicking around in the lake ?	two
36486	A lady paints her fingernails a plum color .	who paints her fingernails a plum color ?	lady
36486	A lady paints her fingernails a plum color .	what does the lady paint her fingernails ?	color
36489	A man is seen speaking to others off in the distance and begins pushing a man around a room .	who is seen speaking to others off in the distance and begins pushing a man around a room ?	man
36491	The man stands up and looks surprised as he 's continuously pushed down .	who stands up and looks surprised as he 's continuously pushed down ?	man
36493	A lady stands outside and talks .	who stands outside and talks ?	lady
36494	The lady is let in an office where she undergoes an eye exam .	who is let in an office where she undergoes an eye exam ?	lady
36497	A man washes his hand .	who washes his hand ?	man
36498	A lady picks up a contact lens .	who picks up the contact lens ?	lady
36498	A lady picks up a contact lens .	what does the lady pick up contact ?	lens
36499	A man writes the letter l on a paper .	who writes the letter l on a paper ?	man
36500	A hand bends a contact lens .	what does the hand bend contact ?	lens
36501	A man puts a contact lens in .	who puts the contact lens in ?	man
36501	A man puts a contact lens in .	what does the man put contact in ?	lens
36502	A lady puts each contact lens in .	who puts each contact lens in ?	lady
36502	A lady puts each contact lens in .	what does the lady put contact in ?	lens
36503	The lady shakes the man 's hand .	who shakes the man 's hand ?	lady
36503	The lady shakes the man 's hand .	who does the lady shake hand ?	man
36505	A van towing a car drives by view of blue road signs are shown and in white letters they read `` WALTON '' , `` Ontario 's West Coast '' and `` MOTORCROSS TOWN '' .	the van towing what drives by view of blue road signs are shown and in white letters they read `` walton '' , `` ontario 's west coast '' and `` motorcross town '' ?	car
36505	A van towing a car drives by view of blue road signs are shown and in white letters they read `` WALTON '' , `` Ontario 's West Coast '' and `` MOTORCROSS TOWN '' .	what is the color of the signs ?	blue
36505	A van towing a car drives by view of blue road signs are shown and in white letters they read `` WALTON '' , `` Ontario 's West Coast '' and `` MOTORCROSS TOWN '' .	what is the color of the letters ?	white
36509	Cheerleaders are standing on a blue mat .	who are standing on the blue mat ?	cheerleaders
36509	Cheerleaders are standing on a blue mat .	what is the color of the mat ?	blue
36513	A woman is holding an athlete 's ankle while sh is on the beam .	who is holding an athlete 's ankle while sh is on the beam ?	woman
36513	A woman is holding an athlete 's ankle while sh is on the beam .	who is the woman holding ankle ?	athlete
36514	The woman is making the athlete raiser her ankle a and walk to the beam , she guide the athlete as she walks .	who is making the athlete raiser her ankle a and walk to the beam , she guide the athlete as she walks ?	woman
36514	The woman is making the athlete raiser her ankle a and walk to the beam , she guide the athlete as she walks .	who is the woman making , ?	raiser
36515	The athlete walked backwards with her ankle 's up , then the woman guided her as she turns around .	who walked backwards with her ankle 's up , then the woman guided her as she turns around ?	athlete
36515	The athlete walked backwards with her ankle 's up , then the woman guided her as she turns around .	who did the athlete walk backwards with her ankle 's up , then guided her as she turns around ?	woman
36522	Three people do a basketball drill of driving to the hoop .	how many people do the basketball drill of driving to the hoop ?	three
36524	A young man is seen looking off into the distance with lotion on his face .	who is seen looking off into the distance with lotion on his face ?	man
36526	He finishes putting in the sunscreen and looking away from the camera .	where does he finish putting and looking away from the camera . ?	sunscreen
36530	There are two roofers standing top of a building roof removing working on old roof removal .	who are there standing top of a building roof removing working on old roof removal ?	roofers
36530	There are two roofers standing top of a building roof removing working on old roof removal .	how many roofers are there standing top of a building roof removing working on old roof removal ?	two
36531	They are using roofing shovel to remove the shingles and tarp .	what are they using ?	shovel
36532	One of the roofers is peeling off the tarp from the rooftop as he digs in the shovel underneath the tarp .	what is one of the roofers peeling off from the rooftop as he digs in the shovel underneath the tarp ?	tarp
36533	The other roofer is helping him roll up the tarp as he peels it off .	who is helping him roll up the tarp as he peels it off ?	roofer
36534	A camera pans over a sink full of dishes followed by a woman jogging over .	what pans over the sink full of dishes followed by a woman jogging over ?	camera
36536	A timer counts down how many dishes she 's washed and she smiles to the camera .	what counts down how many dishes she 's washed and she smiles to the camera ?	timer
36537	A man talks in the woods holding a can and key chain .	who talks in the woods holding a can and key chain ?	man
36538	Then , the man takes the key chain and points the lower part of the can .	then , who takes the key chain and points the lower part of the can ?	man
36539	After , the man pocks the lower part of the can and intermediately opens the can and drinks from the hole of the can .	after , who pocks the lower part of the can and intermediately opens the can and drinks from the hole of the can ?	man
36543	The person measures ingredients in a glass bowl then adds them to an electric mixer to blend .	where does the person measure ingredients then adds them to an electric mixer to blend . ?	bowl
36547	The parchment paper is peeled off the cake .	what is the parchment paper peeled off ?	cake
36548	The cake is sliced into loaves with a serrated knife .	what is sliced into loaves with a serrated knife ?	cake
36549	The cake is seen on plates for serving .	what is seen on plates for serving ?	cake
36550	A woman is helping a little boy slide down a slide .	who is helping the little boy slide down a slide ?	woman
36550	A woman is helping a little boy slide down a slide .	what is the woman helping down a slide ?	slide
36551	A woman is at the top of a slide helping a little boy slide down into the arms of another person in a red vest .	who is at the top of a slide helping a little boy slide down into the arms of another person in a red vest ?	woman
36551	A woman is at the top of a slide helping a little boy slide down into the arms of another person in a red vest .	what is the color of the vest ?	red
36552	A woman is helping the boy down a slide and the same person in the red vest catches them .	who is helping the boy down a slide and the same person in the red vest catches them ?	woman
36552	A woman is helping the boy down a slide and the same person in the red vest catches them .	who is the woman helping down a slide and the same person in the red vest catches them ?	boy
36552	A woman is helping the boy down a slide and the same person in the red vest catches them .	what is the color of the vest ?	red
36552	A woman is helping the boy down a slide and the same person in the red vest catches them .	where is the woman helping the boy down a slide and the same person catches them . ?	vest
36553	The person in the red vest then kissed the child .	who did the person in the red vest then kiss ?	child
36553	The person in the red vest then kissed the child .	what is the color of the vest ?	red
36553	The person in the red vest then kissed the child .	where did the person then kiss the child . ?	vest
36554	Ballerinas are dancing on a stage .	who are dancing on the stage ?	ballerinas
36558	The car is then driven inside of a shop .	what is then driven inside of the shop ?	car
36563	Two men plays soccer table moving the players on the rods .	how many men plays soccer table moving the players on the rods ?	two
36564	A man wearing yellow shirt stroke the rod strong to hit the white ball .	who is wearing yellow shirt stroke the rod strong to hit the white ball ?	man
36564	A man wearing yellow shirt stroke the rod strong to hit the white ball .	what is the man wearing stroke the rod strong to hit the white ball ?	shirt
36564	A man wearing yellow shirt stroke the rod strong to hit the white ball .	what is the man wearing yellow shirt stroke strong to hit the white ball ?	rod
36564	A man wearing yellow shirt stroke the rod strong to hit the white ball .	what is the color of the stroke ?	yellow
36564	A man wearing yellow shirt stroke the rod strong to hit the white ball .	what is the color of the ball ?	white
36566	Two small children are playing on a swingset on a snow covered yard .	who are playing on the swingset on a snow covered yard ?	children
36566	Two small children are playing on a swingset on a snow covered yard .	how many small children are playing on the swingset on a snow covered yard ?	two
36567	One child runs over to a swingset , but decides to change over to a green swing .	who runs over to the swingset , but decides to change over to a green swing ?	child
36567	One child runs over to a swingset , but decides to change over to a green swing .	how many child runs over to the swingset , but decides to change over to a green swing ?	one
36567	One child runs over to a swingset , but decides to change over to a green swing .	what is the color of the swing ?	green
36568	An adult helps the child onto the swing .	who helps the child onto the swing ?	adult
36568	An adult helps the child onto the swing .	who does an adult help onto the swing ?	child
36569	The other child also wants to join the first child on the same swing , and holds the swing steady while the child climbs on .	who also wants to join the first child on the same swing , and holds the swing steady while the child climbs on ?	child
36570	The child is able to climb on , and the two children enjoy swinging together as the adult pushes the swing forward .	who is able to climb on , and the two children enjoy swinging together as the adult pushes the swing forward ?	child
36570	The child is able to climb on , and the two children enjoy swinging together as the adult pushes the swing forward .	who is the child able , and enjoy swinging together as the adult pushes the swing forward ?	children
36570	The child is able to climb on , and the two children enjoy swinging together as the adult pushes the swing forward .	how many children enjoy swinging together as the adult pushes the swing forward ?	two
36572	The man picks up one of his dogs and they resume walking .	who picks up one of his dogs and they resume walking ?	man
36574	The camera shifts and we see more of the room .	what shifts and we see more of the room ?	camera
36575	The camera angle changes and we see them playing the game from behind .	what changes and we see them playing the game from behind ?	angle
36576	A persons hand on the left enters the screen .	what does the persons hand on the left enter ?	screen
36577	The camera angle changes again and we are in front of the players .	what changes again and we are in front of the players ?	angle
36579	A young child is seen smiling to the camera and then begins dancing around .	who is seen smiling to the camera and then begins dancing around ?	child
36580	The boy continues dancing while the camera captures him moving up and down .	who continues dancing while the camera captures him moving up and down ?	boy
36581	A baby girl is holding a compact , wiping the makeup pad against her cheek .	who is holding the compact , wiping the makeup pad against her cheek ?	girl
36581	A baby girl is holding a compact , wiping the makeup pad against her cheek .	what is the baby girl holding , ?	compact
36583	Three men are walking with the stilts .	how many men are walking with the stilts ?	three
36586	A gymnast is patiently waiting to start his performance .	who is patiently waiting to start his performance ?	gymnast
36590	A man in a blue shirt moves to take his shot .	what is the color of the shirt ?	blue
36592	The man in black moves out of the shot .	what is the color of the moves ?	black
36599	A girl is laying down sleeping .	who is laying down sleeping ?	girl
36600	They are eating dinner around a table .	what are they eating around a table ?	dinner
36601	They leave their snowboards and walk into a cabin .	what do they leave ?	snowboards
36602	A woman is standing in front of a christmas tree , applying a wreath .	who is standing in front of a christmas tree , applying a wreath ?	woman
36604	At the end , she adjusts the ornaments and adds a star to the top of the tree .	what does at the end , she adjust ?	ornaments
36604	At the end , she adjusts the ornaments and adds a star to the top of the tree .	what does at the end , she add to the top of the tree ?	star
36605	A man is sitting on the rock , then people are climbing the big rocks without harness .	who is sitting on the rock , then people are climbing the big rocks without harness ?	man
36605	A man is sitting on the rock , then people are climbing the big rocks without harness .	what is the man sitting on the rock , then people are climbing without harness ?	rocks
36608	We see a man laying in the sand .	who do we see laying in the sand ?	man
36609	The dog runs for the ball .	what runs for the ball ?	dog
36611	The dog tries to get the ball .	what tries to get the ball ?	dog
36612	A man kicks sand at and shoos the dog .	who kicks sand at and shoos the dog ?	man
36612	A man kicks sand at and shoos the dog .	what does the man shoo ?	dog
36613	Several young kids are in a gym playing dodge wall with medium sized red balls .	who are in the gym playing dodge wall with medium sized red balls ?	kids
36613	Several young kids are in a gym playing dodge wall with medium sized red balls .	what are several young kids in a gym playing with medium sized red balls ?	wall
36613	Several young kids are in a gym playing dodge wall with medium sized red balls .	what is the color of the balls ?	red
36613	Several young kids are in a gym playing dodge wall with medium sized red balls .	where are several young kids playing dodge wall . ?	gym
36614	A woman is lying down , showing off a tattoo on her side .	who is lying down , showing off the tattoo on her side ?	woman
36618	A man is holding another man on his shoulders in a wrestling ring as the crowd cheers and watches .	who is holding another man on his shoulders in a wrestling ring as the crowd cheers and watches ?	man
36619	the man throws the man on his shoulder to the ground .	who throws the man on his shoulder to the ground ?	man
36624	She puts the bar down and begins exercising in a humerus way while speaking to the audience .	what does she put down ?	bar
36626	Two young children are seen standing behind a table with one peeling lemons and a boy watching on the side .	who are seen standing behind the table with one peeling lemons and a boy watching on the side ?	children
36626	Two young children are seen standing behind a table with one peeling lemons and a boy watching on the side .	how many young children are seen standing behind the table with one peeling lemons and a boy watching on the side ?	two
36627	Another child is seen squeezing lemons and zooms in on the kids working .	who is seen squeezing lemons and zooms in on the kids working ?	child
36628	The kids continue to squeeze the lemon while looking and waving to the camera and speaking on the side .	who continue to squeeze the lemon while looking and waving to the camera and speaking on the side ?	kids
36630	The man then attempts to solve a rubix cube while a timer catches his score .	who then attempts to solve the rubix cube while a timer catches his score ?	man
36631	The man writes down his score and the man attempts to solve the cube several more times while the boy helps .	who writes down his score and the man attempts to solve the cube several more times while the boy helps ?	man
36631	The man writes down his score and the man attempts to solve the cube several more times while the boy helps .	who does the man write down his score and attempts to solve the cube several more times while the boy helps ?	man
36631	The man writes down his score and the man attempts to solve the cube several more times while the boy helps .	how many several more times does the man attempt to solve while the boy helps ?	cube
36632	A man films himself standing in a bathroom while holding a razor close to his face .	who films himself standing in a bathroom while holding a razor close to his face ?	man
36632	A man films himself standing in a bathroom while holding a razor close to his face .	where does the man film himself standing . ?	bathroom
36635	A medical worker is sitting at a table with a woman and talking to the camera .	who is sitting at the table with a woman and talking to the camera ?	worker
36637	He picks up a can and sprays it on the woman 's arm and rubs it .	what does he pick up ?	can
36639	He picks up a third container and puts it on her arm and rubs it in as well .	what does he pick up ?	container
36640	He picks up a fourth tube and puts the cream on her hand and rubs it in .	what does he pick up ?	tube
36642	He then takes a compact of brown powder , presents it to the camera and puts it back down .	what is the color of the powder ?	brown
36643	A little girl is blowing leaves in fall outside of a house .	who is blowing leaves in fall outside of a house ?	girl
36643	A little girl is blowing leaves in fall outside of a house .	what is the little girl blowing in fall outside of a house ?	leaves
36647	The man turns around , loses his balance , and falls off the rope .	who turns around , loses his balance , and falls off the rope ?	man
36647	The man turns around , loses his balance , and falls off the rope .	what does the man fall off ?	rope
36648	The man watches attempts to walk and falls off as well in the end .	who watches attempts to walk and falls off as well in the end ?	man
36649	A man talks to the camera while holding a leash type of object with a bag in his hand .	who talks to the camera while holding a leash type of object with a bag in his hand ?	man
36653	The man is shown in a closeup interacting with and petting the dog .	who is shown in the closeup interacting with and petting the dog ?	man
36654	A woman is showing her fingernails .	who is showing her fingernails ?	woman
36657	A woman is now holding a napkin .	who is now holding the napkin ?	woman
36657	A woman is now holding a napkin .	what is the woman now holding ?	napkin
36658	A makeup brush is being held .	what is being held ?	brush
36665	They use a wooden stick to clean the side of their nails .	what do they use ?	stick
36671	The girl pauses and plays again .	who pauses and plays again ?	girl
36672	The girl finishes playing and smiles at the camera .	who finishes playing and smiles at the camera ?	girl
36673	Teens drive electric bumper cars in an oval circuit while people watch behind the fence .	what do teens drive in an oval circuit ?	cars
36673	Teens drive electric bumper cars in an oval circuit while people watch behind the fence .	where do teens drive electric bumper cars while people watch behind the fence . ?	circuit
36674	Two girls in a yellow car get stuck , but then they continue driving .	how many girls in a yellow car get stuck ?	two
36674	Two girls in a yellow car get stuck , but then they continue driving .	what is the color of the car ?	yellow
36674	Two girls in a yellow car get stuck , but then they continue driving .	where do two girls get stuck , but then they continue driving . ?	car
36675	All the cars are stuck on the track , then one car gets out and the others get free to continue driving .	what are stuck on the track , then one car gets out and the others get free to continue driving ?	cars
36675	All the cars are stuck on the track , then one car gets out and the others get free to continue driving .	what are all the cars stuck on the track , then gets out and the others get free to continue driving ?	car
36675	All the cars are stuck on the track , then one car gets out and the others get free to continue driving .	how many car does then get out ?	one
36676	Then , all cars stop and the teen get out the cars .	what do then , all cars stop and the teen get out ?	cars
36680	A guy runs with a elongated stick and uses it to elevate himself over a heighten hurdle .	who runs with the elongated stick and uses it to elevate himself over a heighten hurdle ?	guy
36682	A man uses an elongated stick to elevate himself over a heighten hurdle .	who uses an elongated stick to elevate himself over a heighten hurdle ?	man
36682	A man uses an elongated stick to elevate himself over a heighten hurdle .	what does the man use ?	stick
36685	The man yells to the players as they run up and down the field and continues to watch them as they play .	who yells to the players as they run up and down the field and continues to watch them as they play ?	man
36686	A bald man is standing in an industrial building with a lot of glass on the ceiling .	who is standing in an industrial building with a lot of glass on the ceiling ?	man
36687	The male 's friend then grabs a bar and begins lifting weights and jerking .	who then grabs the bar and begins lifting weights and jerking ?	friend
36687	The male 's friend then grabs a bar and begins lifting weights and jerking .	the male 's friend then grabs what ?	bar
36690	A man surfs in a small wave along the beach .	who surfs in the small wave along the beach ?	man
36691	Then , the man get out the water , after he takes surfboard and return to surf in a high wave .	who do then , get out the water , after he takes surfboard and return to surf in a high wave ?	man
36693	People gather in a restaurant , then a cooker shows pasta and ingredients while talking .	what do people gather in a restaurant , then shows pasta and ingredients while talking ?	cooker
36693	People gather in a restaurant , then a cooker shows pasta and ingredients while talking .	where do people gather , then a cooker shows pasta and ingredients while talking . ?	restaurant
36694	The cooker cuts and fries squid in a pot , then he adds salt and vinegar .	where did the cooker cuts and fries squid , then he adds salt and vinegar . ?	pot
36695	Then , the cooker cut tomatoes and add to the squid , also adds garlic , pepper and green vegetables .	then , what cut tomatoes and add to the squid , also adds garlic , pepper and green vegetables ?	cooker
36695	Then , the cooker cut tomatoes and add to the squid , also adds garlic , pepper and green vegetables .	what did then , the cooker cut ?	tomatoes
36695	Then , the cooker cut tomatoes and add to the squid , also adds garlic , pepper and green vegetables .	then , the cooker also adds what ?	vegetables
36696	After , the cooker adds water and covers the pot with aluminum paper .	after , what adds water and covers the pot with aluminum paper ?	cooker
36696	After , the cooker adds water and covers the pot with aluminum paper .	what does after , the cooker cover with aluminum paper ?	pot
36697	Next , the cooker add the pasta to the squid and mix , then he and serves in a dish while talking .	next , what add the pasta to the squid and mix , then he and serves in a dish while talking ?	cooker
36697	Next , the cooker add the pasta to the squid and mix , then he and serves in a dish while talking .	what do next , the cooker add to the squid and mix , then he ?	pasta
36697	Next , the cooker add the pasta to the squid and mix , then he and serves in a dish while talking .	where does next , the cooker serve . ?	dish
